http://www.grdodge.org/dodge-poetry/your-account/privacy-policy/
Dodge Foundation  /  Dodge Poetry  /  Your Account  /  Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to grdodge.org and The Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation include GRDF, grdodge.org, geraldinerdodge.org, blog.grdodge.org, dodgepoetry.org and dodgepoetryarchive.org. The GRDF website is a non-profit Site which provides information about GRDF's funding guidelines, news and updates from the field, events and more. By using the GRDF website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
GRDF may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, name of the organization you represent, business address, e-mail, and business telephone number. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by GRDF. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the GRDF website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through GRDF's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
GRDF encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from GRDF so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. GRDF is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the GRDF website.
Use of your Personal Information
GRDF collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
GRDF may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from GRDF and its affiliates. GRDF may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
GRDF does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
GRDF may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external non-profit partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. GRDF may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to GRDF, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
GRDF may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within GRDF, in order to determine what GRDF services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and to recommend content to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
GRDF will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on GRDF or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of GRDF; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of GRDF, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
GRDF takes reasonable steps to protect the user information that is released to us.  However, we cannot guarantee that data will be completely secure from misappropriation or computer hardware, software or telecommunications network failure.  No data transmitted over the Internet can be 100 percent secure.  Therefore, you provide us with this data at your own risk.
Children Under Thirteen
GRDF does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from GRDF by contacting us here:
- Web page: http://www.grdodge.org- Email: info@grdodge.org- Phone: +1 973 5408442
Changes to this Statement
GRDF will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. GRDF encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how GRDF is protecting your information.
Contact Information
GRDF welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that GRDF has not adhered to this Statement, please contact GRDF at:
Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation14 Maple Avenue, Suite 400Morristown, New Jersey 07960
Email Address:info@grdodge.org
Telephone number:+1 973 5408442
Effective as of March 10, 2012
In This SectionYour AccountLoginYour ProfilePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use