http://www.goodshepherdmurrayfield.org.uk/albanyweb/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
This page outlines the data that is stored by this website, the purposes for which it is used, and to remind you of your rights respecting the use and storage of your information.
Information stored on your computer
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.  They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently to improve the user experience, as well as to provide certain information to the owners of the site.
Cookies are everywhere in modern websites.  This site is very modest in how it uses cookies.  The cookies used are standard ones, common with many other sites, and are used to make certain services work.
Platform cookies
This website is running Drupal which is a standard platform for hosting websites.  Drupal stores some cookies to make the website work efficiently.
There is a cookie stored to record that you have accepted cookies.  When you first visit the site, you will see a banner message indicating that by continuing to use the site you are accepting the use of cookies.  If you don't use the site further, this cookie isn't stored.
For efficiency, Drupal stores whether your browser allows javascript to run.  This cookie has already been stored.
If you log in to this site, Drupal stores a cookie to keep you logged in.
In certain less common scenarios there could be other cookies, for example, to store your preferred layout on a particular page.
Google Analytics
This site uses a tool called Google Analytics.  It's a very popular tool, reported to run on over 15 million sites including 60 percent of the top 10,000 sites (link).  In summary, Analytics helps us understand how visitors use the site, and so improve the site.  You can read more about the cookies Google store and how you can manage them.
Your choices for controlling cookies
This site relies on cookies to function.  Without the cookies described above, the website won't work fully.  For example, you will not be able to stay logged in.  Therefore there is no option in this site to prevent cookies.
However, it is likely that your web browser (the program or app you are using right now to view this page) has options to disable or delete cookies within the privacy or security settings.
Information stored on the website
Like most sites, this server uses log files.  The log messages include a record of every page requested, the time of the request, the browser used and the IP address.  The log messages are used to determine the cause of errors on our website, monitor for security issues, and check for spamming behaviour.  These logs are automatically deleted after one month.
The server maintains statistics about overall usage patterns, used to analyse what content is popular with visitors and to charge the website owner for resources used.  This data is aggregated and although it contains IP addresses, there is no further data relating to the IP address.  Statistics are kept for 5 years.
Information stored by other sites
Google Analytics collects anonymised IP addresses.  These are IP addresses with the final digits set to zero to obscure the physical location of a device.  The IP addresses are not visible to us, and are deleted after 14 months.
Our weekly services
Our Church is re-open for worship  under the Covid19 regulations. This means that numbers attending have to be limited to 20. If you would like to attend either a Sunday at 10am or a Wednesday at 11am Eucharist please book your place by emailing: vestrygsm@hotmail.com
We look forward to seeing you.
For those unable to attend you are invited to join in the service at home by following the material in this service booklet:
Praying At Home Booklet
Praying At Home (short version)
Praying at Home - Appendix V
Advent sees the beginning of the Church’s year. This year we follow the Year B readings which take St.Mark’s Gospel as their guide. Please pray the collect for the day as you light the candles of your Advent ring each week.
The Advent Collect (said every week in Advent)
Almighty God, give us grace to cast away the works of darkness and to put on the armour of light, now in the time of this mortal life, in which your Son Jesus Christ came to us in great humility: that on the last day, when he shall come again in his glorious majesty to judge the living and the dead, we may rise to the life immortal; through him who lives and reigns with you in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end. Amen.
6th December Advent II
Stir up our hearts, Lord, to prepare the way of your only-begotten Son: that, in his coming, we might serve you with our hearts made pure;
through Jesus Christ, our Lord, who lives and reigns with you, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end. Amen.
Isaiah 40: 1-11; 2Peter 3:8-15a; Mark 1:1-8
13th December Advent III
Stir up our prayers, Lord, and hear us: that they who are sorrowful and suffering may rejoice at the Advent of your only begotten Son; who lives and reigns with you, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end. Amen.
Isaiah 61:1-4, 8-11; 1Thessalonians 5:16-24; John 1:6-8, 19-28
Next Event
AGM in Church A brief AGM will be held at the end of the service on Sunday 6th December. Please book in for the service and AGM that day in the usual way.Read more
CHRISTMAS DAY
There will be a service at 10am on Christmas Day.
Places are limited to 20 so please book your place as soon as possible.
To book a place email: vestrygsm@hotmail.comRead more
Articles
Reflections for Advent II by Canon Dean FostekewSunday 6th December 2020 Advent II  Year B
There seems to be an awful lot of shouting going on in...Read more
Reflection for Advent Sunday by Canon Dean FostekewAdvent Sunday 29th November 2020   Year B
We are at the beginning of a new year; the Church’s calendar refreshes...Read more
Reflection from the Rev'd Russell Duncan for Christ-the-King 2020Christ The King – Sunday 22nd November 2020
I wonder what you have on your bedside table? Is there a...Read more