http://www.miplc.de/imprint-privacy-policy/
Username
Password
HomeSearchContactMyMIPLC
LL.M. IPEmployersResearchAlumni
Imprint/ Impressum & Privacy PolicyImprint/Provider Identification
The following provides mandatory data concerning the provider of this website, obligations with regard to data protection, as well as other important legal references involving the Internet site of the Munich Intellectual Property Law Center (http://www.miplc.de) as required by German law.
Provider
The provider of this Internet site within the legal meaning of the term are the MIPLC Founding Partners, i.e. the Max Planck Institute for Innovation and Competition; the University of Augsburg; the Technische Universität München; and The George Washington University Law School (Washington, D.C.).
Addresses
Max Planck Institute for Innovation and CompetitionMarstallplatz 180539 Munich, Germany Email: info@miplc.dePhone: +49 (0) 89 24 246 - 5320Fax: +49 (0) 89 24 246 - 522
Max Planck Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften e.V. (for the Max Planck Institute for Intellectual Property and Competition Law)Hofgartenstr. 880539 Munich, GermanyPh: + 49 (0) 89 2108-0
University of AugsburgUniversitätsstr. 286159 Augsburg, GermanyPh: + 49 (0) 821 598-0
Technische Universität MünchenArcisstr. 2180333 Munich, GermanyPh: + 49 (0) 89 289-01
The George Washington University Law School2000 H St., NWWashington, D.C. 20052, USAPh: + 1 202 994 6261Responsible editor for the contents of the MIPLC's website with regard to media law:
Matthias FinkMIPLC Marstallstr. 880539 Munich, Germanyinfo@miplc.de
Legal Structure
The MIPLC is a non-profit research facility. It is largely autonomous in terms of organization and research, but as a rule has no legal capacity of its own.Data Collection and Processing
The MIPLC is continually working on improving its website. To this end, we automatically gather statistical information relating to your visit to our website. We use this data for the purposes of statistical analyses on website utilisation and technical possibilities. Visits to our website are logged and assessed in an anonymized form. For further details on which information is recorded please refer to this list. The data is collected via an embedded Javascript programme and forwarded to a log server of the MIPLC. If Javascript is deactivated in your browser settings, only some part of the information will be recorded, and the number of page views counted. When you visit our website, a cookie will be stored on your computer, which will allow our system to recognize your computer when you next visit our website. We collect/assess no other data from website visitors. The data protection officer of the MIPLC is available for questions concerning the topic of data protection at info@miplc.de or +49 (0) 89 24 246 5320.
Personalized Services / Newsletter
Insofar as you have decided to take advantage of a personalized service or to register for a newsletter service the required personal data are stored. As a rule this includes your e-mail address, first and surname as well as other data – depending on the type of offer. Your data are used only in order to provide you with the desired offer to your satisfaction and in order to respond to any inquiries. If you no longer wish to take advantage of a personalized service, your personal data will be deleted after you cancel your registration. If you wish to cancel your subscription to a newsletter, please send us an e-mail (info@miplc.de).
Data Transmission
Your personal data will only be transmitted to government organizations and authorities in legally required cases and/or for prosecution in the event of attacks on our network infrastructure. Your personal data are not provided to third parties for any other purpose.
Liability for Contents of Online Information
As the provider of contents in accordance with Section 7 Paragraph 1 of the Tele-Media Law, the MIPLC shall be responsible for any contents which it makes available for use in accordance with general legal provisions. The MIPLC makes every effort to provide timely and accurate information on this Web site. Nevertheless, errors and inaccuracies cannot be completely ruled out. Therefore, the MIPLC does not assume any liability for the relevance, accuracy, completeness or quality of the information provided. The MIPLC shall not be liable for damage of a tangible or intangible nature caused directly or indirectly through the use or failure to use the information offered and/or through the use of faulty or incomplete information unless it is verifiably culpable of intent or gross negligence. The same shall apply to any downloadable software available free of charge. The MIPLC reserves the right to modify, supplement, or delete any or all of the information offered on its Internet site, or to temporarily or permanently cease publication thereof without prior and separate notification.
Links to Internet Sites of Third Parties
This Internet site includes links to external pages. The respective provider shall be responsible for the contents of any linked external pages. In establishing the initial link, the MIPLC has reviewed the respective external content in order to determine whether such link entailed possible civil or criminal responsibility. However, a constant review of linked external pages is unreasonable without concrete reason to believe that a violation of the law may be involved. If the MIPLC determines such or it is pointed out by others that an external offer to which it is connected via a link entails civil or criminal responsibility, then the MIPLC will immediately eliminate any link to this offer. The MIPLC expressly dissociates itself from such contents.
Copyright
The layout, graphics employed and any other contents on the MIPLC Internet site are protected by copyright law. © Munich Intellectual Property Law Center, Munich. All rights reserved.Design
A34 büro für kommunikation und realisation, www.a34-vis.com
Concept and Realization
Kurs 10 IT-Consulting, Munich
CMS
Typo3, www.typo3.com
Partners
Governance
Administration
Cooperations
History
Annual Reports
Sponsoring
Location
Imprint & Privacy Policy