http://www.kearney-law.com/privacy-policy/
Close Button
About
Overview
Gary W. Kearney
Brian Alan Baker
Services
Appeals
Child Custody
Child Support
California Child Support Calculator
Custody, Visitation and Support
Divorce
Family Law
Prenuptial Agreements
QDRO
Stepparent Adoption
Articles
Contact Us
Make A Payment
626-531-2313
Privacy Policy
Keeping customer information private is a priority for Kearney Baker, its subsidiaries and affiliates. To enable us to provide you with the information on this site, we need to collect certain information from you. This also enables you to contact us regarding our services, join our newsletter, or download or request content.  However, we want to emphasize that we are committed to maintaining the privacy of this information in accordance with law.  We do not share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our services, or protect our rights.  All individuals with access to personal information about our customers are required to follow this policy, effective as of  July 1, 2020.
We are providing you this privacy notice to inform you of what personal information we collect about you and how we treat that information. We hope this privacy notice answers any questions you may have regarding our treatment of your personal information and reassures you of our dedication to keeping your personal information secure.
1 – Personal Information We Collect
While using our website, Kearney Baker may ask users to provide certain personal data that can be used to identify and contact you. The data we collect depends on your interaction with Kearney Baker, its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as the choices you make, including your privacy settings, submitted forms, and social media account logins. The non-public, personal information that we collect includes, but is not limited to:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms (such as your name, address, email, phone number and payment instructions;
Information you may provide during visits to our website;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others; and
Information about your IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and your website activity.
1.1 – Information Received From Clients
Kearney Baker receives personal information from its clients that is necessary to carry out normal business activities required under its contracts. Although we maintain this information, we are only permitted to use it to provide services for which we are contracted.
1.2 – Website Visitors
Kearney Baker collects specific information that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as operating system, browser type, browser plugins, language preference, referring websites, and the date and time of each visit. Kearney Baker collects this non-personal information in order to better understand how Kearney Baker’s website visitors are interacting with its site. Kearney Baker also collects potentially personal identifying information, such as Internet Protocol (IP) address for users who are logged-in to their accounts or who submit information through our site, or leave comments on blogs or posts if available. Kearney Baker only discloses this information under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses other personal information as described below.
1.3 – Cookies
Our Website does generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to the Website. This information is used for internal purposes only. The statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
The Website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Kearney Baker visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Kearney Baker’s website. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Website or our services.
1.3.1 – Types of Cookies Used
Kearney Baker’s website may use Strictly Necessary Cookies, Performance Cookies, Functional Cookies, Targeting Cookies and Social Media Cookies.  These cookies may be first-party cookies or third-party cookies, and are persistent or session. When a website uses a session cookie each visit is treated as a new visit. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer and their life is set by the website. Kearney Baker uses cookies for different purposes:
Essential cookies – Essential cookies are cookies that must be present for the website to provide its basic functions. They are essential to be able to access features of the website, adjust the site data transmitted to match your Internet connection, load the secure version of the Site, and help provide services you specifically requested. If you set your browser to block these cookies, some parts of the Site will not work. Strictly Necessary Cookies do not store any Personal Information.
Functional cookies – Functional cookies allow the Site to remember choices you make and provide enhanced functionality and more personalized features.  Depending on context, Functional Cookies may store certain types of Personal Information as needed to provide functionality.
Performance cookies – Performance cookies are cookies used to gather data on how visitors use a website and which pages of a website receive the most traffic. These cookies monitor only the performance of the site as the user interacts with it. These cookies don’t collect identifiable information on visitors, which means all the data collected is anonymous and only used to improve the functionality of a website.
Advertising cookies – Advertising cookies allow us to manage and display our advertisements, based on your activity on the Kearney Baker website and other sites. Another purpose of advertising cookies is to build user profiles from visitors to the website and to gather statistics on the performance of the advertisements across many websites.  These cookies are almost always third party, persistent cookies. This means that the cookies can follow the user as they visit other websites.
Social Media Cookies – Social Media Cookies make social sharing easier for you, provide you with tools to connect with the Site, and help us better understand both the audience for the Site and the effectiveness of our social media outreach. These are third-party cookies. Your choices with respect to such cookies are determined by the social media platforms on which you have accounts.
1.3.2 – Don’t Want Cookies?
Most web browsers let you choose whether to accept cookies. Most also let you delete cookies already set. The choices available, and the mechanism used, will vary from browser to browser. Such browser settings are typically found in the “options,” “tools,” or “preferences” menu. You may also consult the browser’s “help” menu.
For example:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
1.4 – Aggregated Statistics
Kearney Baker collects statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Kearney Baker monitors the most popular blog posts or pages on the site. Kearney Baker may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Kearney Baker does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
2 – Personal Information We Share
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers or former customers to any non-affiliated entity except as described below and otherwise required by law. We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to affiliated attorneys and companies that assist us in the servicing or administration of the products or services that you have requested or authorized.
We may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation, or in good faith to (a) comply with legal process served on us or (b) protect our rights and property and those of our affiliated attorneys.
We are an advertising agency and we sometimes allow third party advertisers to place a cookie on your browser for targeted advertising purposes.
2.1 –  Use of your Information
Kearney Baker takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal information. When information is shared with companies that perform services on our behalf, we protect against the subsequent disclosure of that information with a confidentiality agreement. In no event do we disclose your personal information to companies that will use that information to contact you about their own products or services. We may use the information we collect for various business purposes, including:
Provide the Services to you, improve the quality of the service, and develop new products and services;
Provide you with information about related goods and services which we believe may be of interest to you;
Understand how users interact with the Services;
Contact you about goods and services by any of the methods that you have consented to at the time we collected your information;
Fulfill any other business or commercial purposes at your direction or with prior notice to you and your consent;
We also may use personal information for internal business purposes, including:
To monitor abuse and prevent illegal activities and fraud,
To troubleshoot product functionality and fix bugs;
To track people’s preferences which allows us to create new services, features and content personalized for you and your interests;
To track behavior on an aggregated level and understand trends related to our offerings and services.
2.2 – Third-party Disclosure for Joint Marketing Events & Digital Assets
At times, Kearney Baker may participate in joint marketing events with third-parties. If you opt-into a joint marketing event or digital asset, we may provide your registration information to these third-parties & partners for use in marketing and or providing their own services, to send you information about its products. You may opt out of us providing such information by opting out of our email newsletter,and/or not registering for joint marketing events. You should contact the other third-party directly in order to request any further communications to stop.
3 – Our Security Procedures
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those persons who need such information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulation to guard your nonpublic personal information.
3.1 Employees, Agents, Contractors or Third-Party Service Providers
Kearney Baker may disclose potentially-identifying or personal information only to those of its employees, agents, contractors, and affiliates that 1) need to know the information in order to process a request on Kearney Baker’s behalf, or to provide services available at Kearney Baker and its website, and 2) that have agreed not to disclose such information to others.  Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Kearney Baker’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Kearney Baker will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying or personally identifying information to anyone without advance notice. We do share information as described above with our website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to only use this information for the purpose in which Kearney Baker shared it with them.
4 – Storing and Transfer of Personal Information
Kearney Baker operates its site in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, please know that your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States. By using this site and providing Kearney Baker with information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.
Kearney Baker may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of headquarters for processing and storing. In addition, it may be processed by staff operating outside the office area who work for us or for one of our affiliates. For example, such staff may be engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. Kearney Baker will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this privacy policy.
5 – Choices and Individual Rights
Kearney Baker takes all reasonable steps to allow visitors to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you are a customer of one of our clients that works with Kearney Baker and would no longer like to be contacted by them, please send your request to the client that you interact with directly.
Email:  If you do not wish to receive newsletter or promotional emails from Kearney Baker or for us to share your information with a joint partner in co-branded marketing events, you may opt out at any time. If you opt out of a promotional email, Kearney Baker may still send you transactional and administrative emails about this privacy notice or about the products or services you have purchased.
Cookies: As described above, your browser’s help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time.
6 – Personal Information We Collect on California Consumers
The above section titled, “Personal Information We Collect,” describes the personal information we have collected about consumers in the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Notice. The information we collect includes the following:
Identifiers such as name, address, email address, phone number, unique id, and other identifiers listed in the Personal Information We Collect section above.
Commercial information, including information about orders or purchases of any of our products or services; registration information, specials, and information you provide or submit to us when you participate in any event, program, contest, survey or other promotion that we may offer from time to time.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our websites, mobile apps, advertisements that we display on our websites or mobile apps or on third party sites and apps, or Kearney Baker’s pages or accounts on any third-party social media platforms.
Geolocation data.
Audio information from calls placed with Kearney Baker employees, customer service and accounting, which may be reported, and electronic information in the form of Internet or other electronic network activity information described above.
Inferences drawn from (1) the information we collect when you visit our websites, tools, widgets and plug-ins, (2) information we collect, including through third-party suppliers, regarding content and other data posted on the Internet (such as public locations on the Internet), and (3) information about consumers preference and behavior that we collect on our websites and mobile apps or purchase from third parties in order to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
We collect this personal information from sources that include our clients and other sources referenced in the “Personal Information We Collect” section above.
6.1– Disclosures of Personal Information for Monetary or Other Valuable Consideration or for Business Purposes
Kearney Baker does not sell your data.  However, under the CCPA, some sharing of personal information necessary to provide you with personalized ads and with some of our partners may be considered a “sale,” even if no money is exchanged.  In that sense, we have disclosed email addresses and contact information to other businesses and third parties which include our joint marketing partners when we host webinars and events with them within the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Notice.  We may have also disclosed certain online identifiers, information about the use of our website and inferences drawn about you to our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
7 – California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the following rights with respect to the use of your personal information.
7.1 Right to Access and Information Regarding Personal Information
You have the right to request that we disclose to you what personal information is collected, used, shared or sold.  Specifically, in the twelve-month period preceding your request, you have the right to request disclosure of the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information;
The specific pieces of information we have collected about you;
The categories of personal information about you, if any, that we have disclosed for monetary or other valuable consideration and the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed the information, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which we disclosed the personal information; and
The categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.
We will deliver personal information that we are required by law to disclose to you in the manner required by law within 45 days after receipt of a valid request.
7.2 Right to Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.
7.3 Right to Opt Out
You have the right to opt out of the disclosure of personal information about you for monetary or other valuable consideration.
7.4 – Right to No Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against because you exercised any of the new rights afforded under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
7.5 – Request to Exercise your Rights
You may request a copy of the specific Personal Information collected about you and may exercise any of the rights afforded to you by the CCPA by:
Submitting a request to: info@kearneybaker.com
Our Policy on Personal Information about Children
Kearney Baker’s website is not intended for children under 13. If you learned that your minor child has provided Kearney Baker with personal information without your consent, please contact us at: info@kearneybaker.com
Changes to Privacy Policy
Kearney Baker reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise, change, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will incorporate all material changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will provide advance notice to you. Such notice may be given in any manner we choose that complies with law, including, but not limited to posting a notice of such changes on the Web Sites. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the most recent version of this Privacy Policy. Any use by a User of the Web Sites following notice of such changes shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by that User of those changes to the Privacy Policy.
California Online Privacy Protection Act.
Kearney Baker’s practices comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). If you have any questions about this notice or about your information under CCPA, or would like to be removed from any marketing or retargeting list please e-mail a Member Services Representative at info@kearneybaker.com.