https://www.rngmedcons.com/privacy-policy/
Consulting
Medical Chronology
Medical Summary
Full Case Workup
Merit Screens
Adverse Event Reporting
Medical Claims Service
Additional Services
Client Screening Center
Education and Training
Healthcare Fraud Analysis
Independent Medical Exams
Data Management
Record Retrieval
Scanning and Document Preparation
Onsite Scanning
Plantiff Interviews
Additional Services
Case Management System
Resources
R&G Portal
Blog
Contact
About Us
Team Bios
What our Clients think
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of R&G Medical Legal Solutions, LLC.
Our postal address is
P. O. Box 5339
Peoria, Arizona 85385-5339
We can be reached via e-mail at contact@rngmedcons.com, by using our Contact form, by telephone at 888-486-2245 (623-566-3333 in Arizona,) or FAX at 623-566-3438.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible.)
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and user-specific (but not personally identifiable) information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or contacting us through our Contact page.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us regarding the specific issues for which it was provided.
We do not share our customer information with other organizations.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
Upon request and verification of identity, we provide site visitors with access to communications that the visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, or a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us, writing to us at the above address or, contacting us through our Contact page.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or contacting us through our Contact page.
If we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors of the redirection. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Contact Us
Questions or Comments? Send us an email and we'll get back to you, ASAP.
Send Message
Get Started with R&G, No Obligation, No Pressure
Contact Us
© 2020 · R&G Medical Legal Solutions, LLC, All Rights Reserved
Home
Privacy Policy
Contact Us