http://www.privacyassociation.org/index.html
language English (EN)
Français (FR) Español (ES) Deutsch (DE)
About the IAPP
Enterprise Services
Contact
MyIAPP
search
News
Connect
Train
Certify
Resources
Conferences
Join
Store
Store
shopping_cart
{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}
Main Menuclose
search
close
Shopping Cart
shopping_cart
{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}
English (EN)language
radio_button_checkedEnglish (EN)
radio_button_uncheckedFrançais (FR)
radio_button_uncheckedEspañol (ES)
radio_button_uncheckedDeutsch (DE)
Homehome
News
Connectgroup
Trainschool
Certify
Resourcesassessment
Conferencesevent
Joinperson_add
Storestore
MyIAPPperson_outline
About the IAPPinfo_outline
Enterprise Servicesdomain
Contactsend
menu
shopping_cart
{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}
person_outline
Login
close
News Stream
Books
Videos
Web Conferences
Subscriptions
Advertise
About IAPP Publications
Daily Dashboard
The day’s top stories from around the world
Privacy Perspectives
Where the real conversations in privacy happen
The Privacy Advisor
Original reporting and feature articles on the latest privacy developments
Privacy Tracker
Alerts and legal analysis of legislative trends
Privacy Tech
Exploring the technology of privacy
Canada Dashboard Digest
A roundup of the top Canadian privacy news
Europe Data Protection Digest
A roundup of the top European data protection news
Asia-Pacific Dashboard Digest
A roundup of the top privacy news from the Asia-Pacific region
Latin America Dashboard Digest
A roundup of the top privacy news from Latin America
U.S. Privacy Digest
A roundup of US privacy news
Overview
KnowledgeNet Chapters
Sections
Affinity Groups
Volunteer
Annual Awards
Member Directory
Privacy List
Career Central
Find a KnowledgeNet Chapter Near You
Talk privacy and network with local members at IAPP KnowledgeNet Chapter meetings, taking place worldwide.
Join the Privacy List
Have ideas? Need advice? Subscribe to the Privacy List. It’s crowdsourcing, with an exceptional crowd.
IAPP Job Board
Looking for a new challenge, or need to hire your next privacy pro? The IAPP Job Board is the answer.
Member Directory
Locate and network with fellow privacy professionals using this peer-to-peer directory.
Overview
Online Training
Live Online Training
In-Person Training
Books
Sample Questions
Train Your Staff
Official Training Partners
Web Conferences
European Data Protection (CIPP/E)
Understand Europe’s framework of laws, regulations and policies, most significantly the GDPR.
U.S. Private-Sector Privacy (CIPP/US)
Steer a course through the interconnected web of federal and state laws governing U.S. data privacy.
Privacy Program Management (CIPM)
Develop the skills to design, build and operate a comprehensive data protection program.
Privacy in Technology (CIPT)
Add to your tech knowledge with deep training in privacy-enhancing technologies and how to deploy them.
CCPA Training
Gain the knowledge needed to address the widest-reaching consumer information privacy law in the U.S.
GDPR Training
Learn the legal, operational and compliance requirements of the EU regulation and its global influence.
Privacy Law Specialist Training (PLS)
Meet the stringent requirements to earn this American Bar Association-certified designation.
Overview
Certification Programs
Get Certified
How to Prepare
Continuing Privacy Education (CPE)
Fees
Certify Your Staff
Verify a Certification
CIPP Certification
The global standard for the go-to person for privacy laws, regulations and frameworks
CIPM Certification
The first and only privacy certification for professionals who manage day-to-day operations
CIPT Certification
As technology professionals take on greater privacy responsibilities, our updated certification is keeping pace with 50% new content covering the latest developments.
FIP Designation
Recognizing the advanced knowledge and issue-spotting skills a privacy pro must attain in today’s complex world of data privacy.
Privacy Law Specialist
The first title to verify you meet stringent requirements for knowledge, skill, proficiency and ethics in privacy law, and one of the ABA’s newest accredited specialties.
CIPP/E + CIPM = GDPR Ready
The IAPP’S CIPP/E and CIPM are the ANSI/ISO-accredited, industry-recognized combination for GDPR readiness. Learn more today.
Certification CDPO
Certification des compétences du DPO fondée sur la législation et règlementation française et européenne, agréée par la CNIL.
Tools
Research
Glossary
DPAs
FTC Casebook
Enforcement Database
IAPP Westin Research Center
Jobs
Privacy Vendor Marketplace
Privacy Vendor Marketplace
Use the Vendor Demo Center, Privacy Vendor List and Privacy Tech Vendor Report to easily identify privacy products and services to support your work.
COVID-19 Resources
Access a collection of privacy news, resources, guidance and tools covering the COVID-19 global outbreak.
CCPA Genius
This tool maps requirements in the law to specific provisions, the proposed regulations, expert analysis and guidance regarding compliance, the ballot initiative, and more.
GDPR Genius
This interactive tool provides IAPP members access to critical GDPR resources — all in one location.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Looking for the latest resources, tools and guidance on the California Consumer Privacy Act? IAPP members can get up-to-date information right here.
EU General Data Protection Regulation
The IAPP's EU General Data Protection Regulation page collects the guidance, analysis, tools and resources you need to make sure you're meeting your obligations.
White Papers
Access all white papers published by the IAPP.
IAPP Research: Reports
Access all reports published by the IAPP.
IAPP Research: Surveys
Access all surveys published by the IAPP.
Schrems II FAQ & Resources
This FAQs page addresses topics such as the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield agreement, standard contractual clauses and binding corporate rules.
Europe Data Protection Congress Online 2020
Create your own customised programme of European data protection presentations from the rich menu of online content.
Privacy. Security. Risk. Online 2020
Explore the privacy/technology convergence by selecting live and on-demand sessions from this new web series. Customize your own learning and neworking program!
Summit Sessions
Free to members. Get on-demand access to privacy experts through an ongoing series of 70+ newly recorded sessions. Cutting-edge IAPP event content, worth 20 CPE credits.
Data Protection Intensives
Choose from four DPI events near you each year for in-depth looks at practical and operational aspects of data
protection.
Global Privacy Summit
The world’s top privacy conference. Whether you work in the public or private sector, anywhere in the world, the Summit is your can't-miss event.
Canada Privacy Symposium
Find answers to your privacy questions from keynote speakers and panellists who are experts in Canadian data protection.
Asia Privacy Forum
World-class discussion and education on the top privacy issues in Asia Pacific and around the globe.
ANZ Summit
Delivering world-class discussion and education on the top privacy issues in Australia, New Zealand and around the globe.
Europe Data Protection Congress
The hub of European privacy policy debate, thought leadership and strategic thinking with data protection professionals.
Speak at an IAPP Event
View our open calls and submission instructions.
Individual Membership
Corporate Membership
Group Membership
Student Membership
Become a Member
Start taking advantage of the many IAPP member benefits today
Corporate Members
See our list of high-profile corporate members—and find out why you should become one, too
Renew Your Membership
Don’t miss out for a minute—continue accessing your benefits
ANZ Members
Review current member benefits available to Australia and New Zealand members
{[ product.name ]}
clear
mode_editEdit
remove_circle_outline
{[ getCartItemQuantity(product.id) ]}
add_circle_outline
{[ product.price | currencyFilter ]}
TOTAL: {[ getCartTotalCost() | currencyFilter ]}
Update cart for total
shopping_basket
Checkout
autorenew
UPDATE CART
Sorry...it's not you. It's us.
This page may have moved or does not exist. Please use the menu above to find what you're looking for.