http://www.genproxy.co.uk/privacy-policy.htm
Back
Home
Trades
Medical
Latin
Relationships
Glossary
Email Tips
Backups
Privacy & Cookie Policy
We recognize that the privacy of our
visitor's personal information is important.
We do gather some information, it is NOTused
to personally identify you, it is general
information about how you move around
the website, how long on each page etc,
the size of your computer screen, the
browser type, the operating system etc,
this type  of information can help
web designers create better more user
friendly websites in the future.
As with most websites, the data is contained
in log files, including your ISP (internet
service provider, such as BT Tiscali or
AOL) IP (internet protocol) address, the
browser used to visit our site (such as
Firefox or Internet Explorer), the time
you visited our site and which pages you
visited throughout our site.
email
Should you need to give your email address
on one of our websites, please be assured
we never dislose or sell your information
to third parties.
Cookies
Cookies are small files containing
text & numerals placed on your computer
or device, they contain information about
any preferences you may have chosen for
the website and can be used to remember
when you last visited the website and
which pages you saw.
We may also use cookies / web beacons
to store such data, as your preferences
when you visit our site.  This may
include only showing you a popup if it
is your first visit, or the ability to
login to some of our features, such as
blogs or forums.Cookies do not identify
you.
Some pages may carry third party advertisements
that may use technology such as cookies
and web beacons when they advertise on
our site, which will also send these advertisers
(such as Google through the Google AdSense
program) Third party vendors, including
Google, use cookies to
serve ads based on a user’s previous
visits to your website or other websites.
Information including your IP address,
your ISP, the browser you used to visit
our site, and in some cases, whether you
have Flash installed. This is often used
for geotargeting purposes (showing Luton
theatre Ads only to someone in the Luton
area, for example) or showing certain
ads based on specific sites visited (such
as showing cooking ads to someone who
frequents cooking sites)
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to
check on the relevant popularity of pages,
how long visitors remain on each page,
how many pages are viewed before leaving
the website, type of browser, size of
screen etc, this information may be processed
in a foreign country.
Finally, please be aware that some advertisers
and other third parties may use their
own cookie tags when you click on an advertisement
or link on our website. These third parties
are responsible for setting out their
own cookie and privacy policies.
If you'd like to learn more about cookies
in general and how to manage them, visit
aboutcookies.org
You can find out more about cookies
from advertisers in this advice from the
Internet
Advertising Bureau.
We can't be responsible for the content
of external websites.
You can chose to disable or selectively
turn off our cookies or third-party cookies
in your browser settings, or by managing
preferences in programs such as Panda,
McAfee, Norton Internet Security. However,
this usually results in a much poorer
web surfing experience for you as it can
affect how you are able to interact with
websites. This could include the inability
to login to services or programs, such
as blogs, forums or accounts.