https://www.thoughtco.com/foreign-policy-under-john-adams-3310347
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
kreicher / Getty Images
Issues
U.S. Foreign Policy
The U. S. Government
U.S. Liberal Politics
U.S. Conservative Politics
Women's Issues
Civil Liberties
The Middle East
Terrorism
Race Relations
Immigration
Crime & Punishment
Canadian Government
View More
By
Steve Jones
Professor of History
Ph.D., American History, Oklahoma State University
M.A., American history, Oklahoma State University
B.A., Journalism, Northwestern Oklahoma State University
Steve Jones is a professor of history at Southwestern Adventist University specializing in teaching and writing about American foreign policy and military history.
our editorial process
Steve Jones
Updated July 08, 2019
John Adams, a Federalist and America's second president, conducted a foreign policy that was at once cautious, underrated, and paranoid. He sought to maintain Washington's neutral foreign policy stance, but increasingly found himself grappling with France in the so-called "Quasi-War" during his only term in office, from 1797 to 1801.
Adams, who had significant diplomatic experience as ambassador to England before the adoption of the Constitution, inherited bad blood with France when he took over the presidency from George Washington. His foreign policy responses rank from good to poor; while he kept the U.S. out of the full-blown war, he fatally hurt the Federalist party.
Quasi-War
France, which had helped the U.S. win independence from England in the American Revolution, expected the US to help militarily when France entered another war with England in the 1790s. Washington, fearing dire consequence for the young country, refused to help, opting instead for a policy of neutrality.
Adams pursued that neutrality, but France began raiding American merchant ships. Jay's Treaty of 1795 had normalized trade between the US and Great Britain, and France considered American commerce with England not only in violation of the Franco-American Alliance of 1778 but also lending aid to its enemy.
Adams sought negotiations, but France's insistence on $250,000 in bribe money (the XYZ Affair) derailed diplomatic attempts. Adams and the Federalists began building up both the US Army and Navy. Higher tax levies paid for the buildup.
While neither side ever declared war, the US and French navies fought several battles in the so-called Quasi-War. Between 1798 and 1800, France captured more than 300 US merchant ships and killed or wounded some 60 American sailors; the US Navy captured more than 90 French merchant ships.
In 1799, Adams authorized William Murray to make a diplomatic mission to France. Treating with Napoleon, Murray crafted a policy that both ended the Quasi-War and dissolved the Franco-American Alliance of 1778. Adams considered this resolution to the French conflict one of the finest moments of his presidency.
Alien and Sedition Acts
Adams' and the Federalists' brush with France, however, left them afraid that French revolutionaries might immigrate to the U.S., link up with the pro-French Democrat-Republicans, and stage a coup that would oust Adams, install Thomas Jefferson as president, and end Federalist domination in the US government. Jefferson, leader of the Democrat-Republicans, was Adams' vice-president; however, they hated each other over their polarized governmental views. While they became friends later, they rarely spoke during Adams' presidency.
This paranoia prompted Congress to pass and Adams to sign the Alien and Sedition Acts. The acts included:
The Alien Act: enabled the president to deport any resident alien he believed to be dangerous to the U.S.The Alien Enemies Act: enabled the president to arrest and deport any alien whose home country was at war with the US (an act aimed directly at France)The Naturalization Act: extended the length of residency required for an alien to become a US citizen from five to 14 years and prevented immigrants from voting against incumbent Federalist office-holdersThe Sedition Act: made it illegal to publish false, scandalous, or malicious material against the government; the president and justice department had such wide latitude to define those terms that this act nearly violated the First Amendment
Adams lost the presidency to his rival Thomas Jefferson in the election of 1800. American voters could see through the politically driven Alien and Sedition Acts, and news of the diplomatic end to the Quasi-War arrived too late to mitigate their influence. In response, Jefferson and James Madison wrote the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions.
The Alien and Sedition Acts of 1798
The XYZ Affair: A Dispute Between France and the U.S.
Top 10 Things to Know About John Adams
Biography of John Adams, 2nd President of the United States
Election of 1800: Thomas Jefferson versus John Adams
The Federalist Party: America's First Political Party
The Later Years and Last Words of John Adams
John Quincy Adams: 6th President of the United States
Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions
10 Things to Know About Thomas Jefferson
Life of John Jay, Founding Father and Supreme Court Chief Justice
American Foreign Policy Under George Washington
Thomas Jefferson Biography - Third President of the United States
What Was Foreign Policy Like Under Thomas Jefferson?
Presidential Election of 1800 Ended in a Tie
Pictures and Trivia About the Presidents of the United States