https://www.ivpress.com/privacy-policy?source=footer
MY ACCOUNT   HELP   CONTACT US
Free US Shipping on orders over $45
Books
New & Coming Soon
Bible Studies & Group Resources
Reference & Commentaries
Christian Living
Spiritual Formation
Church Leadership
Academic Titles & Textbooks
Fiction
Ebooks
Partner Resources
IVP Academic
Academic Titles & Textbooks
Reference & Commentaries
Textbook Selector
Instructor Resources
Desk & Exam Copies
Academic Catalog
Authors
New & Featured Authors
IVP Bookshelf
Every Voice Now
Voices of Color
#ReadWomen
Special Offers
Weekly Deals
Christmas Sale
Clearance Sale
Free Discussion Guides
IVP Book Club
Commentary Programs
Customer & Bulk Discounts
IVP Book Club
About the IVP Book Club
View the Current Digest
Modify Order/Skip Main Selection
View Order History
View Open Invoices
IVP Book Club FAQs
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
ivpress.com and its affiliated blogs, social media pages and feeds, and opt-in email newsletters (individually and collectively referred to as, the "Site") is brought to you by InterVarsity Christian Fellowship/USA d/b/a InterVarsity Press, an Illinois not-for-profit religious corporation ("IVP" or "we" or "us"). This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal and non-personal information we collect on the Site, how we use such information and to whom and under what circumstances we may disclose it. By using the Site, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information (defined below) as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
Collection of Information
Personal Information
We only collect Personal Information from you when you: (1) register on the Site; (2) complete a survey; (3) communicate with us via email, telephone, mail, social media, or other method; (4) enter a contest or other promotion (in accordance with the applicable official rules); (5) order products and services; (6) opt-in to receive email newsletters or other promotional materials; or (7) otherwise provide us with your personal information. Personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") we collect may include, without limitation, your name, age, email address, phone number, address, username, password, survey responses, customer service requests, job title, area of ministry, academic discipline, bank account information, and credit card information or other payment information if you submit such information. We may require certain pieces of this information in order to create and maintain a personal account for you or on your behalf. A personal account may be required to enable you to access certain services or other non-public areas of the Site, or purchase products and services on or through the Site. We may request additional information to verify your identity in certain instances. We may use cookies and other available technology to remember your preferences and customized settings, facilitate access to the Site, and verify access to personal accounts.
Non-Personal Information
Visitors are not required to register with IVP to access the public pages of the Site. However, as part of the standard operation of the Site, IVP or its third party contractor may collect certain non-personal information from you, including but not limited to your browser type, mobile device type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the Site. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site and other click-stream data.
Cookies
We may use cookies to collect the non-personal information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access the Site. We may also use cookies to: (1) monitor Site usage; (2) conduct research to improve our content and services; and (3) track items in your shopping basket in order to return you to the correct re-entry page on the Site after your purchase. In addition, we may use cookies or "session identifiers" to recognize returning users or to "personalize" the Site. You may change your web browser's settings to adjust your cookie preferences. You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to purchase items though our webstore. Check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Access to Information You Provide to Us
Upon request we will provide you with access to all Personal Information that we maintain about you. You may request that we correct or modify such Personal Information, or direct us not to disclose your Personal Information to any third party other than those necessary to complete a transaction you initiate on the Site, those related to a legal proceedings, or those related to a change in control of IVP or certain of its assets. However, we will not release any information until we have verified your identity. We ask that you include a phone number and postal address in your request to facilitate that verification process. To make a request regarding your Personal Information, please see our Contact Us page.
Use of Information
We may use the Personal Information and non-personal information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill your requests for products and services; (2) to provide you with targeted offers and advertising on the Site; (3) to contact you when necessary; (4) to review and analyze Site usage and operations; (5) to address problems with the Site, our business or our products and services; and (6) to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business. We may also use your Personal Information to contact you with information and promotional materials and offers from us, as well as from our subsidiaries, affiliates, marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties. If you would prefer not to receive such communications, please send your request to our Contact Us page.
Disclosure of Information
We may transfer or otherwise disclose Personal Information and non-personal information collected from and about you to the following entities for the following purposes: (1) to our employees, independent contractors, subsidiaries, affiliates, consultants, business associates, service providers and suppliers, if the disclosure will enable any of these entities to perform a business, professional, fulfillment, marketing, information technology, or technical support function for us; (2) to our employees, independent contractors, service providers and suppliers, to fulfill a product or service request; (3) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the Site Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (4) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (5) in the event that our company or a portion of its assets are acquired, your Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets. We may also sell, rent, or lease your Personal Information to our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties. We will not make your bank account information available to any third parties other than those necessary to complete and fulfill the related transaction.
Internet Communication
The privacy of communication over the Internet cannot be guaranteed, because the Internet is not a secure medium. You agree that IVP is not responsible for any harm, loss, or damage you may incur by the sending of Personal Information or other confidential information over the Internet by or to IVP. Credit card information that you submit when buying products in our webstore will be transmitted only over secure channels, never using email. (If you utilize one of our online forms instead of our webstore for product orders, we recommend that you call us later with your credit card information because these forms are submitted through unsecured email systems.) We will not save your credit card information for your future purchases unless you request that we do so.
Children's Privacy
We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect or maintain any Personal Information from, children under the age of thirteen. If we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of thirteen and you are the child's parent or legal guardian, please contact us at our Contact Us page to request that we remove such Personal Information.
Third Party Applications
You may be able to access the Site or sign into your personal account through a third party application (e.g. Facebook) and/or we may use a third party to help us track and analyze usage of the Site. In allowing access through such an application, we may receive certain information (including Personal Information) from the third party application and disclose certain information to such third party application. If you access the Site or your account from a mobile application, you may provide us with geo-location details. You may prevent this disclosure by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
Third Party Websites
The Site may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through the Site.
Do Not Track Signals
The Site does not respond to do not track signals and may collect Personal Information about users as they move across third party websites.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time with or without cause or prior notice. When we do, we will post the change(s) on our website. Changes to the Privacy Policy are effective immediately upon posting. Users are responsible for reviewing the Privacy Policy regularly. Please review the terms of this Privacy Policy with each visit to the Site as those terms in effect at the time of your visit to the Site shall be applicable. Use of the Site indicates User's full and complete agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Use of information (including Personal Information) we gather or that is in our possession is subject to the Privacy Policy as in effect at the time of collection.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the Personal Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared Personal Information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2017 will receive information regarding 2016 sharing activities).
To obtain this information from IVP please contact us via our Contact Us page with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the top line above the body of your message. The requested information, if required by law, will be provided to you at your email inbox.
Your European Economic Area Privacy Rights
The rights under the GDPR are available to you if you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please use the Contact Us form on our website. We will respond to your request within 30 days of receiving it. Before accepting your request, we may need to ask for some identity documentation from you, to make sure we don’t inadvertently provide your personal information to someone else. You can read more about your rights on our General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Page.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, contact us at our Contact Us page. You can find out more about our Website and Mobile Application Terms of Use at our Terms of Use page.
Daily Quiet Time Bible Study
Hard Saying of the Day
LifeGuide Bible Study Finder
Discussion Guides
Newsletters
Blogs
Request a Catalog
Booksellers
International
Translations
Permissions
Libraries
Help / FAQs
Contact Us
My Account
Order History
My Downloads
Lost Password
IVP
InterVarsity
Careers
Privacy Policy
Award Winners
IVP in the News
Media
Copyright ©2020 InterVarsity Press