https://www.indystar.com/story/news/environment/2020/04/21/invasive-species-list-illegal-landscaping-plants/5146600002/
These common landscaping plants are now illegal to sell in Indiana. Here's why.London GibsonIndianapolis StarView Comments Known for their beauty, honeysuckles commonly adorn lawns across Indiana. But these delicate, sweet-smelling plants are also slow and secret killers. The honeysuckle starts in yards, purchased by well-meaning property owners looking for sturdy yet attractive foliage. But then they spread their seeds into other areas, including Indiana's natural forestland. And when springtime comes, the charming honeysuckle doesn't follow Indiana's ecological rules. These plants, and other non-natives like them, open their leaves earlier in the year than the state's natural residents, including oak seedlings. In doing so, invasive honeysuckles rob light and water from surrounding plants, eventually choking them out and taking their space for its own.The demure plant meant just to spice up a corner of the lawn has worked its way into toppling what could have grown into a mighty oak.“And if you change the composition of the forest, you change the type of fruit and food that are available for birds or the insects … so it's a bit of a chain reaction that you set in place," said Cliff Sadof, an entomology professor at Purdue University. "It's really bad, these things are really bad actors." To counteract these bad actors — and after years of effort — a new rule banning 44 species of invasive plants took effect April 18. Under the Terrestrial Plant Rule, these plants are prohibited from being sold, gifted, exchanged or even transported within the state, punishable by a $500 fine per incident per day. They can, however, still be owned.The rule targets species often sold in the nursery trade, where many invasive plants first made their way in the U.S. The rule is a huge step, said Ethan Olson, director of native landscapes at Keep Indianapolis Beautiful."The Terrestrial Plant Rule is the first rule that actually directly looks out for the health and well being of terrestrial ecosystems," Olson said. "This rule is a pretty big win for folks who care about the environment, and it’s hopefully a jumping off point."The fight against invasive speciesThe rule affects nursery owners most directly, said Claire Lane, an urban conservationist with Hamilton County's Soil and Water Conservation District, but it's meant to remind homeowners to think about what plants they're buying."The rule is really kind of geared toward requiring purchasers and consumers to make better everyday decisions," Lane said. Some common species you can expect to see disappear are the Japanese barberry, Wintercreeper and, of course, honeysuckles — five different species of them.Banning these plants could save cities a whole host of expenses, Lane said. Carmel Clay Parks and Recreation, for example, spent more than $140,000 in 2018 managing invasive species, she said. Statewide, an estimated $5.85 million was spent managing these plants in 2012.Earth Day:50 ways to celebrate (from your home during the pandemic)Forests:Businesses, groups call on INDOT to stop planning highway projectConsidering these costs, the state of Indiana has been working toward legislation addressing the invasive plants for some years. In 2007, a task force was formed and followed by the creation of the Invasive Species Council a few years later. The Council developed the Terrestrial Plants Rule, which was formally signed into law last spring.Meanwhile, Cooperative Invasive Species Management Areas, or CISMAs, began popping up around the state. These organizations are partnerships between local agencies and interested groups geared toward tackling invasive species in the area, usually within a county. CISMAs normally meet regularly, host events like "weed wrangles" and advocate for policy changes.The Hamilton County and Marion County CISMAs were both formed a little more than a year ago. Olson acts as co-chair of the CISMA in Marion County, and Lane helps to spearhead the one in Hamilton County."We just thought if we could all come together, we could increase our impact," Lane said. "It's been a long battle to try and get something going."How it's impacting nurseriesThe Terrestrial Plants Rule was passed a year before it took effect, giving nursery owners some time to prepare for the changes. Erick Brehob, a manager at Brehob Nurseries, said some of the plants on the rule's list are big sellers for him.  The colorful Japanese barberry, he said, pulls the nursery roughly $60,000 per year, and the low-lying Wintercreeper earns them another $20,000. Yearly, the nursery sells more than 6,000 units of these two plants alone. It's a small portion of the nursery's overall income, Brehob said, but it will have an impact."Any time you take material that we sell and you take it and tell us we can't sell it, it's going to affect us," Brehob said. Even so, Brehob supports the Terrestrial Plants Rule. He understands the need for banning invasive species. However, he said he wishes these two particular plants, the Japanese barberry and Wintercreeper, had been specified further, as he said some species of these plants aren't actually very invasive."It was painted with a broad brush, and I understand," Brehob said. "But as a grower, there should be a little more specificity with the species."Why Gov. Eric Holcomb says 'the state of Indiana is on fire' with COVID-19
Indiana counties in red on coronavirus map double in latest update
Federal judge denies request to halt the execution of Brandon Bernard in IndianaThe banned material at Brehob Nurseries has been shipped out of state in preparation for the new law, Brehob said. Now, the question for nurseries is what plants should take the place of these popular staples."We’ve had to do some research to figure out what other plant material could be grown in place of it, but that's like having a crystal ball in order to predict trends," Brehob said. "You sort of have to wait to see where the market goes.”The bad seed left off the listTo the dismay of many, the ubiquitous Callery pear tree, also known as the Bradford pear, was left off of the list of banned plants. This tree, although filled with beautiful white blossoms in the springtime, is highly invasive, and it has raided Indiana. "It's probably the most commonly sold landscaping tree or ornamental landscaping tree within in the Midwest," Olson said. Aside from choking out other species, these trees are also structurally weak, meaning they often break and cause severe damage whenever a storm rolls through. Lane said much of the damage street departments in Hamilton County deal with is broken Callery pears.When finalizing the plants for the Terrestrial Plants Rule, the state decided the economic impact of banning Callery pears — and the Norway maple, another invasive tree — would be too large on growers. At Brehob Nurseries, Callery pears are one of the highest-selling trees. And yet, Brehob said he would support banning them."Pear trees should have been on the list," Brehob said. "We all agree that they're totally invasive. They're everywhere."Olson said it's not economically responsible to wait to address the issue of Callery pears, as they spread quickly and are expensive to eradicate. “The more the population of that invasive plant grows, thus the more money we need to spend to control that invasive plant," Olson said. "Eventually, it might reach a tipping point where the cost of removing or eradicating that plant is too great to bear."The rule isn't perfect, Sadof said, and draws some criticism from both sides. However, he said it's a good start toward addressing a long-standing issue. “I would like to commend the state for their efforts on passing this legislation," Sadof said. "It is much needed. It is a great first step, there are other places we can go, Callery pears being one of them."Contact IndyStar reporter London Gibson at 317-419-1912 or lbgibson@gannett.com. Follow her on Twitter @londongibson. Connect with IndyStar’s environmental reporters: Join The Scrub on Facebook.IndyStar's environmental reporting project is made possible through the generous support of the nonprofit Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust.View Comments Subscribe Now