https://www.patsplacecac.org/privacy-policy-terms-of-use
Privacy Policy - Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center
donation
Donate Today
mailStay Connected
Who We Are
Pat’s Place History
Child Advocacy Center Model
Staff and Leadership
Board of Directors
Circle of Friends
Employment Opportunities
Community Partners
Financial Information
Media
What
We Do
About
Pat’s Place
Forensic Interviewing
Medical Evaluation
Family Advocacy
Individual and Group Therapy
Prevention and Education
Training Opportunities
Human Trafficking
Project Safe Child
Resources
Prevent Abuse
Signs and Symptoms
Reporting Child Abuse
Preparing Your Child
Get Involved
How Can I Help?
Donate
Advocate
Volunteer
Student Internships
Corporate Engagement
Events
BBQ & Blue Jeans
Everyday Heroes Luncheon
Rhythm & Brews
Buy Event Ticket
Sponsor an Event
Contact
704-335-2760
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. If you have questions about this Donor Privacy Policy or if you wish to alter the type, method, or frequency of our communications to you, please let us know by e-mailing laura@patsplacecac.org or calling 704.335.2760.
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center’s web site are provided “as is”. Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center’s Internet site, even if Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center or a Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our Partners
Sitemap
+ Who We Are
+ What We Do
+ Resources
+ Get Involved
+ Events
+ Contact
Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center
901 East Boulevard Charlotte, NC 28203
704-335-2760
704-335-2768
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Stay current on news and events by subscribing to our e-newsletter. Sign up here!
Email * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Pats. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Pat's Place Child Advocacy Center, 901 East Boulevard, Charlotte, NC, 28203, http://www.patsplacecac.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Copyright © 2017 Pat’s Place Child Advocacy Center, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Digital Momentum