http://www.djburke.com/privacy.aspx
Client Login
HomeAbout UsClientsServicesHealthcare DivisionNewsContact Us
<< Previous Page
We Respect Your Privacy
The Burke Group is committed to respecting your privacy. We've structured our Web site so that, in general, you can visit The Burke Group on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with The Burke Group.
Awareness. The Burke Group provides this Online Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and from the bottom of every page on our Web site.
What we collect. Upon logging onto our Web server, our Web server automatically recognizes your domain name but not your email address (where possible). We will collect the domain name from which you log on, aggregate information on what pages you access or visit, user-specific information on what pages you access or visit and information volunteered by you (such as survey information and/or site registrations).
We do not collect your email address unless you contact us by email or volunteer your email address and other personal information.
We do collect "cookies" to store your preferences and record session information.
In order to tailor our subsequent communications to you and continuously improve our services, we may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences.
How we use it. The Burke Group uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, to update you on services and benefits, and to personalize our Web sites for you.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you with program information we think would be of particular interest. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such direct marketing contact. We will also follow local requirements, such as allowing you to opt in before receiving unsolicited contact, where applicable.
Whom we share it with. The Burke Group will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law.
Choice. The Burke Group will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first letting you know and offering you a choice. As previously stated, we will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited direct marketing materials from us and we will do everything we can to honor such requests.
Your permission is always secured first, should we ever share your information with third parties that are not acting on our behalf and governed by our privacy policy.
Security. The Burke Group is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Future Developments. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. We will only use data collected after a policy has changed for the new purposes.
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us.
-top of page-
Home | Labor Relations Consultants | Labor Relations Training NLRB Elections | Union Avoidance | Union Card Signing | Labor Consultants | Management AuditContact Us | Client Login | Privacy Policy | Consultant Login | Sitemap
TEL: 800-77-Burke | All material ©2004 The Burke Group unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved.