https://www.grandlodgescotland.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsYou are here: Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address). Contact information from the order form is used to respond to questions only. All credit card details are gathered via a secure payment processing system thereby reducing the risks associated with on-line fraud.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. These include: Anti-hacking tools, Firewall technologies, Secure Certificates, data encryption, SSL and Disk backups. Please contact us If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact info@grandlodgeofscotland.org. However, no warranty is given by Grand Lodge of Scotland as to the efficiency of such security measures.
Freemasons’ Hall, 96 George Street, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH2 3DH
T: 0131 225 5577
© Copyright 2018 Grand Lodge of Antient Free and Accepted Masons of Scotland
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Please note that due to the COVID-19 restrictions, any orders placed in our online shop will not be distributed until after lock down is lifted. Dismiss