https://www.univchristianchurch.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy & Policy
By: Crystal George
On: October 18, 2017
Privacy Policy:
univchristianchurch ("univchristianchurch")
operates univchristianchurch.com and may operate other websites. It
is univchristianchurch's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, univchristianchurch collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. univchristianchurch's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how univchristianchurch's visitors use its website. From time to
time, univchristianchurch may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
univchristianchurch also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on univchristianchurch.com
blogs/sites. univchristianchurch only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to univchristianchurch's websites choose to interact
with univchristianchurch in ways that require univchristianchurch to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that univchristianchurch gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at univchristianchurch.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with univchristianchurch are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, univchristianchurch collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
univchristianchurch. univchristianchurch does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
univchristianchurch may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. univchristianchurch may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, univchristianchurch does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
univchristianchurch discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on univchristianchurch's behalf or to provide services available
at univchristianchurch's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using univchristianchurch's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. univchristianchurch will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, univchristianchurch discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when univchristianchurch believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of univchristianchurch, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an univchristianchurch website and have supplied your email address, univchristianchurch
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with univchristianchurch and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. univchristianchurch takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. univchristianchurch uses cookies to
help univchristianchurch identify and track visitors, their usage of univchristianchurch
website, and their website access preferences. univchristianchurch visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using univchristianchurch's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of univchristianchurch's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If univchristianchurch, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that univchristianchurch goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of univchristianchurch may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by univchristianchurch and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, univchristianchurch may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in univchristianchurch's sole
discretion. univchristianchurch encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a univchristianchurch.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
2017-10-18
SearchCategories
Blog
Christmas Dinner
Christmas Gifting
Online Shopping
Popular Information
Christian Dating: List of 8 Do’s and Don’ts
Mattie Stepanek – The Boy Who Inspired for Peace
Saving Money With Marriott Promo Codes
Recent Posts
Tax Breaks For Donating Junk Cars To Your Church
Donate Your Junk Car To Your Church
Top Two Dishes Which Are A Must For Christmas Dinner
Top Products That People Choose For Christmas Gifting
Where To Shop For Christmas Presents This Year?
Designed using Juxter. Powered by WordPress.