http://www.newlondonregalia.com/pages/company-policies-terms
Search
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Catalog
+
-
* NEW ITEMS *
AMD
Aprons
Banners
Blue Lodge
Council
Chapter
Chapter Pennies
Consistory
Costumes
Knight Mason
Knights of St John
Knight Templar
Lapel Pins
Miscellaneous Items
Order of Eastern Star & Heroines of Templar Crusad
Red Cross of Constantine
Shrine
Swords
Sword Scabbard Mounts
Hitch Cover
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Downloads
Policies
+
-
Company Policies & Terms
Site Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Links
Contact Us
Log in
Create account
Search
Company Policies & Terms
Mission Statement
New London Regalia Manufacturing Company, Inc., has been tailoring regalia and related apparel for Masonic organizations since 1981.  In 1999 New London Regalia was purchased from the original owner by Thomas Creative Apparel, Inc. who has been manufacturing choral, judicial and clergy robes since 1972.  With a larger and more modern manufacturing facility, New London Regalia and Thomas Creative Apparel were able to consolidate their resources as well as merging a great wealth of employee product knowledge and skill.
One thing that has not changed is quality and servicing our customers.  Our service representatives are ready to assist you with designs, fabrics, colors, trims, pricing, measuring and sending samples for your inspection.  This is all done at no cost or obligation to you.  You will notice a quick response time to orders and requests and a prompt and timely production schedule.
Company Policies
Custom made items such as uniforms, costumes, caps, etc., may be returned in the first thirty (30) days, but only with written approval from our company.  Our company will have the right to correct or exchange merchandise returned.  Any item returned for credit or exchange will be subject to a 15% restock charge.
Prices subject to  change without notice.
Terms
Visa, MasterCard and Discover cards are accepted.
Credit will be granted on a case by case basis to parent organizations based on prior order history. A minimum deposit of 50% must be sent with each order.
All individuals placing orders will be required to prepay orders by check, money order, or credit card.
There is a minimum charge of $6.50 for shipping and handling of each order.
No changes, cancellations or refunds will be accepted once an order has been cut for production. Any modifications from this is at our company's discretion.
Ohio residents must submit a signed Tax Exemption certificate with an order if the sale is tax exempt.
Any statement past due (beyond the net 30 day basis) will be assessed a monthly finance charge of 1 1/2% (18% per annum). A copy of the statement of account will be forwarded to the Secretary of the parent organization.
Ordering
Be sure to list name and number of each item, stating quantity and color desired.  Also, head and waist sizes when necessary.  Please include a phone number where you can be reached during business hours in case we need additional information.
Our office is open Monday through Friday 8 A.M. to 4:30 P.M.
It is recommended you call ahead for an appointment if traveling to our facility.