https://www.mnparalegals.org/Disclaimer-and-Privacy-Policy
Log in
Home
About
Leaders
Board of Directors
Committee Chairs
Sectional Leaders
Chapter Directors
Open Leadership Positions
Self-Nomination Form
Sectionals
Greater Minnesota Chapters
Pro Bono
Code of Ethics
Membership
Join
Sponsors
Sponsor Directory
Employers
Regulation
PACE & PCCE
Minnesota CRPs and RPs
Minnesota Certified Paralegal
MnCP FAQ
MnCP Application
Credentialed MnCPs
MnCP Renewal
Events
Paralegal Week
Education
Paralegal Programs
Student Affiliation Program
Contact
Disclaimer & Privacy Policy
Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
The Minnesota Paralegal Association (“MPA”) does not offer legal advice. The materials on this website are offered for information purposes only. Do not act or rely upon any of the resources and information available in or from MPA’s website without seeking professional legal advice. The transmission of information from MPA’s website is not intended to create nor does it in fact create an attorney-client relationship between MPA and receiving parties.
MPA is providing the information on this web site, including links to other sources, as a service to its members and others who may find it of interest. It is for informational purposes only.
Use of the information on this web site is at the sole risk of the user. MPA makes no warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied regarding this information. In no event will MPA become liable for (1) any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the services and/or information, even if MPA or any of its agents or representatives has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (2) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies or interruption in the services and/or information accessed through this web site.
The information on this web site is perpetually under development; MPA shall not be liable for any consequences of the user’s reliance thereupon.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Please note that this policy is subject to change.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Minnesota Paralegal Association Web site. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to attend events. Following are the types of personal information collected at these pages:
Name
Employer
Practice area
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Phone/fax numbers
Credit/Debit Card Information
Credit Card information is used only in connection with the particular transaction authorized by you and is not retained for any purpose.
When you use the public areas of our Web site, you are doing so anonymously.
The Way We Use Information
We do collect aggregate use information, such as the number of hits per page, for internal and marketing use only.
Your name and contact information is made available to other MPA members in the password protected members-only section. The online directory is solely for the personal use of MPA members. Use of information from the online directory by any individual or entity for direct mail, surveys, solicitations or recruitment purposes is STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
We use the information you provide about yourself when conducting a transaction to complete that transaction only. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your request or as provided in Section 11 of the Policies & Procedures Manual (Mailing List Policy).
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive and communicate with our members. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties, except as provided in Section 11 of the Policies & Procedures Manual (Mailing List Policy).
Finally, we never use your mailing list information without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such use.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (651) 633-2778 or write to info@mnparalegals.org
Return/Refund Policy
All membership applications are subject to review and approval by the Director of Membership. In the event an applicant does not meet MPA’s membership criteria, any dues paid will be refunded in full. Otherwise, membership dues paid to MPA are non-refundable, except in the instances of duplicate payment or overpayment.
Generally, registration fees for MPA sponsored events are fully refundable if the refund request is received, in writing, at least 48 hours prior to the event. Specific events may have different refund deadlines. In such cases, the refund policy will be clearly spelled out in the registration form for that event.
Who we are
About
Board of Directors
Committee Chairs
Sectional Chairs
Chapter Directors
Sponsors
What we do
Minnesota Certified ParalegalSectionals
Greater Minnesota ChaptersEvents
Pro Bono/Community ServiceNational Certification
Why join us
Member BenefitsResourcesJoin MPABecome a SponsorNFPA Member InformationContact Us
© Copyright 2017 Minnesota Paralegal Association.The Minnesota Paralegal Association is a 501(c)6 non-profit organization. 2345 Rice Street, Suite 220, St. Paul, MN 55113P: 651-633-2778 F: 651-317-8048 E: info@mnparalegals.orgDisclaimer and Privacy Policy
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software