http://www.socialist.net/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=7778:cookies-policy&catid=120
Details
Socialist Appeal
23 May 2018
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use them, how third-parties we may partner with may use them, your choices regarding them and further relevant information.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use them, how third-parties we may partner with may use them, your choices regarding them and further relevant information.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use them, how third-parties we may partner with may use them, your choices regarding them and further relevant information.
What are cookies?
Cookies are simple ’text files’. Typically, they contain two pieces of information: a site name and unique user ID. They cannot harm your computer and do not contain any information that enables us to identify you personally. They are sent to your web browser by a website allowing the third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the website more useful.
There are ‘persistent’ and ‘session’ cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the website
To provide analytics
Information obtained by cookies can be used to make the website work, to identify which parts of the site can work better or to analyze how often people visit the site and what they look at.
We use cookies on this site to improve functionality. We will not associate data with any personally identifying information that you may choose to provide us with by other means. We use cookies on our website to enhance its technical functioning and to collect non-personal information about your use of the site so that we can enhance your experience.
We clearly state our use of cookies on this site, with a link to this policy. By using this website we understand that you have read this policy and agree to us sending you cookies.
If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your internet browser to refuse cookies (although it will affect the functionality of the site and your experience).
When you use and access the service, we may place a number of cookie files in your web browser.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics, deliver advertisements and so on.
Social media cookies
We use social media platforms. Our presence on Twitter, Facebook, Google and YouTube communities strengthens our online presence and visibility.
You can watch videos, which we upload (embed) to our YouTube page. You can also follow links from our website to social media platforms.
In order to watch a video on our website, a message will alert you that you need to accept YouTube cookies.
YouTube has its own cookie and privacy policies, over which we have no control. There is no installation of cookies from YouTube until you consent to YouTube cookies.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses cookies, to help the website analyze how users interact with the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
In the case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union, as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.
On behalf of the website provider, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
However, we point out that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Opting out
By default, the browsing experience of website visitors is tracked by Google Analytics in order to produce anonymised statistics.
Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available here.
Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so-called IP-masking).
Do not track is a function that allows visitors to opt out from being tracked by websites for any purpose, including the use of analytics services, advertising networks and social platforms. Do not track options are available in a number of browsers including:
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Opera
If you enable do not track in your web browser, Google Analytics will respect your choice. You will not be tracked. This is in addition to you opting-out of the aggregation and analysis of data for our website statistics.
If you have disabled all cookies from your browser, we will still collect some general data about your browsing (e.g. a record of a visitor to our website) but this will be less accurate and your visit will not be tracked.
What are your choices regarding cookies?
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google.
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft.
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla.
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple.
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.
Where can you find more information about cookies?
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies
Network Advertising Initiative