http://www.jointogether.org/article/privacy-policy/
The Latest News from Our Field
We curate a digest of the latest news in our field for advocates, policymakers, community coalitions and all who work toward shaping policies and practices to effectively prevent substance use and treat addiction.
McKinsey Apologizes for Its Work With OxyContin Maker Purdue Pharma
Consulting firm McKinsey & Company issued an apology this week for its work with OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma, The New York Times reports.
House Passes Bill Decriminalizing Marijuana at the Federal Level
The House passed a bill that would decriminalize marijuana at the federal level. The Senate is unlikely to pass the measure, CBS News reports.
Vaping Rates Among Teens and Young Adults Have Fallen During Pandemic
A new survey has found vaping rates among teens and young adults have dropped significantly during the pandemic.
Non-Fatal Overdoses Increase in Children Younger Than 15
Non-fatal drug overdoses increased for children under the age of 15 between 2016 and 2019, according to a study published in Pediatrics.
WHO Sets Goal: Get 100 Million People to Quit Tobacco Worldwide in 2021
The World Health Organization announced a year-long campaign, “Commit to Quit,” to help 100 million people quit tobacco worldwide.
Consulting Firm McKinsey Suggested OxyContin Maker Pay Rebates for Overdoses
The consulting firm McKinsey & Company advised members of the Sackler family, the owners of OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma, to consider giving the company’s distributors a rebate for every overdose attributable to the pills they sold, according to documents released in a federal bankruptcy court.
OxyContin Maker Purdue Pharma Pleads Guilty to Criminal Charges in Opioid Case
Purdue Pharma pleaded guilty to federal criminal charges related to the marketing and distribution of its opioid painkiller OxyContin, The New York Times reports.
United Nations Removes Marijuana from List of the World’s Most Dangerous Drugs
The United Nations this week voted to remove marijuana from its list of the world’s most dangerous drugs.
One-Fifth of U.S. Adults Used Tobacco Products in 2019
One-fifth of U.S. adults — 50.6 million people — used tobacco products in 2019, according to a new government report.
Virtual A.A. Sessions Likely to Outlast the Pandemic
Virtual sessions of Alcoholics Anonymous, which have become common during the pandemic, are likely to become a permanent part of recovery, according to participants and addiction treatment providers.
Judge Approves $8.3 Billion Settlement With OxyContin Maker Purdue Pharma
This week a federal bankruptcy judge authorized a settlement valued at $8.3 billion between OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma and the Department of Justice, NPR reports.
Supervising Drug Consumption at Needle Exchange Program Would Save Lives: Study
Supervising drug consumption at a needle exchange program in Boston would save three to four lives a year, and more than $4 million, according to a new report.
Fentanyl Deaths Increase in Western U.S.
A new study finds fentanyl deaths have increased in states west of the Mississippi River, according to NPR.
Bipartisan Support for Marijuana Legalization Grows Across Country
A recent Gallup poll and the passage of state marijuana legalization measures indicate that bipartisan support for legalization is growing, AP reports.
New York Excise Tax Makes It Harder To Fill Opioid Prescriptions
After New York State implemented an excise tax on many opioids in July 2019, some patients have had difficulty filling opioid prescriptions, Kaiser Health News reports.
Proposed $26 Billion Deal Would End Thousands of Opioid Lawsuits
A large drug company and three major drug distributors have proposed a $26 billion deal with state and local governments that sued them for their role in the opioid crisis. If the deal is finalized, the companies would be shielded from future opioid-related lawsuits from these governments, The New York Times reports.
House To Vote on Bill That Would Remove Federal Penalties on Marijuana
The U.S. House will vote next month on a measure to remove federal penalties on marijuana, Politico reports.
U.S. Sees Dramatic Rise in Alcohol and Drug Misuse, Suicidal Thoughts and Behaviors
A new study finds “diseases of despair,” including alcohol and drug misuse and suicidal thoughts and behaviors, rose dramatically in the United States between 2009 and 2018.
Democratic Senators Oppose Effort To Convert Purdue Pharma to Public Asset
A group of Democratic senators is urging the Justice Department to drop its efforts to convert OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma into a public asset, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Study Finds One-Third of People Who Vape Have Symptoms of Lung Injury
One-third of people who use e-cigarettes report having one or more symptoms of vaping-related lung injury, according to a new study.
Oregon Voters Approve Drug Decriminalization
Oregon has become the first state to decriminalize possession of small amounts of drugs such as heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine, CBS News reports.
Pandemic Is Worsening Opioid Epidemic: American Medical Association
Evidence is mounting that the COVID-19 pandemic is worsening the opioid epidemic, according to the American Medical Association.
Recreational Marijuana Legalization Measures Pass in Four States
Arizona, Montana, New Jersey and South Dakota passed recreational marijuana legalization measures on Tuesday, USA Today reports.
Experts: Tell Public How To Manage Stress Without Alcohol During Pandemic
Public health messages are needed to educate people about how to manage stress and anxiety without using alcohol during the pandemic, according to addiction experts at McLean Hospital.
Study Finds the Hallucinogen Psilocybin May Treat Major Depression
A new small study finds the hallucinogenic drug psilocybin was more effective than standard antidepressants in treating major depressive disorder, NPR reports.
1
2
3
…
328
next
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
DOUBLE YOUR IMPACT
Your gift will be matched today through the end of the year, helping us provide support and services to twice as many families.
Donate now
No, thanks. Take me to the website.