http://www.publiccounsel.org/privacy_policy
About Us
Overview
Mission
Staff
Board
Supporters
Employment & Internships
Offices
Annual Report
Practice Areas
Appellate Law
Center for Veterans' Advancement
Children's Rights
Community Development
Consumer Rights & Economic Justice
Early Care & Education
Education Rights
Homelessness Prevention
Immigrants' Rights
Opportunity Under Law
Audrey Irmas Project for Women and Girls Rights
News
Press Releases
Our Stories
News Clips
Publications
Video
Services
Take Action
Support Us
Volunteer
Join Our List
Events
Contact Us
Offices
Media Inquiries
Blog
Privacy Policy
Public Counsel is committed to protecting your privacy online.  This privacy policy explains the information we may collect through your use of this site, and how we use, share, and store that information.
This Privacy Policy is part of our Terms and Conditions of Use. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions, which can be found here. Please read the complete Terms of Conditions, including this Privacy Policy, before using this web site.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect your Personal Information only when you provide it to us voluntarily through various activities on this web site. "Personal Information" includes your name, organization, mailing address, telephone and fax numbers, credit card information and e-mail address.  If at any time you prefer to provide such information by phone, fax, or in writing, please visit the Contact Us section of this web site.
For example, Public Counsel's web site contains pages where you can make a donation to support Public Counsel.  We contract with an outside provider to process these transactions.  This provider uses a secure server so your credit card number and other personal information will be encrypted and will remain confidential.
Public Counsel's web site also contains pages where you can join our e-mail newsletter, and may contain pages where you can register for a seminar or clinic, fill out an application for legal services, apply for an internship, or send an email inquiry.
By submitting your Personal Information through this web site, you give your consent to Public Counsel's collection, use, and disclosure of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. We will use your Personal Information to fulfill your request or other purpose for which you provided it. We may also use it for such purposes as sending you, either electronically or through the U.S. mail, information about our programs, services, and upcoming events as well as other materials that we think may be of interest to you.  At any time, you may request that we discontinue sending you these communications by contacting us with your request as described in the Contact Us section.
Public Counsel does not sell, trade, transfer, lease, or rent any Personal Information to any third party except as authorized by you or as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. To provide services to you, we may share your Personal Information with third parties, such as those who facilitate activities on this web site or our programs. For example, we may share your Personal Information with service providers that coordinate our mailings and email newsletters.  We may also share your information with volunteers who provide services at the seminar or clinic for which you have registered. We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes and will require our service providers not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes without your consent.
Public Counsel reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information to respond to a subpoena, court, search warrant, or other legal process, to defend Public Counsel against legal claims, or for other reasons that we determine in good faith are necessary or appropriate. Public Counsel may transfer Personal Information to its successors or assigns, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
To provide us with updates in your Personal Information, to modify your preferences regarding supplying your information to third parties, to be removed from mailing lists, or to have your Personal Information removed from our database, contact us with your information or request as described in the Contact Us section of this Site.
At any time, you can contact us if you need to correct your information or want to be removed from any of our lists.
Cookies and other Aggregate Information
"Cookies" are small text files that a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate ongoing access to and use of the website, and allow a website to track usage and collect aggregate data in order to improve the website. This web site may set ‘cookies" to automatically track data and non-personal information about users.
Public Counsel may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the web site, track volume of usage, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to any user's personal information. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of this web site and to help make the web site more useful.
Public Counsel's web site contains links to other sites.  There is a possibility that those sites may use cookies to collect a visitor's personal information.  We cannot control the use of cookies by sites linked to our site and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other sites.
Security
Public Counsel uses reasonable precautions to host and maintain this web site in a secure manner and to safeguard it from unauthorized access. However, no transmission through the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure, so you submit information at your own risk. If you send us an e-mail, it is not necessarily secure against interception.
We strive to ensure that your visit to our Site is a satisfactory one and that your privacy is respected. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please visit the Contact Us section of this Site.
Effective Date of Policy
The effective Date of this Privacy Policy is September 17, 2010.  This policy may be updated as industry practices change and develop.  We invite you to check back here or contact us at any time to obtain updates.
Home  |  About Us  |  Practice Areas  |  News  |  Services  |  Take Action  |  Contact Us  |  Blog  |  Donate  |  Volunteer  |  Attorney Advertising
©2012 Public Counsel. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  |  Terms & Conditions
Site by: Trilogy