http://www.flsheriffs.org/privacy-and-refund-policy
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Contact Us
Search
Become a Member
Privacy & Refund Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our electronic and print publications or donate towards membership or any FSA supported program.
To fulfill your needs, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and/or payment information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience - Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve customer service - Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions - Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic direct mail or emails – The address(es) you provide may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your donation or order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit or access your personal information.
We use a secure server to maintain our data. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private financial information will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers' systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in conducting our business or servicing you so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect our or others’ rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We are in compliance with the standards defined for data protection in the GDPR effective May 25, 2018. By providing an email address, you consent to receive e-communications such as the FSA Weekly Insight e-newsletter, Membership Notifications, Public Service Briefs and FSA Program Campaigns with the knowledge that you can unsubscribe at any time via the unsubscribe link provided in each communication. You may also unsubscribe by emailing membership@flsheriffs.org.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA; we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our website and/or providing your information, you consent to our privacy and refund policy.
Donation & Members-Only Product Refund Policy
If you have made an error in making your donation, change your mind about contributing to the Florida Sheriffs Association or you do not want the members-only auto tag, lapel pin or license plate frame you purchased, we will honor your request for a refund made within 15 days of the payment. Products must be received by FSA in new condition before the refund will be issued. To request a refund, please call 850-877-2165 or email us at membership@flsheriffs.org. Refunds are returned using the original method of payment. If you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.
Recurring Donation Refund Policy
Donors have the option to give recurring donations. FSA will honor your request for a refund made within 15 days of your donation. See Donation & Members-Only Product Refund Policy above.
FSA Store Return & Exchange Policy
Proceeds from the FSA Store benefit FSA’s mission as a self-sustaining, charitable organization serving the sheriffs through training, advocacy, legal advice, and promoting public safety and crime prevention. Due to the unique nature of the FSA Store, all sales are final and thus non-returnable. Exchanges are permissible if there is a verifiable manufacturer’s defect, or the item was damaged during shipping. Inspect all contents and packaging immediately upon delivery.
Claims for defective or damaged merchandise must be submitted within 30 days of the purchase date. To request an exchange, contact the FSA’s Store manager, CC&Company, at 850-539-3091 or email carolyn@3cprintandpromo.com. The defective or damaged item must be received by CC&Company at PO Box 1038, Havana, FL 32333-1038 within 45 days of the purchase date to proceed with the exchange process. A trackable shipping method such as USPS Priority Mail is recommended. In the event an item is no longer available, a like item of comparable value may be substituted.
Recurring Donation Change Policy
To change or stop your monthly recurring giving, please call the membership manager at 850-877-2165.
Changes to our Privacy & Refund Policy
If we decide to change our privacy and refund policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 2/20/2020. If there are any questions regarding this privacy and refund policy you may contact us using the information below.
info@flsheriffs.org
2617 Mahan Drive
Tallahassee, FL 32308
1-800-877-2168