http://www.millermartin.com/terms-of-use.php
Terms of Use
In some jurisdictions. THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT.
Welcome to Miller & Martin PLLC's ("Miller & Martin" or "we" or "us") website. These Terms of Use constitute your agreement with Miller & Martin about the terms pursuant to which you will visit and use our website. If you do not consent to these Terms of Use, you should not visit or use our website.
Information Provided
While we will occasionally update the material in this website, we do not guarantee that these materials are correct, complete or up-to-date. You should not act or rely on any information in this website without asking an attorney or staff member of Miller & Martin to verify such information. The materials offered on our website are for informational purposes only and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Miller & Martin or any of its attorneys or clients. Use of this website does not create an attorney-client or other confidential relationship between you and Miller & Martin.
The information on our website is not intended to, and does not, constitute legal advice. You should not rely on any information on our website as legal advice and counsel. Instead, you should rely only on the advice and counsel of an attorney representing you on any legal issue you may have.
Our website contains hyperlinks to other resources on the Internet. These are provided as citations and aids to help you identify and locate other Internet resources that may be of interest to you. These hyperlinks are not intended to state or imply, and do not state or imply, that Miller & Martin sponsors, endorses or is affiliated or associated with such other resources or that Miller & Martin is legally authorized to use any trade name, trademark, logo, legal or official seal or copyrighted material that may be reflected in the links. Miller & Martin does not represent or warrant that information contained in those links is reliable or accurate.
Miller & Martin maintains offices in Tennessee, Georgia and North Carolina and has lawyers licensed to practice in a number of jurisdictions in addition to those three states. You can determine in which jurisdiction a Miller & Martin attorney is licensed under the "Bar Admissions" section of each attorney's biography on this website. No attorney at the firm intends to practice law in any jurisdiction in which he or she is not licensed.
Caution regarding Communication with Miller & Martin
The hiring of an attorney is an important decision and should not be based solely upon the information on this website. Your initial contact with us through this website or by any other means should contain only generalized, non-private information which would not harm you if disclosed. You should not provide us any confidential information or discuss details with us about a matter in which we do not already represent you until we have determined that we would not have a conflict of interest if we were to represent you and invite you to give us the details of your issue. If we have not made such determination and have not invited you to tell us details, your communication may not be treated as privileged or confidential.
Moreover, you should be aware that the transmission of an e-mail request for information or any initial communication by any means seeking information about Miller & Martin does not create an attorney-client relationship. If you desire to speak with us in detail about a matter for which we do not represent you, we will first run a conflict check. If we determine there is no conflict and we wish to consider representing you, we will ask you to provide us details of your issue. At this point you can tell us the details of your legal matter and we will protect the confidentiality of such communication as required by the appropriate state's disciplinary rules. Once we have sufficient facts and details, we will determine whether to accept representation of you. Only after we accept representation of you in writing will there be an attorney-client relationship.
If you are a client communicating with us about a matter in which we already represent you, we will keep the communication confidential as required by the ethics rules governing our profession, but remember that email may not be secure unless adequately encrypted.
Certification of Attorneys' Specialties
As you review the biographies of our attorneys, you should be aware that some states have a procedure to certify that an attorney is a specialist in any area of the law. As an example, the Tennessee Commission on C.L.E. and Specialization certifies Tennessee attorneys as specialists in the following areas: Civil Trial, Criminal Trial, Business Bankruptcy, Consumer Bankruptcy, Creditor's Rights, Medical Malpractice, Legal Malpractice, Accounting Malpractice, Elder Law, Estate Planning, Family Law, Juvenile Law, DUI Defense and Social Security Disability. Georgia does not have such procedures.
Many of our attorneys have extensive expertise in certain areas and could be certified as specialists in certain areas of law if such a procedure were to exist in their jurisdiction. The descriptions of the experience and practices of our attorneys appearing on this website, however, do not mean or imply, and are not intended to imply, that any given attorney has been certified as a specialist in any field of law unless it is specifically stated the attorney has been certified as a specialist by the appropriate body. If a Miller & Martin attorney has received a certification from any recognized body, his or her biography will specifically state this.
You should also know that our attorneys who indicate they are licensed to practice before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO") have passed a special bar exam (in addition to the normal state bar exam) for this license and to that extent are certified as qualified to practice before the USPTO.
Copyright and Reproduction Rights:
Reproduction of part or all of the contents of our website in any form is prohibited other than for individual use only and may not be recopied and shared with a third party except for purposes of evaluating the firm to serve as counsel. This reproduction right does not permit incorporation of such material or any part of it in any work or publication, whether in hard copy, electronic or any other form.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains how we use and share information we obtain as a result of your visit to our website, including any personally identifiable information you may provide to us, and is incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference. You should review our Privacy Policy. Your visit and use of our website constitutes your consent and agreement to our Privacy Policy.
Principal Office
To the extent that bar rules in any jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office and an attorney responsible for the content of this website, Miller & Martin designates its office at the Volunteer Building Suite 1200; 832 Georgia Avenue; Chattanooga, Tennessee 37402-2289, USA as its office and James M. Haley IV as the attorney responsible for the content of the website.
Changes to these Terms of Use
We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms of Use at any time, without notice. Such changes will be incorporated into a revised Terms of Use posted on our website when they become effective. The current version of these Terms of Use supersedes any prior versions.
Effective Date
These Terms of Use were last revised on October 13, 2016.