http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/16/us/politics/gingrichs-health-care-policy-history-at-odds-with-gop.html?_r=1&hp
Politics|Gingrich Push on Health Care Appears at Odds With G.O.P.AdvertisementContinue reading the main storyShortly before the passage of President Obama’s stimulus bill in 2009, Newt Gingrich’s political committee put out a video of Mr. Gingrich denouncing it as a “big politician, big bureaucracy, pork-laden bill.”“It should be stopped,” he said.But at the same time, Mr. Gingrich was cheering a $19 billion part of the package that promoted the use of electronic health records, something that benefited clients of his consulting business. “I am delighted that President Obama has picked this as a key part of the stimulus package,” he told health care executives in a January 2009 conference call.After the bill was passed a month later, Mr. Gingrich’s consultancy, the Center for Health Transformation, joined two of its clients, Allscripts and Microsoft, in an “Electronic Health Records Stimulus Tour” that traveled the country, encouraging doctors and hospitals to buy their products with the billions in new federal subsidies. “Get Engaged, Get Incentives,” one promotion read.As Mr. Gingrich runs for president, he is working to appeal to Republican primary voters suspicious of big-government activism, especially in the realm of health care. But interviews and a review of records show how active Mr. Gingrich has been in promoting a series of recent programs that have given the government a bigger hand in the delivery of health care, and at the same time benefited his clients.During the Bush administration, he was a leading Republican advocate for the costly expansion of Medicare, which many in his party now regret. And he and his center pushed some policies that are reflected in Mr. Obama’s health care record — a record Mr. Gingrich regularly criticizes on the campaign trail. All the while, his center functioned as a sort of high-priced club where companies joined him in working the corridors of power in Washington and in state capitals.Mr. Gingrich did not respond to questions for this article. But a spokeswoman for the center said in an e-mail that Mr. Gingrich was a health care “visionary” who, for instance, supported electronic health records “BEFORE it ever came up for discussion by the president or anyone else.”Mr. Gingrich’s chief Republican rival, Mitt Romney, has found himself on the defensive among conservatives for signing a universal health care law when he was governor of Massachusetts. But Mr. Gingrich has his own history with health care policy, part of which puts him at odds with many Republican voters.Mr. Gingrich’s ideas and the interests of his clients are often intertwined. When President George W. Bush and some Congressional Republicans were seeking to block renewal of the State Children’s Health Insurance Program in 2007, Mr. Gingrich met with his former conservative House colleagues, arguing that inaction could unfairly harm children. At the time his center was being paid hundreds of thousands of dollars a year by major drug makers and insurers, groups that would have been harmed by a lapse in the program.ImageAs a candidate, Newt Gingrich, second from front, is criticizing some of the same programs that he supported as a consultant.Credit...Josh Haner/The New York TimesWhen he urged Republicans to support the Bush administration’s expansion of Medicare’s prescription drug benefit, he worked to ensure that it would cover new diabetes treatments sold by Novo Nordisk, a Danish drug company and a founding member of Mr. Gingrich’s center.More broadly, he has indicated his agreement with the most controversial aspect of President Obama’s heath care plan, the requirement that every American buy health insurance. Although he now says he is opposed to the so-called individual mandate, in a May 2009 conference call — previously unreported — he told health care executives, “We believe there should be must-carry; that is, everybody should have health insurance, or if you’re an absolute libertarian, we would allow you to post a bond.”Mr. Gingrich also worked with former Senator Tom Daschle, an early health policy adviser to Mr. Obama, to write a forward to the center’s book on the expansion of electronic health records. “It’s fair to say he was supportive of the goals of health care reform,” Mr. Daschle wrote in a brief e-mail exchange. “And I felt that we were in agreement on some of the principles.”Mr. Gingrich has defended his support for the prescription drug benefit, and other health care spending, by saying that present costs will be more than offset by future savings. And a spokeswoman for his company, the Center for Health Transformation, Susan Meyers, reiterated Mr. Gingrich’s assertion that he does not lobby. But his dealings with Novo Nordisk show how his center’s policy advocacy could blend with the narrower objectives of its paying members.Separate from its $200,000-a-year charter membership in the center, Novo Nordisk, the world’s largest producer of insulin, hired Mr. Gingrich to help “position itself as a thought leader” in an initiative to raise awareness of diabetes. A research document prepared in 2003 by the Gingrich Group, a consulting firm related to the health care center, noted that in improving treatment, the company wished to also emphasize insulin-delivery devices that “offer better financial return for Novo.”Mr. Gingrich’s health center went on to help Novo Nordisk create a national diabetes campaign, and worked to shape government policies toward the disease. According to a presentation by a Gingrich aide to health care executives in 2004, the center was “working to insure” that Medicare covered insulin products manufactured by Novo Nordisk, and Mr. Gingrich planned to meet with members of Congress “to help them develop priorities” on fighting diabetes.In its annual report to shareholders, Novo Nordisk listed its work with Mr. Gingrich under the category of public-policy activities, noting: “Such activities are often referred to as lobbying.”But a Novo Nordisk spokesman, Ken Inchausti, said Mr. Gingrich actually did no lobbying for the firm.ImageAllscripts, a Gingrich client, gave talks on how stimulus money helped its electronic health records business.Credit...Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions“He was providing us with guidance and strategic advice on how best we could inform policy makers,” Mr. Inchausti said, adding that Mr. Gingrich had valuable insights because of his work on diabetes while in Congress.The devices were ultimately covered. Dr. Mark McClellan, President Bush’s administrator of Medicare and Medicaid Services at the time, said that he did not remember Mr. Gingrich specifically bringing up diabetes issues, but that he had various interactions with Mr. Gingrich.“A lot of people including Newt had some views and some clients who cared about the issues that we were dealing with,” he said. “I do remember having a lot of discussions about what should and shouldn’t be covered.”Mr. Gingrich also worked with Dr. McClellan and other Bush administration health officials on electronic records.“Newt and I had many conversations,” said Dr. David J. Brailer, the Bush administration’s national health technology coordinator. “Because of Newt’s involvement, you dealt with a significant amount of creativity — they had a lot of creative ideas of how it could work and how it should work.”Over the years, Mr. Gingrich accumulated more and more clients with an interest in building a national electronic health records system: Allscripts, Siemens, Microsoft and GE Healthcare.Certainly, his belief in the importance of electronic health records fit with his futurist bent. Huge advances in technology, the argument goes, can enable doctors from different hospitals, different fields and even in different states to work off a single electronic file that would include every medical decision and diagnosis in a given patient’s history. Mr. Gingrich was among leaders of both parties who argued that the technology would save lives and billions of dollars while also providing a huge database of results to judge the efficacy of treatments.Mr. Gingrich found common cause with Hillary Rodham Clinton, then a senator from New York; Mr. Daschle, with whom he wrote the introduction to the center’s book, “Paper Kills 2.0”; and Senator Sheldon D. Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island.ImageMr. Gingrich worked with Tom Daschle, a former senator, on expanding electronic health care records.Credit...WTTG-Fox5Shortly before Mr. Obama’s election in 2008, Mr. Whitehouse and Mr. Gingrich wrote an opinion article in The Washington Times calling for a national, electronic health information system. They also called for the creation of a “comparative effectiveness institute” that could use the network to “collect and understand the best practices of the country’s best providers of care.” Such an institute, they wrote, “could not only educate other providers on how to improve, but also inform policy makers on how to design policy that promotes these best practices.”When President Obama proposed spending tens of billions on developing just such a system, Mr. Gingrich wrote in The New York Post in mid-January 2009, “The president-elect should be applauded for making this vital priority a key part of his economic stimulus plan.”Mr. Gingrich’s chief health aide, David Merritt, was invited to testify before a Senate panel on privacy issues related to the creation of the system. During that testimony, Mr. Merritt told the senators, among them Mr. Whitehouse, that while protecting privacy was important, “I think that as we move forward with comparative effectiveness and evidence-based medicine, we need as much data as possible.”When the bill passed, providing more than $19 billion in incentives and grants to help health care providers buy electronic systems, the center and its health technology clients were in a celebratory mood. In presentations to investors, the Allscripts chief executive, Glen Tullman, called it “the most expansive opportunity in our company’s history,” and “more money coming into a segment than we’ve ever seen.”In order for Allscripts and other health care systems makers to benefit from incentives and grants, they would need to make sure potential customers knew they were eligible for the cash. And so, joining with industry partners — including another center client, Microsoft — it embarked on an “E.H.R. Stimulus Tour,” visiting cities and providing Webcasts.In one of the Webcasts, Mr. Merritt joined with Mr. Tullman and the Allscripts marketing chief to walk through the stimulus bill incentives.When The Wall Street Journal editorial board, in January 2009, criticized the bill for creating a Federal Coordinating Council for Comparative Effectiveness Research, the center was there to defend it. The Journal argued that eventually “the comparative effectiveness outfit will start to ration care to control costs.” In a statement for the center, Mr. Merritt had said that while those fears were understandable, “that argument is not currently justifiable in the specific language of the bill.”The following August, however, the coordinating council came in for added scrutiny as conservative health care opponents rallied against its creation in angry town-hall-style meetings and online, playing into fears of “death panels.”Around the same time, Mr. Gingrich reversed his call for a “comparative effectiveness institute.”“In our country, the road to dehumanizing, bureaucratic health care rationing,” Mr. Gingrich wrote in Human Events, a conservative publication, that August, “begins with something called comparative effectiveness research.”AdvertisementContinue reading the main storySite Index