http://www.lannicklegal.com/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information – over the Internet, on the telephone, or through our offices – has always been fundamental to the way we do business. We operate on the basis of a Privacy Policy and related procedures that guide the handling of the personal information we collect. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of our clients, candidates, guests, partners and web site visitors and Internet users. This policy and related procedures are consistent with the Canadian Standards Association Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information (herein “CSA Model Code”) and applicable privacy legislation. LRO Staffing’s privacy policy is designed in accordance with the federal Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) and Canada’s Anti-Spam Law (CASL).
Please note, LRO Staffing does not sell or trade any personal information with third parties.
For web-site specific privacy issues, please see paragraph entitled Web-site Privacy
Application
This policy applies to the personal information of candidates, clients, guests, partners and web site visitors and internet users.
Privacy Statement
This policy deals only with personal information handled by LRO Staffing. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, excluding business contact information. The following explains how LRO Staffing handles personal information. LRO Staffing reserves the right to change this policy and it may be updated periodically. These changes may affect our use of your personal information. Accordingly, please check for changes regularly.
Accountability
LRO Staffing (herein “LRO”) is accountable for all personal information under its control. LRO’s privacy officer is our Operations Manager, Deborah Montgomery, who is designated as responsible for LRO’s privacy policy. The privacy officer can be reached by:
Email: dmontgomery@lrostaffing.com
Fax: 613-566-7049
Mail: 601 Bank Street, Suite 200, Ottawa, Ontario, K1S 3T4
Any questions about LRO’s handling of personal information should be directed to the privacy officer. Please see below for more information about the process for referring questions about LRO’s handling of personal information.
Purpose of Personal Information
The purpose for which LRO Staffing collects personal information will be identified at or before the time the information is collected. LRO Staffing may collect personal information for the purpose of:
administering and maintaining an up-to-date database;
information products (surveys and publications), and
any other products or services LRO Staffing may offer from time to time.
LRO Staffing will not use personal information for any other purpose than identified at or before the time collection.
Consent
LRO Staffing seeks consent for all personal information we collect, use and disclose through information provided to individuals prior to collection, or at the time of collection.
If you have voluntarily provided personally identifiable information, including but not limited to, your name, title, phone number, or email address (business or personal), you have assumed an implied business relationship with LRO Staffing and therefore consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as described in this privacy policy. LRO Staffing will not use personally identifiable information for any purpose outside of the implied business relationship. Should LRO Staffing require personal information for a new purpose, we will contact you to seek consent for that new use. Individuals that “Opt-Out” from receiving emails from our company Associates will be unsubscribed upon request. This is in accordance with Canada’s Anti-Spam Law (CASL).
Should you wish to unsubscribe, please send an email request to casl@lrostaffing.com.
Limited for Collecting, Using, Disclosing and Keeping Personal Information
LRO Staffing does not collect, use or disclose personal information of individuals except when individuals give consent and provide the information on a voluntary basis. There may be occasions where more specific personal information is necessary for us to proceed with a request for information, or provide you with a product or service. In such cases, we will provide you with a description on the information we need. In all cases, LRO Staffing limits the amount and type of information collected to only the personal information that is required to provide the individual with the requested information, product, or service. We collect only information that is voluntarily provided by you and undertake that such information will be kept confidential and will only be shared with those individuals or organizations that require it to process your request for information, or provide you with a product or service.
We review the personal information in our possession every six months and retain personal information only if it is necessary to provide the individual with the requested product, service or information or for follow-up action and delete or destroy this information after that time. In some cases, however, legal reporting and retention requirements necessitate that LRO Staffing retain information for a specific amount of time.
LRO Staffing does not sell or trade any personal information with third parties. LRO Staffing may transfer information to service providers where information processing is outsourced by LRO Staffing in the course of its administrative procedures in specific cases. Where personal information is transferred to a service provider for processing, we require the service provider, by way of written agreement, to respect this Privacy Policy and we restrict them from using or disclosing personal information transferred to them for any purpose other than the provision of services to us.
Any personal information that LRO Staffing retains is kept confidential and LRO Staffing takes numerous security measures (e.g. encryption, restricting access to personal information to individuals requiring access, etc.) to protect personal information in our possession.
Safeguarding Personal Information
LRO Staffing respects the privacy of our members, partners, website visitors and Internet users and will protect that privacy as vigorously as possible. We store personal information in electronic and physical files that are secure. Our security measures include secure on and off site storage, restricted access to records and data processing equipment, password protocols and encryption and security software when you order a product or service online. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us electronically. This is especially true for information you transmit to us via e-mail. We have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best efforts to ensure its security on our servers.
Accuracy of and Access to Personal Information Collected
LRO Staffing takes all reasonable steps to keep personal information as accurate, complete, current and relevant as necessary for the identified purposes.
LRO Staffing makes readily available to individuals our Privacy Policy and related procedures for managing personal information. We provide access to the Privacy Policy and related procedures to individuals on LRO’s Web site. Any questions about the handling of personal information by LRO Staffing can be raised with our privacy officer.
At the written and signed request of an individual, he or she may view or edit their personal information as collected by LRO. LRO Staffing will inform them of what personal information we have about the individual, what is being used for and, in cases where it has been disclosed, to whom it has been disclosed. There may be exceptional circumstances as provided by the CSA Model Code under which LRO Staffing may not be able to give an individual access to the personal information about her or him held by LRO. In this case LRO Staffing will explain the reason for this lack of access, as provided by the CSA Model Code.
To make a request, please send a signed letter to our Privacy Officer at the address indicated above. In your request please include the following information: Name, contact details, membership number, the nature of your request, including whether you wish to view and/or edit information or inquire regarding the use and/or disclosure. We will require acceptable proof of your identification before providing a response.
LRO Staffing will reply to your request in no later than thirty days after receipt of the request, or if we are not able to respond within this time period, we will send you a notice of extension. If we are not able to disclose all the personal information we hold on you, we will give you a reason for our inability to do so, unless prohibited by law.
Web-site Privacy
Information Automatically Recorded
When you browse through LRO’s web site, certain information about your visit will automatically be recorded in a log. This information can not personally identify you. The purpose of the log is only to count the visits to specific pages.
This information is to learn about the number of visitors to our site, what pages are of interest and to benefit our visitors in helping us make our site more useful.
Information Provided
If visitors choose to provide LRO Staffing with personal information through an email link or web form – that information is used to respond to your message and to provide the service you have requested.
Emails are treated the same way letters sent to our HR Department are treated. We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to assist you in your job search. We only share your personal information with potential companies if your résumé fits that job posting.
Moreover, we only provide your personal information to third party agencies with your consent and as further assistance in your job search. We do not collect your personal information for commercial marketing purposes.
You should be aware that web forms and the use of email is not a secure means of transmission. If you would prefer not to use the internet to communicate with us, please direct your inquiries to the address on our contact us page.
Links to Other Sites
This web site contains links to other sites for which LRO Staffing is not responsible. These links are provided only as a convenience to our visitors. You are encouraged to examine each site’s privacy policy and disclaimers and make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability and correctness of material and information found.
Questions
Any questions or comments about LRO’s handling of personal information should be directed to our privacy officer.
English
Quick LinksSearch Jobs
Submit Your Resume
Job Alerts
Staffing Inquiries
Resources
Services
Blog
Learn More About UsWho We Are
Testimonials
Leave a Review
Company History
Our Team
Contact
LRO Staffing OTTAWA
601 Bank Street, Suite 200
Ottawa, Ontario, K1S 3T4
613.566.7048
info@lrostaffing.com
LRO Staffing
MONTRÉAL
620 Boul. Saint-Jean, Suite 102
Pointe-Claire, Quebec, H9R 3K2
514.437.3610
info@lrostaffing.com
©2020 All Rights Reserved. LRO Staffing | Privacy Policy | Accessibility Policy | Design & Digital Marketing by: LRO Solutions & Rocket Focus
CANDIDATES
Search Jobs
Why Us
Our Process
Submit Your Resume
Job Alerts
EMPLOYERS
Why Us
Staffing Inquiries
SERVICES
Technology
Finance, Accounting & Payroll
Administration
Legal
Human Resources
Executive Search
Sales, Marketing & Communications
Government
Construction & Development
Manufacturing, Logistics & Engineering
RESOURCES
Salary Guides
Articles
Interview Guides
Videos
BLOG
ABOUT
Who We Are
Testimonials
Leave a Review
Company History
Our Community
CONTACT US
Our Team
Ottawa Office
Montréal Office
English