http://www.texashermannsons.org/privacy-notice
PRIVACY NOTICE
HERMANN SONS LIFE is a fraternal benefit society which recognizes that protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain about our customers is an important responsibility. We are proud of the trust our members have placed in us since 1890 to transact business honestly, with our members’ best interest as a top priority. The United States Congress recently passed a law called the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which requires that we notify our customers annually about how we collect, use and safeguard their personal information. This Privacy Notice generally describes how we treat that information. This notice refers to HERMANN SONS LIFE using the terms “we,” “us” and “our.”
How we obtain information. We obtain most of the information we need directly from you on your application or other forms you complete, or from those you have authorized to provide information to us in connection with providing you insurance or administering claims. We also obtain information in the course of processing and recording your transactions with us and processing your claims for benefits.
Information we may obtain. The type of information we obtain depends on the product or service we are providing. The types of information we may obtain fall into the following three categories:
Customer Information. Customer information includes identifying information such as your name, address, telephone number, and demographic data about you. It also includes information about your transactions with us such as the type and value of our insurance products that you own and the amount of insurance premiums you pay to us.
Financial Information. Financial information may include information such as your credit history, income, assets, type and value of other insurance products you own or for which you have applied, and the amount of insurance premiums you pay to other insurance companies.
Health Information. Health information includes information about your health and medical history, and your insurance underwriting risk factors.
How we use the information we obtain. We use information about you for business purposes such as evaluating your request for insurance or other products or services, evaluating your claim for benefits, administering our products and services, and processing your transactions with us. We may also use information about you to offer you other products and services we provide.
Disclosure of information. There are no affiliated financial institutions or third party non-affiliates which have access to your nonpublic personal information, except pursuant to your written authorization. We never sell information about you to others. We may disclose any information about you when necessary to administer products or services we provide or when required by law, such as in response to a subpoena.
How we protect customer information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect all the information we have obtained from you. Information is accessed by our employees only when it is necessary, such as to administer our products or services and is always treated in a confidential manner. Our policy of protecting nonpublic personal information also extends to former customers who no longer have insurance with us.
Changes to our Privacy Notice. Our policy about obtaining and disclosing information may change from time to time. We will provide you with notice of any material change to this policy before we implement the change.
If you have questions regarding our privacy policy, you may reach us toll free at 1-800-234-4124. Or you may write us at:
515 S. St. Mary’s Street
P.O. Box 1941
San Antonio, Texas 78297-1941
Please click only once
Privacy Notice