http://www.pastorswives.org/home/privacy_policy
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Our Privacy Policy Welcome to our site! We extend the following information to assure you, our guest, that we are concerned about and respect your privacy while visiting our website. Pastors' Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl will never sell, lease, or rent your confidential information. We will always endeavor to take steps to assure that any information you provide to us will remain secure. We want you to feel safe in your online experience while visiting our site. We therefore request that you take a moment to review the following information.Collection of InformationYour name and e-mail address will never be shared with third parties. Pastors' Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl does not collect personal information without your knowledge during your visit to our websites. You can offer your thoughts, opinions, prayers, concerns, ideas, personal experiences, questions and/or suggestions. As a visitor, the information you provide may also be used to improve the usability of, and information available on, our sites.Pastors' Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time and requests that you review this policy for updates.Questions or SuggestionsPlease direct all questions or comments regarding this privacy policy to Pastors' Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl at Feedback@pastorswives.org.This website may provide links to external Web sites maintained by individuals or organizations external to Pastors' Wives Thriving in the Fishbowl. Once you access information that links you to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the website containing the information you have linked to.
Pastors´ Wives
Thriving Message Board
Click Here
PW´s
Thriving Blog
Click Here
How Does The Message Board Work?
Our Message Board is open to any pastor's wife who has registered. This makes for a safe place to "be ourselves" without judgment. An online message board works like this: One person types a question, situation, or statement. Other members of the Board can read it and reply under what the previous person has written. Most posts receive numerous replies; some long some short.
How Do I Become a Member of the Message Board?
Want to know how to register for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Want to know the Terms of Service for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Concerned about our Privacy Policy?CLICK HERE
Ready to sign up?CLICK HERE !
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services