http://www.bikrameastbay.com/privacy-policy
About Bikram Yoga and Reviews
»
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
It is My site’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while
operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.bikrameastbay.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", “my
site” or "www.bikrameastbay.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally
identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this
privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website,
how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information
to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website
and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth
the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities
when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, My site collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort
that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language
preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. My site’s purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how My site’s visitors
use its website. From time to time, My site may release non-personally-identifying information
in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
My site also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP)
addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.bikrameastbay.com blog posts.
My site only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to My site’s websites choose to interact with My site in ways that require My
site to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that My
site gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
for a blog at http://www.bikrameastbay.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive
to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set
cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you
an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements
that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by
My site and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a
third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review
the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or
practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
My site may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. My site may display
this information publicly or provide it to others. However, My site does not disclose your
personally-identifying information.
Affiliate Disclosure
This site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect
your purchases or the price you may pay.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, My site uses "Cookies", similar technologies and
services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store
your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the
visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. My site uses cookies to
help My site identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.bikrameastbay.com, and their website
access preferences. My site visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers
should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using My site’s websites, with the drawback
that certain features of My site’s websites may not function properly without the aid of
cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby
acknowledge and agree to My site's use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, My site may change its Privacy Policy from time
to time, and in My site’s sole discretion. My site encourages visitors to frequently check this
page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Say yes to healthy fats!
Why start swimming?
How to lose weight without training
Renew your diet with these recipes with chicken
The anticancer power of broccoli
What supplements to use to train?
3 ways to combine food
5 tips for a perfect bowl Smoothie
Green Smoothie Detox
5 tips to optimize your workouts
Exercise at home: there are no excuses. Do you want to save time and money?
5 tips to achieve a thinner waist
The French sensation training method "Strong is the New Sexy"
Running + Bodybuilding: winning combination!
10 useful tips for a Christmas Fit
About Us
Products
Frequently Asked Questions
Your First Time
Program
Info
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contacts
Call ahead for reservations: (925) 277-9642
Google Map
Bikram's Yoga College of India
3120 Crow Canyon Rd
San Ramon, CA 94583
(925) 277-9642
Restaurant Hours
Sunday 06:00 AM - 18:00 PM
Monday 06:00 AM - 18:00 PM
Tuesday 06:00 AM - 18:00 PM
Wednesday 06:00 AM - 18:00 PM
Thursday 06:00 AM - 18:00 PM
Friday 06:00 AM - 18:00 PM
Saturday 06:00 AM - 18:00 PM
© Copyright 2019 Unofficial site of Bikram's Yoga College of India
All rights reserved.
This site is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Bikram's Yoga College of India. It exists as a compendium of supporting information intended for informational purposes only.
If you want to buy this website, please don't hesitate to contact us via e-mail: domain (dot) sales (dot) org @ gmail (dot) com