http://www.familycare.org/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy PolicyFamily Care Foundation wishes to extend the following information to assure you, our guest, that we are concerned about and respect your privacy and security while visiting our Web site. We go to great lengths to ensure that all personal information is treated with the highest standards of safety and confidentiality.
Donating Online
We wish to assure you that when you make a donation on-line the donation process is encrypted using industry standard technologies such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Secure Hypertext Transport Protocol (HTTP-S). When implemented on both the browser and server, SSL ensures that your personal information and credit card data will not be read as it is traveling over the Internet. You can be assured that donating on-line via our Web site is as safe as placing your order by phone or by mail.
When you make a donation on the Family Care Foundation Web site, we will receive your Name and Address information so that we can properly process your donation. Your credit card information is sent securely from your browser directly to our credit card processor and is not transmitted to our website. Family Care Foundation does not receive or store your actual credit card details.
Please note, however, that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card data. E-mail is a great communication tool, but is not recommended for use when donating on-line via www.familycare.org. If you still have questions or concerns about donating electronically, please call our offices at 1-800-992-2383. Our business hours are Monday through Friday, 9 am-5:30 pm, PST. Or you can direct your questions by e-mail to info@familycare.org.
Collection of Information
When you visit our web site www.familycare.org we do not collect personal information without your knowledge. The information we collect is only the information necessary to facilitate a specific request such as a donation, and in such a case it will only be your name and contact information. As mentioned above, to complete a donation, you must also enter your credit card details, but this information is sent securely from your browser directly to our credit card processor and is not transmitted to our website. Family Care Foundation does not receive or store your actual credit card details.
Please read our Security Policy for additional information.
Online Privacy & Information Sharing
We are committed to ensuring your privacy on-line. Because of this, we will not sell or exchange your on-line information with third parties. The on-line information we collect is the minimum needed in order to process your request and provide you with the quickest and most convenient on-line experience possible.
Cookies
With respect to cookies, we use cookies to customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. We do not share cookie information with any third party sites. Cookies are used strictly for the purpose of enhancing your personal experience with our site and do not store any personal information.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: 1.800.992.2383, fax 619.468.6996, email info@familycare.org or write Family Care Foundation, PO Box 1039, Spring Valley CA 91979.
Share with friends
Privacy Policy
Impact Areas:About UsGlobal NetworkContact Us