https://www.waypointservices.org/donate/privacy-policy
Monetary DonationsIn-Kind DonationsCorporate Sponsorships1911 SocietyPlanned GivingPrivacy PolicyDonate
Waypoint Privacy Policy
Waypoint places emphasis on the importance of protecting your privacy. This policy was created to show Waypoint's commitment to using the information provided by you through this website in a secure, appropriate fashion. The practices for www.waypointservices.org are as follows:
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
The information that you voluntarily provide to us via email, our contact form as a donor, or otherwise, is solely owned by us and we will not rent or sell it. Your information will be used for responding regarding the reason you contacted us and we will not give it to any third party outside of our organization.
Donations
As credit card donations are processed through a third party site, donors' information will be used for purposes necessary to process the transaction. Information from other donation types will be used to process the transaction and communicate with the donor if needed. Donors' information is also used to update them on Waypoint events and activities and recognize them for their contribution, unless indicated otherwise.
Child Care Payments
Information provided through child care payments will be used solely to process the transaction and will not be rented or sold to any third party outside of our organization. Payments are processed securely at Waypoint only by the individual granted access to this action.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
At any time, you may opt out of communication with Waypoint by contacting us via the contact form or phone number listed on our website. You also have the right to inquire about what information we have about you and to express concern over the use of this data. Additionally, you may also contact us to make changes or delete the information you provided us at any time.
Security
Information you submit on our website is protected online and offline. Our contact form transfers your information to the appropriate staff member to respond to your specific inquiry or comment. Only these staff members are granted access to your information and our computers and servers are securely stored.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 319.731.6139.
We're Here for you
For over 125 years, Waypoint has existed as a vital community resource for individuals in need.
Domestic Violence Resource & Support Line
800.208.0388 -or-
319.363.2093
Housing Services
319.366.7999
KidsPoint Child Care
319.365.1636
Survivors Program
319.365.1458
Contact Waypoint
318 5th St SE
Cedar Rapids, IA 52401
319.365.1458
facebook icon
YouTube icon
twitter icon
instagram icon
linkedin icon