https://www.williamskastner.com/terms-of-use/
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) and Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) carefully before using the Williams Kastner Website, www.williamskastner.com (“website”) operated by Williams Kastner (“Williams Kastner”).The content on this site has been prepared by Williams Kastner for informational purposes only and are not legal advice. The information is not intended to create, and receipt of it does not constitute a lawyer-client relationship. Internet subscribers and online readers should not act upon this information without seeking professional counsel. Do not send us information until you speak with one of our lawyers and get authorization to send that information to us.Your access to and use of this website is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the website. By accessing or using the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the website. Links To Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Williams Kastner. Williams Kastner has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Williams Kastner shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.Disclaimer AgreementOur website and its content is for informational purposes only and should not be substituted for legal advice. We appreciate hearing from you, but the information you submit does not create, and receipt of it does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. An attorney-client relationship can only be established once we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest for the firm and once we verify that we are in a position to represent you and reach an agreement on the terms of representation. Prior to establishing an attorney-client relationship, any information you send will not be kept as confidential.ChangesWilliams Kastner reviews its terms of use and privacy policy occasionally and it is subject to change without notice. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. Please review this page periodically to ensure your continuing familiarity with the most current version of the firm’s privacy policy.Last updated: March 6, 2019 HomeLocations WashingtonOregonAboutPractice AreasAttorneysNews & InsightsPayment Portal Contact our 24/7 Emergency Response TeamDisclaimer AgreementOur website and its content is for informational purposes only and should not be substituted for legal advice. We appreciate hearing from you, but the information you submit does not create, and receipt of it does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. An attorney-client relationship can only be established once we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest for the firm and once we verify that we are in a position to represent you and reach an agreement on the terms of representation. Prior to establishing an attorney-client relationship, any information you send will not be kept as confidential. Accept DeclineWe use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. I AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.