https://www.break-free-from-the-affair.com/privacy-policy.htm
Skip to content
HOME
INFIDELITY BLOGS
ABOUT DR. HUIZENGA
PRODUCTS
TESTIMONIALS
COACHING
AFFILIATES
Privacy Policy
Legal Stuff/Privacy Policies/Affiliate Disclosures
Disclaimer
The information contained on this web site does not constitute any form of advice. The contents of these pages are provided as a general information guide only.
While every effort is made to ensure that the information provided on this site is accurate, no responsibility can be assumed for the accuracy of any particular statement. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Links to other web sites from these pages are for information only and Break Free Enterprise accepts no responsibility or liability for access to or the material on any web site which is linked from or to this web site.
By providing links to other sites, Break Free Enterprise does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or products available at these sites. Linking should not be taken as endorsement of any kind of the website linked to, including any products and services referred to in that website.
Copyright in this website belongs to infidelity-recovery-center.com unless otherwise indicated.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. At Break Free Enterprise we have a few fundamental principles regarding your privacy:
We do not ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for an on-going operation of our site.
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we collect while operating this website.
Information We Collect And Receive
When any visitor (and that includes you) visits our website, we collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available. This includes things such as your browser type, language preference, type of computer, etc. This data is collected in aggregate for the purpose of understanding how visitors interact with and use this website. From time to time, we may publish parts of this information in aggregate as part of reporting on trends in the usage of this website.
We also collect potentially personally-identifiable information like your IP address for logged-in users, when filling out a form, or when making a blog comment. These IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of this website, but the data is only disclosed under the same circumstances that we use for personally-identifiable information as described below.
Certain visitors to this website choose to interact with us in ways that require the Break Free Enterprise to gather personal data. The amount and type of information gathered depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, if the visitor chooses to receive email updates, we’ll ask for their email address. For example, those who choose to purchase a course or membership, we ask for personal information such as name, email address, credit card information and password for the account. When paid customers are logged into their accounts on this website, our system tracks the pages they visit, their IP address, and the date and time. In each case, Break Free Enterprise collects only the information that is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with us. Break Free Enterprise does not disclose personal data other than described below. Furthermore, visitors can always refuse to supply personal information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities on this website.
How We Use Data Collected
We use this data in order to effectively further our legitimate interests in operating our services. More specifically…
We use your personal, demographic and profile data to enhance your experience on our site and to enable us to present content we think you might be interested in.
We use your contact information to communicate with you by responding to requests, comments and questions. We may also send you other administrative emails, messages and other communications related to any services you have purchased.
We will use your email address to send you articles, resources and promotional emails when permission has been granted for that.
We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data to improve our site, for statistical analysis, for marketing and promotional purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
As required by applicable law, legal process or regulation.
To investigate or prevent security issues and abuse of our service.
If information is aggregated or de-identified so as no longer to be reasonably associated with an identifiable natural person, Break Free Enterprise may use it for business purposes. To the extent information is associated with an identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this policy as “personal data”.
Security
We take security of your data very seriously. We take all reasonable action to protect from loss, misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes:
Employing 256-bit secure protocol (SSL) across our entire site so that all interactions with our website are secure.
Restricting access to personal information to Break Free Enterprise employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Not storing sensitive data (such as credit card information) on our servers, but instead relying on trusted third parties to secure this data.
Doing due diligence with third party providers (see Disclosure to Third Parties below) to ensure they have a secure environment.
Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, Break Free Enterprise cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
Data Retention
Break Free Enterprise will retain user data as spelled out here unless otherwise requested by the customer.
Aggregate data not personally identifiable is retained in logs.
Customer data is retained for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This includes retaining customer data even after you have canceled your membership.
Customer log files on our website (when logged into their membership) is retained for a period of 30 days then deleted.
Email subscriber information is retained even after you choose to unsubscribe. Unsubscribed emails are deleted in batches roughly every 60/90 days.
Disclosure of Data to Third Parties
This section describes how information is disclosed to third parties.
We never rent or sell customer information or email subscriber information to any third parties.
Members may interact with each other in live chat or via our community forums and members are responsible for any data they themselves disclose in these environments.
We engage third party companies and service providers in order to fulfill infrastructure functions of our business and information may be shared with these companies only to the extent necessary to perform the service they were hired to do. Additional information on the service providers used is found below.
If required by applicable law, regulation or legal process, we may disclose information.
If necessary to enforce security, enforce an agreement, prevent fraud or theft, we may disclose information to third parties.
We may share your information with other third parties only with your consent.
Below is a list of third party service providers employed by Break Free Enterprise in order to provide necessary infrastructure. Prior to engaging any third party service, we perform diligence to evaluate their privacy policy, security and confidentiality practices to ensure they are meeting their obligations.
AWeber. Provider of our email list hosting and email services.
HostGator. Web hosting service.
Authorize.net. Credit card processor.
Paypal. Third party payment processor.
Infusionsoft party checkout platform.
Google. Analytics provider, cloud-based email provider.
LeadPages. Landing page builder.
Use of Cookies
We make use of browser cookies to perform certain functions. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Cookies allow us to recognize you as a user when you return to our website using the same computer and web browser.
Break Free Enterprise will set its own cookies for the purposes of security, member authentication, member activity and analytics. We also use third party cookies so that those services can operate as designed. This would include Infusionsoft Email service, Google Analytics and other service providers as specified above.
We use cookies to identify which areas of our site you have visited, so the next time you visit the site, those pages may be readily accessible. We also use this information to remember that you are logged in and allow you to avoid logging into your customer account every time you come back. Most browser software can be set to reject cookies. However, if you reject our cookies, certain functionality on the website may not work correctly or at all.
Further information about deleting and blocking cookies can be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Your Data Rights
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain legal rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to information, as well as to seek to update or delete this information. You can usually do this using your account settings provided inside your Member account. If you have any difficulty using these tools, contact us for additional assistance.
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us by not submitting your information. We also allow you to remove your information from our email lists. If you remove your information from our email lists it will no longer be used by us to send email correspondence to you. You can out-out from our marketing lists by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send you, or by sending your request, in writing, via email to: bob@bobhuizenga.com. When you opt out, your data is not automatically deleted and is retained for a period, according to our data retention policies.
Please note that all posts, comments, or replies made by you on our website become the property of Break Free Enterprise and will not be removed unless you request to do so in writing.  Please also be aware that if you use your real name to subscribe to the blog or make comments, it may be fair game to Google and other search engines.  If you want to remain anonymous then use a fictitious name (alias) when subscribing or registering to this blog.
Age Limitations
To the extend prohibited by applicable law, Break Free Enterprise does not allow use of our services and website by anyone younger than 18 years old. No information collected from children is knowingly used for any purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Break Free Enterprise. No part of Break Free Enterprise web site is structured to attract anyone under the age of 18. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Break Free Enterprise may change this privacy policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve which could necessitate changes to this privacy policy. We will post changes to this page and encourage you to review our privacy policy to stay updated. If any changes are made that might materially affect your privacy rights, we will provide additional notice to you via email. If you disagree with the changes made, you have the ability to de-activate your account and cancel any membership. If you should wish for us to delete your personal data, contact us to request that.
Application Of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to this website and all services offered on this website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any separate sites or services that have their own privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the practices of other companies and organizations who may promote our services, ad who may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
To manage the information we receive about you from a social networking site or other third parties (if applicable), you will need to follow the instructions from that party for updating your information and changing your privacy settings, where available. The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third party collects is subject to such third party’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on any third party site will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our Services.
Data Protection Officer
To communicate with the Data Protection Officer, email bob@bobhuizenga.com
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to E Break Free Enterprise. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Break Free Enterprise ‘s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term Break Free Enterprise or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Compensation and Affiliation Affidavit
Disclosure of Material Connection: Some of the links on this site are “affiliate links.” This means if you click on the link and purchase the item, we may receive an affiliate commission. Regardless, we only recommend products or services we use (or have used) personally and/or believe will add value to our readers. We are disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
Results Disclaimer: Please understand that we can not guarantee that your results will be similar to the one described here. Your results are going to depend upon many factors, over which we have no control. If there are any perceived claims of results on this site, they are not the results of the typical reader. We make no claims as to what the typical or average reader can expect. All results are unique and directly influenced by the individual person, his or her efforts, his or her partner, and the situation. No one can guarantee or imply a certain outcome.
Also please know that names and events in this site may have been changed or altered to protect the privacy of those involved. In terms of complete disclosure required by the FTC, you should consider this blog as for entertainment rather than educational purposes. By no means are we experts or make any claims to be. We ask that you use your own common sense and diligence in your own situation.
All materials on this site are © copyrighted by Break Free Enterprise. No part of this may be copied, or changed in any format, sold, or used in any way, online or offline, other than what is outlined within this site, under any circumstances without express permission from Emotional Affair Journey
Changes to this Privacy Statement: The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
How To Contact Break Free Enterprise
Should you have other questions or concerns about these policies you may contact us via email at: bob @ bobhuizenga.com
© 2018 Break Free Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.
Comments are closed.
Categories
Charging Neutral
Coping During the Holidays
Dr. Huizenga's Blog Posts
Emotional Distance
Emotional Infidelity
Featured
Infidelity and Intimacy
Infidelity Coaching
Infidelity Marriage
Infidelity Pain
Infidelity Reasons
Infidelity Recovery
Internet Cheating
Jeryl's Blog Posts
Learn How to Confront the Other Person
Marital Crisis and Self Esteem
Q & A
Real Life Infidelity Stories
Rebuilding the Marriage or Relationship
Relationship Communication
Relationships: Marriage
Relationships: Sex and Intimacy
Self Care
Signs of Infidelity
Surviving Infidelity
Surviving Infidelity Videos
Trust Building
Types of Affairs
Uncategorized
Recent posts
4 Critical Steps to Infidelity Recovery
How to Respond to Your Children when Your Marriage is Rocked by Infidelity, Fear, Threats of Divorce or an Emotional Crisis
I Went over the Edge and Anger Became Rage
My Spouse Refuses to Work on Rebuilding the Marriage
He Tells Me He Loves me AND HER
When Will He Get Out of the Affair Fog?
Should I Confront my Cheating Spouse’s Enabling Friends?
What Does Withholding Sex Mean?
I’m Tired of Trying to Save the Marriage by being a Better Person
He Feels Obligated to be with Me and I Hate it
Cheating Husband’s Emotional Attachment to Sister
What to do with a Husband who has Emotional Affair with Co-worker
Why Won’t he Talk about the Affair?
The Affair Shows Disrespect for Our Children
After the Affair, He Shuts Down
Surviving the Affair
5 Recovery Steps
How to Stop the Affair
Killer Mistakes
Your Power - Types of Affairs
It's NOT Your Fault!
What To Do?!
products
Break Free E-Book
Marriage Makeover
Coaching
Coaching Audio Tapes
Infidelity Insider Membership
main menu
Chat Room on Cheating
The Infidelity Coaches
Relationship Help Testimonials
Site Map
Affiliates
Infidelity Help Links and Resources
Link to Us
Privacy Policy
Extramarital Affairs Discussion Forum
Marital Infidelity Archive
Break Free From the Affair Contact Page
Infidelity Help
Ask the Coach
Won't Stop Seeing the OP: Needs Patience
Is This Internet Cheating?
An Internet Affair...Again?
Say Good-bye
But, We're "Just Friends"
The Price of a Secret
What to Do When There's a Child
S/he Had the Affair! Why Do I Need to Change?
Articles
Do You Really Want to Save the Marriage?
Marriage After Infidelity
Relief From Marital Infidelity: knowing the 7 Kinds
Emotional Infidelity: A Love Affair or Just Friends
Signs of a Cheating Spouse and Infidelity - "The Need to Know"
46 Clues Your Partner is Having an Affair
Extramarital Affair - What Everyone Needs to Know
Sexually Addicted? 10 Important Questions to Ask
10 Crucial and Surprising Steps to Build Trust in a Relationship
More Articles on Surviving Infidelity and Extramarital Affairs
Marital Infidelity Archive
Marital Infidelity Archive 2
Infidelity Archive 3
Infidelity Archive 4
Infidelity Archive 5
Other Articles on Infidelity and Extramarital Affairs
Other Resources
Self Care: Key to Infidelity Recovery
Getting Physically Fit: Great Online Help
Solutions for a Sexless Marriage
Protect Your Home and Family: Mortgage Answers
Blog
Inner Circle
Infidelity Tag Cloudaffair
affair help
affairs
agony of infidelity
Charging Neutral
cheating
cheating husband
cheating spouse
christmas divorce
communication in marriage
coping with infidelity
emotional adultery
emotional affair
emotional distance
emotional infidelity
extramarital affair
extramarital affairs
forgiveness
getting rid of infidelity pain
healing the marriage
how to deal with infidelity
how to survive an affair
husband affair
infidelity
infidelity and intimacy
infidelity help
infidelity in marriage
Infidelity Pain
infidelity support
intimacy in marriage
Learn How to Confront the Other Person
lousy marriage
marriage
marriage communication
marriage crisis
marriage help
marriage problems
Real Life Infidelity Stories
recovering from an affair
relationship help
surviving an affair
Surviving Infidelity
trust
trust building
Types of Affairs
Contact Us
Discussion Forum
Affiliates
Inner Circle
More Articles
Newsletter Archives
Link To Us
Privacy Policy
©2003 - 2020 Break Free From the Affair. All rights reserved.
Break Free From the Affair is a service Break Free Enterprise, 2411 Lake Ave #19, Muskegon, MI. 49445.
Contact Information: admin@break-free-from-the-affair.com
Connect...