http://www.austinfoodbank.org/privacy
Skip to main content
/coronavirus-covid-19-update
http://cafbtx.convio.net/site/Donation2?df_id=20171&mfc_pref=T&20171_donation=f…
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Collection of Information
The Cenral Texas Food Bank collects certain personal information about donors, volunteers, and event participants. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. The Food Bank is the sole owner of any information collected. The types of information collected can include names, addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers and credit card information. We may also collect other non-personal information about your computer when you visit our web site, such as the type of browser you are using or the domain name of your Internet Service Provider.
Intended Use of Information
The personal information collected by the Food Bank is used to fulfill donations, to arrange volunteering opportunities, and to send constituents details about the Food Bank and its upcoming events, programs and projects. None of the personal information collected will be disclosed to third parties unless in response to a legal claim or law enforcement agency's request. Non-personal information may be used in the aggregate to analyze the usage of our web site and to improve its usability and value to visitors. We may share this aggregate analysis with our network of partner agencies, charitable partners and/or other third party vendors.
Opting-Out Use of Personal Information
If you do not wish to grant the Food Bank the right to use your personal information as described, please send an email to communications@centraltexasfoodbank.org or call 512-282-2111. Upon receipt of your request to opt-out, the Food Bank will remove your information from any future communications and all other uses set forth in the above sections.
Email and Postal Mail
People who donate to the Food Bank and web site users who register with our web site are automatically subscribed to our email and US Postal mail newsletters and other Food Bank publications. You can unsubscribe from any of these by sending an email to communications@centraltexasfoodbank.org or calling 512-282-2111.
Web Site Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not contain personal information. They enable us to provide a more seamless experience for our web site visitors. If a visitor rejects a cookie there may be areas of our site that are restricted. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our visitors in order to ensure that they are viewing areas of the site that are of closest interest to them.
Links
Our web site contains links to other sites. The Food Bank is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. When we link to a new site we will launch a new browser window. Our privacy policy applies solely to information collected by our web site.
Security
The Food Bank has made all reasonable efforts to protect our constituents' information with appropriate physical and electronic procedures to prevent unauthorized access both online and off-line. Only employees and volunteers who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. In all cases, the Food Bank employees and volunteers who have access to personal information are required to sign a non-disclosure agreement and to protect this information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes (address, phone number, etc.), or if you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email communications@centraltexasfoodbank.org or call 512-282-2111.
Donor Privacy Policy
We value and respect donor privacy. The Central Texas Food Bank will never rent, sell, or trade a donor's personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policy at any time we will post these changes on our web site at www.centraltexasfoodbank.org. If at any point we decide to use personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify our constituents by mail. Constituents will then have the opportunity to decide if they want us to use their information in this new manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contacting the Food Bank
You may contact the Food Bank with questions or comments about this privacy policy, to update personal information, to opt out of the use of personal information, or any other matter related to the Food Bank by emailing communications@centraltexasfoodbank.org or calling 512-282-2111.
Email
Get expert tips straight to your inbox and create a better virtual food drive.
Home
Find Food Now
Get Help
Help with Food Stamps
Help for Kids
Help for Seniors
Nutrition Education
Produce of the Month Class
Breastfeeding Education
Culinary Training Program
Introduction to Organic Gardening
Learn More
Hunger Around Us
Our Partners
Our Solutions
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer
Volunteer in our Community Kitchen
Volunteer in our Warehouse
Volunteer at a Mobile Food Pantry
Volunteer in our Garden
Volunteer with Nutrition Education
Become a Volunteer Ambassador
Volunteer in our Offices
Volunteer to Deliver Donations
Become a Fundraiser
Corporate Giving
Shop to Give
Advocate
Merch Store
Agencies
Shopping
Reporting
Resource Center
Fresh Produce Containers
Become a Program Partner
Become a Partner Agency
ReThink Hunger Initiative
Recent Communications
Agency Conference
Español
Asistencia Alimentaria
Voluntario
Events
Careers
Catering
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Financials
History
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
Feedback Newsletter
Press Releases
Login
Volunteer
Donate