http://www.bethesdanursinghome.com/web/privacy.php?siteid=372
Privacy Policy Statement
www.bethesdanursinghome.com
This website is owned and operated by Bethesda Nursing Home, PO Box 303, 1533 NW 2nd St., Madison, SD, 57042.
We can also be reached via e-mail using the contact form on our website or by telephone at 605-427-2000.
Our Web server does not automatically recognize the domain or e-mail address of visitors to our site.
We only collect e-mail addresses of those who contact us us via e-mail.
Information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address) may also be kept on file.
No information is retained on visitors who simply browse our Web site.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site, customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and contact consumers for marketing purposes.
Any information retained is disclosed when legally required to do so or at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation.
It is also used to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws and to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site. Any information retained will be transfered to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Web site.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits. To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: google.com
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services through links on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
If you supply us with your e-mail or postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such communications, please let us know by writing to us at the above address.
Please provide your exact name, e-mail address and postal address. We will make certain your name is removed from our list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site. This will serve as your notification of the changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, check back at our Web site periodically.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information and to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected at our site. We use a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems.
All parties are required to keep the information confidential. If you feel that we are not following stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the user information page or by calling us during normal business hours.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), and therefore we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our web site at our web disclaimer
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
This policy was last modified on 12-10-2020
Contacting Us - If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.bethesdanursinghome.com
PO Box 303, 1533 NW 2nd St., Madison, SD, 57042
USA