http://www.feedindiana.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Contact Us Facebook Twitter   Donate
Home
Get Involved
Events
Find a Pantry
Programs
About
Agency Info
Contact
Corporate Sponsorships
FBNI Donors & Grantors
FBNI Employment Opportunities
Mobile Food Pantry Schedule
Novel Coronavirus - COVID-19 Response
SOUL Coffee
Privacy Policy
The Food Bank of Northern Indiana has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our website.  The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website located at the URL www.feedingamerica.org.
In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy.
The Food Bank of Northern Indiana reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy by simply posting such changes on our website.  Any such changes will be effective immediately upon posting.  Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What kind of personal information is collected through our website.
Who collects your information.
How your information is used.
With whom your information may be shared.
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
What Information We Collect and How We Use This Information:
Our registration forms require the user to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interest and similar information.  The Food Bank does not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit cards or social security numbers.
All user information is added to our donor database.  If the user opts in on receiving future communications, we will use that information to contact the user via email, postal mail and/or telephone about events for solicitations.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address:
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet.  We collect an IP address from all visitors to our website.  We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site and deliver customized, personalized content.  IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of Cookies:
Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing the website and are used for record-keeping purposes for many websites.  Use of cookies may make web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use on a particular site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly.  Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser may be set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies.  If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of the Food Bank’s website will not function properly for you to see them.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect online.
External Links:
In order to provide a more comprehensive and useful site, the website contains links to other external sites.  The Food Bank of Northern Indiana is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
give foodOur agency partners need your support to create healthier communities.
volunteerShare your time and talents with us!
donateThe easiest way to be involved. Financial contributions sustain and grow our programs.
702 Chapin StreetSouth Bend, Indiana 46601Phone: (574) 232-9986Form 990  |  Privacy Policy
© 2002-2020 all rights reserved.