https://www.vsu.org.au/terms-and-conditions
Terms & ConditionsWelcome to Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc's Website.
Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc is located at:
135-137 Boundary Road North Melbourne, 3051 - Victoria , Australia
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc's website if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Australia. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc's website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc's privacy policy.Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc and/or it's licensors own the intellectual property rights for
all material on Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print
pages from http://www.vsu.org.au for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from http://www.vsu.org.au
Sell, rent or sub-license material from http://www.vsu.org.au
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from http://www.vsu.org.au
Redistribute content from Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
Hyperlinking to our Content
No use of Victorian Spiritualists' Union Inc's logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
Iframes
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you. Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Credit & Contact Information
This Terms and conditions page was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com generator. If you have any queries regarding any of our terms, please contact us.