https://www.knockshrine.ie/privacy-policy/
Watch
LiveMass
CardsLight a
CandlePlace a
PetitionMake a
DonationOnline
shop
About Knock Shrine
About Knock Shrine
Welcome to Knock Shrine
History
Key Places to Visit
Photo & Video Gallery
Download Brochures & Prayers
Plan Your Visit
Getting Here
Opening Hours
Pilgrimage Organisers
Pilgrims with Special Requirements
Group Visits
Tours of Knock Shrine
Knock Museum
Knock Book Shop
Mass Card Offices
Food & Accommodation
Frequently Asked Questions
Mass & Liturgy
Mass Times
Attending Mass at Knock Shrine
Vigils
Sacrament of Reconciliation
Anointing of the Sick
Eucharistic Adoration
Stations of the Cross
Church Music
Rosary Procession
Baptisms and Marriages
National Novena
What We Offer
Counselling
Day Centre
Faith Renewal Events
Family Centre
Prayer Guidance
Retreats
Spiritual Direction
Youth Ministry
Volunteer at Knock Shrine
Knock Parish
Parish Newsletter
Parish Collections
News & Events
News
Events Calendar
Job Opportunities
Archive
Safeguarding
Safeguarding
EN
EN DE FR ES IT PT PL
Watch
LiveMass
CardsLight a
CandlePlace a
PetitionMake a
DonationOnline
shopPrivacy Policy
Who we are:
Ireland’s National Marian Shrine
Knock
Claremorris
Co Mayo
F12 Y226
T: (094) 93 88100
E: info@knockshrine.ie
Knock Shrine is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used.
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Update
To comply with the requirements of the GDPR, we have made changes to our terms and conditions.
General terms of use
Please read the following terms of use carefully. By using this website and its related services, you acknowledge that you have read the terms of use and that you accept and will be bound by them, as they may be modified by Knock Shrine from time to time, as posted on this website. If you do not agree to the terms of use, you may decide not use this website.
Continued Use
Data Protection 2018: We would like to continue sending you occasional marketing messages. If you no longer wish to receive our information or have information stored please email info@knockshrine.ie with ‘Remove’ in the Subject of the email.
Data Collected
The Knock Shrine website (www.knockshrine.ie) collects details provided by you for the purpose of processing orders and service requests placed via the Knock Shrine website. Please note that all data collected is solely used in accordance with our privacy policy. For the purpose of fulfilling online orders, we collect information regarding transactions you undertake, including name, address and notes pertaining to order (if applicable). Our payment gateway provider Stripe processes transactions on our behalf and stores this information on our behalf- we do not store this information.
Knock Shrine also collect data when you place orders online (Mass Cards, Light a Candle, Place a Petition). The nature and extent of the data collected is variable, and often limited. Nonetheless, we consider all data protected.
Data Processing
Knock Shrine also collects data (name and email address) for monthly newsletters to keep you informed of upcoming news, events and products which may be of interest. This data is collected at the point of ‘sign-up’. Those who have chosen to subscribe to this service can unsubscribe at anytime.
We may also use your contact details to communicate with you. We may use your information to send you offers and news about our upcoming events, products and services which we think may be of interest. In an effort to improve customer experience and service, we monitor all traffic to the Knock Shrine website and site usage.
Please note that there may be instances where it may be necessary for us to communicate with you for administrative purposes or to assist with order processing.
The categories of personal data concerned:
Knock Shrine collects the following information in order for the purpose of processing orders:
Name
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Billing & Payment information.
Knock Shrine gathers statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website/shrine. This data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact user, such as demographic information regarding, for example,
User IP addresses,
Browser types,
Anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
This information is solely used to gain a more informed understanding of how our website is being used and to make our websites more relevant to our users.
Note – Knock Shrine Website uses session cookies. Cookie consent is obtained either explicitly or implicitly requested via an opt-in or email message.
Knock Shrine receives personal data through the following means:
Parishes/Client Form.
Through contractual negotiation and agreements.
Corresponding through email or phone.
The Recipients of the Data
The recipients of the data are the KNOCK SHRINE staff (Permanent, fixed term, contracted or trainee staff) who process the data only in the ways that have been defined in purposes and legal basis of the processing. Each Staff member of KNOCK SHRINE have been educated and trained in the importance of GDPR. Knock Shrine may share personal information with any origination within the Family of the Catholic Church for the purposes defined in this privacy policy only.
Personal data to a third country or international organisation
KNOCK SHRINE will not disclose Personal Data to third parties unless KNOCK SHRINE has consent to do so or unless the third party is required to fulfil a contracted task (e.g. data entry in such circumstances, the third party will have a data processor agreement signed to adhere to GDPR). KNOCK SHRINE will disclose Personal Data if it is believed in good faith that KNOCK SHRINE are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
How long will the personal data be stored for:
KNOCK SHRINE will retain personal data for the following reasons (only exception to these reasons are if KNOCK SHRINE is required or permitted by law to hold onto the information a specific amount of time):
Data that is required in order to perform a contract, will be held on KNOCK SHRINE’s system for the period necessary or until the completion of a contract.
For business interests (as defined in purposes and legal basis of the processing) Data that is no longer deemed necessary will be deleted from our system
When personal data is deemed no longer necessary, it will removed and deleted in a correct manner.
Data subject’s rights:
Those affected by this privacy policy have the following rights:
Right to access: the right to request, access and copy of the personal information that KNOCK SHRINE is holding. KNOCK SHRINE can charge a reasonable fee for 2 or more personal data requests. A copy of personal data will be charged at no cost. Any access requests will need to be requested in writing or email. Evidence of identification will be required as this makes sure that the personal information is not given to the wrong person. Information will be given within 30 days.
Right to rectification: the right to have personal data rectified if it’s incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten: the right to withdraw consent given to process data and the right to request that KNOCK SHRINE delete personal data from Knock Shrine’s System (only exception to this is KNOCK SHRINE compliance to with any legal obligations or if the data is required for any legal claims)
The right to object how KNOCK SHRINE is uses the personal data received (e.g. marketing purposes).
Note – Withdrawal of consent will lead to KNOCK SHRINE being unable to provide access to all or parts of the services KNOCK SHRINE provides to those who are affected by this privacy policy.
Lodging a Complaint
Any complaints on how KNOCK SHRINE uses personal data can be sent to the Data Commissioner’s office. More information can be provided on their website: www.dataprotection.ie
Other web sites
Our web site may contain links to other websites. Please note that these sites are outside of our control and not covered by our Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
No data will be stored outside of European Union.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. The knock Shrine website uses cookies to improve navigation and to enable traffic monitoring. Non-registered visitors of the site may be sent anonymous cookies to keep track of their browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile.
Whilst you do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to browse much of our web site or to access many of our services, you must have cookies enabled if you wish to access any areas reserved for registered users. Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser. As described above this will restrict the services you can use on our website.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place professional physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Ireland's National Marian Shrine,
Knock, Claremorris, Co. Mayo,
F12 Y226, Ireland
+353 (0) 94 938 8100
info@knockshrine.ie
Full contact details
FEATUREDWatch Live
Mass Enrolment
Light a Candle
Place A Petition
Make A Donation
SITE MENUAbout Knock Shrine
Frequently Asked Questions
Mass Times
Counselling
Shrine Volunteers
Events Calendar
ONLINE SHOPBrowse
Delivery
Returns
Terms & Conditions
Sign up to receive latest Knock Shrine news and eventsSIGN UPPlease check to confirm you have reviewed and understand our privacy policy
©2020 All rights reservedPrivacy Policy
– .
or
Close this message
Search
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks