https://www.receptionhalls.com/terms
Venues by State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
DC
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Guides
Starting Your Banquet Hall Search |
5 Important Things To Consider
ReceptionHalls.com Terms of Use
ReceptionHalls.com
("RH") maintains this website (the "Site") as a service to our customers
and the business establishments we represent (collectively, "you"). Your
use of this web site means that you agree to the following terms of use
(the "Terms of Use"). If you do not agree with these terms you should
leave this Web site (the "Site") immediately.
YOUR USE OF THE
SITE AS DESCRIBED ABOVE CONSTITUTES YOUR REPRESENTATION TO RH THAT YOU ARE OVER
18 YEARS OF AGE, THAT YOU MAY LEGALLY ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT YOU
AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE SITE. WE MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE RH PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBED HEREIN) FROM TIME
TO TIME, AND POST THOSE MODIFICATIONS HERE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE AFTER
ANY SUCH MODIFICATION CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT.
RH MAY TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ALL YOUR RIGHTS HEREUNDER, AT ANY
TIME UPON NOTICE, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
1. Ownership
This Web site contains copyrighted photographs, panoramic animations,
images, videos, text, music, and sounds (collectively the "Content").
All Content maintained by RH and is owned by the associated reception
establishments. It is illegal to duplicate, download or distribute any
Content from this Site except for your PERSONAL USE and are subject to
the Usage Guidelines. All Contents are protected under applicable copyright,
trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws in the United
States and around the world. You may not use photos or images of people
or identifiable entities in any manner that suggests the endorsement or
association of any product or service or in connection with any pornographic
or immoral materials or for any commercial purposes.
The design or layout
of the www.receptionhalls.com web site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled
by NeoVive, LLC is protected by United States and International law and other
intellectual property proprietary rights and may not be copied or imitated in
whole or in part.
2. License
Subject to your performance of your obligations under this Agreement,
RH hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, nontransferable
license (without the right to grant sublicenses) to view and use the Site
and the Materials solely for your own internal business purposes. You
may not republish, "mirror", "frame", transfer, or otherwise make available
to third parties the Site or the Materials except with the prior, written
consent of RH.
3. Vendor Submissions
RH accepts content from Vendors for its reception hall listings. Any creative or original materials or any
other creative suggestions, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages, ideas,
notes, drawings, concepts, marketing plans or other information that you submit to us by electronic mail or
otherwise, will be treated in accordance with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy,
which is incorporated herein by reference.
By submitting and/or posting Content to the website, you automatically grant to RH a royalty-free, perpetual,
irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish,
edit, translate, distribute, perform, create derivative work of and display such Content alone, or as a part of
other works in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed. Any Content you
transmit or post may be used by RH or licensed to others by RH for any purpose, including but not limited to
reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.
As a vendor or listing manager, you are responsible
for your own Content and are responsible for the consequences of your posting such Content. You must not do the
following things: post materials that are copyrighted, unless you are a copyright owner or have the permission
of the copyright owner to post it; post material that violates any law or infringes on any other intellectual
property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene,
defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or
entity; post a sexually-explicit image; post or transmit any advertisements, promotional materials, "junk
mail," "spam," chain letters, pyramid schemes; impersonate another person or misrepresent your
affiliation with any person or organization; access the website to obtain a list of users of the website;
access or use any secure or non-public areas of the website without authorization. RH does not represent or
guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content posted by Vendors or endorse any opinions
expressed by Vendors. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by Vendors will be at your own risk.
RH does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted
by Vendors. If RH becomes aware of any Content that allegedly does not conform to these Terms and Conditions,
RH may investigate the Content and determine in good faith in its sole discretion whether to remove or request
the removal of the Content. RH has no liability or responsibility to you for performance or nonperformance of
such activities. RH reserves the right to remove Content, remove listings, expel Vendors and prevent their
further access to the website for violating these Terms and Conditions or the law.
4. Vendor Subscriptions
The following applies to Vendor Listing Subscriptions (i) you may request cancellation of your subscription at
any time following the cancellation instructions in the refund policy
(ii) we may terminate a listing subscription at our discretion
without notice; (iii) if we terminate a listing subscription in advance of the end of its term, we will provide
the vendor with a prorated refund if payment was received for the listing; (iv) we reserve the right to change
subscription terms and fees from time to time, effective as of the beginning of the next term.
5. Disclaimer
The site and the materials are provided on an as is basis, without any
warranty whatsoever. RH makes no endorsements or guarantees as to the
quality availability of a reception hall or vendor for your reception.
By use of any of the information listed throughout this site, the user
agrees to hold the administrator of this page, ReceptionHalls.com, and
any division of Neovive, LLC. harmless from any consequence which may
arise from utilization thereof.
All of our
venue listings and pricing information are made available for your convenience.
You should always check venue references and contact venues directly before deciding
to use their services. We cannot guarantee the quality of venues services listed on RH
and we shall have no legal liability in the event that you are unsatisfied with such service
or incur any damages as a result of such service.
Availability
is at the sole discretion of the reception establishment and RH has no
input into this process. RH makes no guarantee regarding the accuraccy
of the information and content about each reception establishment in its
database. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, RH hereby
disclaims all warranties, express, implied, statutory or arising from
course of dealing, including all implied warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement of third party
rights. The RH website and the materials (including without limitation
the forms) may be incorrect, out of date, inappropriate for any particular
transaction, and may contain "bugs", errors, defects, and may
not operate error-free or not produce results as expected.
6. Damages
In no event shall RH, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliated companies,
agents, experts, shareholders, employees or officers have any liability
hereunder to you or any third party for any indirect, special, incidental
or consequential damages (including damages for loss of business, loss
of profits, litigation, or the like), whether based on breach of contract,
breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or
otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event
shall the aggregate liability of RH, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliated
companies, agents, shareholders, employees and officers exceed one hundred
dollars ($100), regardless of the cause of action, whether in contract,
tort, or otherwise. the negation of damages set forth above are fundamental
elements of the basis of the bargain between RH and you. This site and
the materials would not be provided without such limitations.
7. Product Availability
Products, services, and programs in the site may not be available in your
country. References to any product, service or program do not imply that
RH intends to make available such products, services or programs in your
country. RH also reserves the right to remove inactive accounts that have
not been used within one year. A notice will be sent to the email on file
before the account is removed.
8. No Agency
You hereby agree and acknowledge that your provision of services and/or your use of RH, does not confer
or imply any contractor (independent or otherwise), agency, partnership, joint venture,
employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship with us and furthermore that no affiliation,
association or connection exists between you and RH. In no event shall you have authority to bind,
commit, contract for, or otherwise obligate RH in any manner whatsoever.
9. Changes to Services
RH reserves to right to modify or discontinue any or all services provided on the ReceptionHalls.com at
any time without warning.
We also do not guarantee the quality or availability of services provided by third parties.
10. DMCA Notice
RH respects the intellectual property rights of others. This notice outlines the ways in which RH
complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998.
If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, you may notify RH by sending the following to the email address below.
1. the physical or electronic signature
of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed;
2. identification of the copyrighted
work(s) claimed to have been infringed;
3. identification of the material that
is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and information
reasonably sufficient to permit RH to locate the material on this site;
4. information reasonably sufficient
for RH to contact you, including your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
5. a statement by you that you have a
good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
the law;
6. a statement that the above
information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized
to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Please put "DMCA Notice" in the subject line of all such notifications, and email the notification to:
11. Links
to Third Party Sites
RH may provide links to third-party sites as a convenience to you. RH
does not control third party sites or links to third party sites. RH has
not reviewed these websites and is not responsible for the accuracy or
suitability of any content on such websites or pages linked to from such
websites and is not responsible for the content of any linked sites. Links
to third-party sites are not endorsements by RH of such sites. Please
be aware that our privacy policy does not cover the information practices
or policies of such websites. The consumer is encouraged to research any
given business to ensure that the products and/or services are to their
satisfaction.
12. Security
RH uses industry standard security practices to secure your personal information, including
password protection, firewalls, and Secure Socket Layers. We never store password in plain text
and, but We cannot guarantee the security of our system. Secure access to RH can be interrupted by
many factors outside of our control.
13. Other
Legal Information
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of New York, USA. These Terms of Use contain the entire understanding
of the parties hereto relating to the use of this Site and supersedes
any prior written or oral agreement or understandings between the parties
with respect to this Site, and cannot be changed or terminated orally.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms of
Use will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of these Terms of Use. RH reserves the right to terminate these Terms
of Use without notice, if, in RH's sole discretion, you fail to comply
with any term of these Terms of Use. Upon termination, you must destroy
all materials obtained from this Site, copies and related documentation
thereof. In addition, RH reserves the right to terminate this Site without
notice.
14. Password
You may receive a password in connection
with your use of RH. You will be responsible to maintain the confidentiality of your password and
account, and will be solely responsible for all activities that occur under your password and
account.
ReceptionHalls.com
is a subsidiary of NeoVive, LLC.
All product names
are either trademarks or registered trademarks of NeoVive, LLC or its
affiliates or licensors. All rights reserved.
ALL RIGHTS NOT
EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED.