http://www.lebhshomea.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and are deeply committed to protecting your personal right to privacy while you are visiting our website. This Privacy Statement lets you know how your personal information is collected, processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Statement and the ethical guidelines set forth by the Direct Marketing Association (the DMA) and the National Catholic Development Conference (NCDC).
The following policies are in effect for the Lebh Shomea site you are viewing, profiles you may set up with us when you register on-line.
The following discloses our Privacy Policy.
What Information do we collect and how do we use the information:
When you set up a visitor profile at our website you will be asked a series of questions including name, mail address, email address and possibly credit card information if you are making an online donation. This information remains secure on our server for the duration of time you maintain the account. In the event you decide to register at our website we will use your personal contact information to send notification to you of Oblate offerings or information you have agreed to receive.
Those who place orders, make donations, or request our email updates are added to our mailing list. From this information, we track transactions you have made with us so we can better meet your needs. Occasionally we do share names and postal addresses with other respected organizations. These groups have been carefully screened through The Direct Marketing Association. We encourage you to visit the information on The DMA’s policies and procedures. You can also visit the DMA’s website to have your information removed from all lists.  We make select portions of our postal mailing list available to carefully screened organizations. However, you always have the option to be removed from our rental list. If you have general questions or comments, please contact us at 361-294-5369 or lebhshomea@omisua.org
We DO NOT sell or share email addresses. Email addresses are added to our files through making an online donation, subscribing to the e-newsletter, registering online, providing email information via postal mail or telephone. If you decide to opt out, you will not receive any solicitation email from us; however, you may receive customer service email regarding your gifts, information changes, etc.
Internet Tracking & Internet Protocol Address:
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any web page within the Oblate website our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s IP address. The IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the network, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement.
Use of “Cookies”:
The Lebh Shomea, House of Prayer may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from our Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie cannot read data from your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of the website you have visited, so the next time you visit; those pages may be readily accessible and can be delivered to you in a customized format. This allows us to make your site visits more compelling and relevant to you personally. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. You can choose to not accept these cookies but your experience at our web site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Security:
Our site uses industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information provided by you and under our control. Because we care about the security of your online transactions and relationship with us, we use encryption and secure servers for donations, ordering and storage of all information related to you. Lebh Shomea House of Prayer takes considerable security measures and precautions to protect your personal and financial information by following best business practices for online security of data.
Email Opt-in / Opt-out Policy:
If you registered at the site and signed up to receive email communications from us and decide that you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at lebhshomea@omiusa.org or calling us at the telephone number below, or by writing to us at the address below and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from us. Our intent is to satisfy your needs; we are committed to honoring your requests as quickly as possible.
Website Links:The website contains links to other, helpful third party organizations which are maintained by them. In the event you choose their link then you leave our website and are covered by their privacy practices.
Policy & Changes to our policies:
By using the Oblate website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. We may post changes to this policy at any time and will share this online so that you can always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contact:
Lebh Shomea House of Prayer PO Box 9Sarita, TX 78385
Please email any questions about our privacy statement to: lebhshomea@omiusa.org Or call us at (361)294-5369