http://www.martus.org/privacy.html
Strong Crypto Since 2003. A Benetech product.
About Us
Contact
Privacy
Martus
Overview
Resources
Documentation
Training Materials
FAQs
Download
No Personal Information Required
To access the base content on our site, you will not be required to provide us with personal information. We do use Google Analytics to measure website traffic and improve our website design, and Google does use a cookie to collect anonymous traffic tracking data. If you choose to send us email messages, we will use the messages only to respond to them and will not share them with anyone, unless you give us explicit permission to do so or by order of an appropriate court of law directing us to do so. If you wish to subscribe to our mailing list, we will keep only the minimum information necessary to operate it. MailChimp currently hosts our mailing list, and you can view its privacy policy on the MailChimp site.
General Information
When you log on and request information from a website, such as ours, the web server uses your IP address to communicate with you, and this minimal information is always retained for a period of time on our server. Your computer can be identified from the IP address while you are connected to the Internet, although it normally would not identify you individually as the user. We do not use any services that try to match an IP address to an individual. As a matter of course, our site will automatically gather certain general information such as the number of visitors on the site and the most frequently visited areas. However, this information will only exist in aggregate and cannot be used to identify you in any way. We use this aggregate information to try to improve the site, making it more useful and usable. We delete our web logs at least monthly, which means the fact your IP address is identified on the web server will be eliminated at that time. So, each time you connect to our web site, that information is retained for up to a month and then deleted.
Cookies
We do not use cookies to track you or to collect personally identifying information. We do use Google Analytics to measure website traffic and improve our website design, and Google does use a cookie to collect anonymous traffic tracking data.
No Disclosure of Information
Because we do not collect information about you, this also means that we will not sell or give away any information about you. As a general requirement of law, we will respond to documents in a legal proceeding, such as court orders or subpoenas, if we receive any. However, unless you decide to send us personal information in email that you want us to save, we will not have any personal information about you.
Other Sites
We have no control over the privacy of web sites that are not our own, which might be linked to from this web site. We reference other web sites that you may wish to visit, but be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply beyond this site.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may decide to change the Privacy Policy but, if we choose to do so, we will post the changes here. You will always have access to the Privacy Policy in order to determine:
whether or not we gather personal information about you;
whether or not we use information about you; and
whether or not we disclose your information to anyone else.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, or about any other aspect of operation of the site, please contact us at martus@benetech.org and we will respond confidentially.
Last updated: July 9, 2008.
Home
Overview
ResourcesDocumentation
ResourcesTraining Materials
ResourcesFAQs
Download
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy