https://www.fbnn.org/gethelp/programschedules/
Donate Now
Who We Are
About Us
Who We Serve
Programs & Services
Board of Directors
Staff Members
Careers
Financials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Ways to Give
Give Now
Give Monthly
Give Food
Other Ways to Give
Get Involved
Volunteer
Host a Food & Fund Drive
Events
Corporate Partners
Raise Awareness
Learn About Hunger
Become a Partner
Become a Board Member
Stories of Change
Get Help
Neighborhood Pantry
Meals for Kids
SNAP Help
Nutrition Education
Getting Ahead
Program Schedules
Blog
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Partner Agency
Program Schedules
Through our network of Partner Agencies and direct service programs, the Food Bank works to ensure that neighbors in need of food are able to get the help they need. To find locations and times that work for you, view the lists and schedules for each of our programs and Partner Agencies below.
Home > Get Help > Program Schedules
Food Pantry Lists & Times
The Food Bank of Northern Nevada is proud to partner with a network of community organizations taking on the fight against hunger.
Find a food pantry near you.
Washoe County (English) (Spanish)| All Counties Except Washoe (English) (Spanish)
Mobile Harvest Schedule
Access to nutritious, healthful food is vital for the community members we serve. Throughout the month, the Food Bank’s Mobile Harvest program visits neighborhoods across northern Nevada and eastern California to distribute produce and other fresh food items to clients.
covid-19 changes to mobile harvest distributions
The Food Bank of Northern Nevada is committed to continuing to serve our community while taking precautions to protect the health and safety of our clients, volunteers, and staff.  For the time being, we have made adjustments to the Mobile Harvest schedule and distribution format.  This means that the regular monthly schedule of sites and times is temporarily suspended.
View the Mobile Harvest Schedule:
Please Note: Masks/face shields are required at all times while attending mobile harvest distributions.  thank you for helping us to keep everyone as safe as possible by wearing your mask any time you are interacting with staff or volunteers, including during check-in and loading of your groceries.
December 2020: Washoe County | Rural Counties
Please visit the Neighborhood Pantry page for more details on these temporary changes to Mobile Harvest.
The Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP)
The Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP) is a federal program that provides food commodities at no cost to Americans in need of short-term hunger relief through food providers like emergency food pantries, food banks, soup kitchens and shelters.  Click here for the TEFAP eligibility guidelines.
View the TEFAP Distribution Schedule
SNAP Outreach
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP/formerly food stamps) is an important program for struggling families, seniors, and others. The Food Bank of Northern Nevada offers SNAP Outreach to help connect eligible clients to these vital benefits.
SNAP Outreach Schedules:
DECEMBER – Washoe County | Rural Northern Nevada
{Click here to view the State of Nevada Division of Welfare and Supportive Services Non-Discrimination Statements.}
For help with your application over the phone, click here for details.
Kids Cafe: Free Meals for Kids
The Kids Cafe program provides free, nutritious meals to kids while they are out of school.  Throughout the school year, the Kids Cafe Dinner Program serves after school meals at several schools and community centers throughout the Reno/Sparks area.
Meals are available at no charge for all children and youth ages 1-18.
Children do not have to attend any after school programming being offered at the time of meal service in order to be served dinner.
The Food Bank has been granted a temporary waiver, due to COVID-19) to allow meals to be taken off site to be eaten after school.
View the Kids Cafe Dinner Program Schedule for the 2020-2021 School Year
The Food Bank of Northern Nevada is an equal opportunity employer and provider.  Click here for additional information in English or Spanish.
CSFP Distribution Schedule
Through the Commodity Supplemental Food Program (CSFP), the Food Bank of Northern Nevada provides a monthly box of nutritious food to low-income seniors 60 years and over. Boxes are distributed at more than 40 locations across Reno, Sparks, and rural northern Nevada.
CSFP Distribution Schedule
In addition to the CSFP Program the Food Bank of Northern Nevada has added more distributions to deliver fresh produce to Seniors.  This program is called Produce on Wheels.
Produce on Wheels Schedule
For a meal in the Reno-Sparks area
Our partner, St. Vincent’s Dining Room, serves lunch at 11:30 am – 12:30 pm, Monday – Saturday at 325 Valley Road, Reno.
There are no requirements to be served.
Homeless youth in the Reno/Sparks area can get information on other resources that may be available to them by visiting Reno Youth Network.