http://www.miltonumc.net/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use | Milton United Methodist Church
Toggle navigation
Milton
United Methodist Church
About
Our PastorOur HistoryContact
Ministries
WorshipStewardshipOutreachNew Hope Food PantryNew Hope Thrift ShopChristian Outreach ProjectVacation Bible SchoolWomen's FellowshipHost to Community GroupsThe Wesley StageMusicChoirBells and ChimesLiturgical Dance
Education
Sunday SchoolCountry Day SchoolConfirmationBible StudyAdult Bible StudyWomen's Bible StudyLenten Bible Study
Calendar
Members
Login Signup
Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions Of Use
By using the Milton United Methodist Church website you are acknowledging your acceptance of these terms and conditions:
You use the miltonumc.net website at your own risk. Milton United Methodist Church does not assume any liability arising from your use of this website.
We reserve the right to change or eliminate any part of our website without notice.
Intellectual property shown on products and promotional materials is owned by the respective legal owners.
Logos and trade names on the miltonumc.net website are owned by the respective legal owners.
Intellectual Property associated with the graphics, text, design, look and feel of the website is owned by Milton United Methodist Church.
Any feedback and ideas submitted by users become Milton United Methodist Church property.
The miltonumc.net website is subject to New Jersey law.
Use of Materials
Permission is granted to download, or to view online, from the website for personal, non-commercial viewing only. This is the grant of permission for viewing, not a transfer of title or ownership, and by this permission you may not:
modify the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose or commercial display;
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Milton United Methodist Church' website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server without our our express written permission.
Your distribution of audio and video files downloaded from the Milton United Methodist Church website is limited to freely passing them along. You downloaded them for free, and you must share them for free. All physical products are copyrighted, and may not be duplicated without our express written consent. If you plan to freely distribute any of our products in mass quantities, please contact us and we may be able to lower our prices for such an effort.
Privacy Policy
Milton United Methodist Church respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. This Privacy Policy outlines the information Milton United Methodist Church may collect and how we may use that information.
Personal Data
Milton United Methodist Church does not collect any personally identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) through its website unless you have provided it to Milton United Methodist Church voluntarily. If you do not want your personal data collected, please do not submit it to us, and do not opt-in to email communication. When you do provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the following ways:
We may save and analyze that information to better understand your needs and learn how we can improve our products and services.
We will use that information to fulfill your order and keep necessary records of shipments.
We may use that information to contact you about new products or promotions that we think may be of interest to you.
We will not share your personal data with any third party companies or organizations, except where delivery of your order requires us to do so.
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our SSL software encryption is the industry standard and is among the industry's best for secure e-commerce transactions.
Automatically Collected Data
In some cases, we may automatically (i.e., not via registration) collect technical information that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site.
Privacy Inquiries
All electronic notification communications sent by Milton United Methodist Church contain an unsubscribe link. Recipients that unsubscribe from our email database will no longer receive email notification communications from Milton United Methodist Church. Should you receive an email communication from Milton United Methodist Church that is either unsolicited or unwanted and you do not wish to use any unsubscribe function, please email us at info@miltonumc.net and we will make sure that your details are removed from the Milton United Methodist Church email update database.
Site Ownership
This website is owned by Milton United Methodist Church.
MiltonUMC
316 Dover-Milton Rd
Oak Ridge, NJ 07438
973.697.3194
Our Mission
Led by God, we are a welcoming family of believers in Jesus Christ, existing to
share God's love, grow in discipleship, and equip followers to reach out with hope
to a local and global community in need.
Our Vision
Our church seeks to become a cross-generational community of disciples where faith
can be found and friends become family.
Stay Connected
©2020 • Milton United Methodist Church • All Rights Reserved