http://www.jkrishnamurti.org/privacy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome/Privacy
Privacy Policy
You are hereHome/Privacy
Privacy policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site or communicate using the Contact Us section.
When registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like many websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use cookies?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
We are relying on consent for retaining your information.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by using the Contact Us section of the website or by clicking on 'unsubscribe' at the footer of any email you receive from us.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our email newsletter, we may send you periodic emails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional email from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive email newsletters, you will not receive these emails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and members-only content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our email list and receive email communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, they are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Krishnamurti Foundation Trust Ltd. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your email subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the My Account section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the My Account section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
We may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Last UpdatedThis policy was last modified May 2018.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Helping & Giving
This site is self-sustaining, free of advertising, and your support is essential for it to continue to flourish and reach out to people throughout the world.DonateGet Involved
ListenRead textWatch videoFull quote
StoreDownloadedSaveSaved