http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1994/06.94
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
June 1994
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
Editor-in-Chief: Professor Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School,
57 Worth Street, New York, N.Y. 10013
ASLeonard@aol.com
Circulation: Audrey Hartmann, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003.
212-353-9118
(C) 1994 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755-9021
Contributing Writers:
Paula L. Ettelbrick, Public Policy Director, National Center for
Lesbian Rights and Adjunct Professor, NY Law School
Kenneth Rutman, Adjunct Professor, New York Law School
Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York
Barnaby Millard, Esq., New York
Kevin Isom, Esq., Atlanta
Dirk Williams, Boston
Robert Bourguignon, Student, Brooklyn Law School.
New York High Court Holds Schools Can Bar Military Recruiters Under
Discrimination Policies
The New York Court of Appeals reversed trial and intermediate
appellate court rulings and held that sec. 2-a of the N.Y.
Education Law does not require state-chartered schools to grant
unqualified access to military recruiters.
Lloyd v. Grella, 1994
WL 161326 (May 3).
sec. 2-a grants military recruiters access to
educational institutions "on the same basis" as all other
employment recruiters.
In December 1991 the Rochester City School District adopted a
resolution forbidding city schools from affording access to
recruiters from any "organization" that "has a stated policy which
discriminates against any person on the basis of race, color,
religion, handicap, sex, creed, political beliefs, age, economic
status, or sexual orientation, until such time as these
discriminatory policies are discontinued."
Recognizing that this
would exclude military recruiters, the District's resolution also
provided that all students be notified annually of the current
Armed Forces policy on homosexuality, and provided that the policy
did not prohibit school counselors from giving students information
about Armed Forces employment opportunities and how to contact the
Armed Forces about enlistment.
Jean Lloyd, mother of a Rochester
High School student, sued in state supreme court contending the
policy was invalid under sec. 2-a.
The trial judge agreed, finding
the wording of the statute open to differing interpretations and
concluding that legislative history supported guaranteeing military
access if any other employers were granted access.
The appellate
division affirmed without further analysis.
Writing for the court, Judge Joseph W. Bellacosa held that the
statutory language was clear, thus resort to legislative history
was unnecessary.
Bellacosa asserted that the statute "specially
protects military recruiters by granting them equal access.
It
does not correspondingly divest local school boards of their
traditional discretionary powers to adopt protocols barring stated
discriminatory policies and practices such as are at issue in this
case.
The use of the phrase `on the same basis' in Education Law
sec. 2-a is synonymous with `equal access', not unqualified access.
. .
[The policy] at issue here bars access to all recruiters when
they fail to meet specified criteria tailored for the Rochester
school system.
The fact that it significantly targets a concededly
discriminatory entity does not divest it of its uniform
applicability."
While holding that clear language did not require
resort to legislative history, Bellacosa reviewed the history and
concluded it was consistent with the court's holding, finding that
the proponents of the bill insisted that they were seeking equal
access, not special access, for the military.
"Plainly, when
school board policymakers exclude recruiters `on the same basis,'
like those who statedly discriminate against homosexuals, the
statute's special admittance pass for the military is not
operative.
it does not override the evenhanded exclusion of all
employers who proclaim their discriminatory policies."
"We are also satisfied," he wrote, "that the holdings of the
Appellate Division and the Supreme Court undermine well-settled
principles protecting the discretion traditionally reposed in local
school districts regarding access to students on school property.
. .
In effect, we confidently conclude that Education Law sec. 2-a
does not tolerate the contradiction of encouraging the efforts of
schools in inculcating abhorrence of discrimination, while
compelling the admittance of openly discriminating potential
employers."
In a brief dissent, Judge Richard Simons argued that, as the only
entity that has a "stated policy" of discriminating against gays,
the Armed Forces was clearly the direct target of the Rochester
resolution.
As such, he argued, the school board was excluding the
only employer that the legislature insisted should be given access,
and was not adopting a "neutral" policy.
Other employers who
discriminate against gays without having a "stated policy" would
not be excluded, he argued.
Simons also argued that as the
resolution referred to the Armed Forces explicitly, it was clear
that they were the target of the policy.
Amicus briefs supporting the School Board's policy were filed by
the Association of the Bar of the City of New York, the New York
State School Boards Association, the Association of American Law
Schools, the American Civil Liberties Union, the Society of
American Law Teachers, and Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund.
A group called "Parents for the Restoration of Values in Education"
filed in support of Jean Lloyd.
On May 6, John M. Regan, Jr.,
counsel for Jean Lloyd, filed a bizarrely offensive motion for
reargument with the Court of Appeals, attacking the court for
making a "political" decision and impugning the professional ethics
of the judges.
Colorful reading for the judges' clerks, no doubt!
The court's decision lit a fire under U.S. Rep. Gerald Solomon, a
Republican from Glens Falls, N.Y., whose outrage at the expulsion
of military recruiters from public schools, and previously from the
State University of New York, led to introduction of an amendment
to pending appropriations legislation, threatening to end federal
Defense research money to any school that bars military recruiters,
which was included in an appropriations measure that passed the
House on May 23.
We've heard this song before: such a provision
has been part of federal law since the late 1970s, but has never
been enforced, because the Defense Department was never willing to
cut off its nose to spite its face by terminating contracts on
political grounds with scientists whose work was deemed crucial to
the Defense effort.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
9th Circuit Frees Lesbian Moms In Alleged Child Abuse Case
Much remains unsaid in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals' opinion in
Martineau v. Angelone, 1994 WL 186772 (May 17), a habeas corpus
case in which a lesbian couple was sentenced to lengthy prison
terms for child abuse in the death of one of the women's children.
One suspects the appellate judges concluded that these women were
railroaded due to anti-gay prejudice, although such concerns are
kept below the surface.
However, the egregiously long prison
sentence (20 years) in a case involving little more than conjecture
and supposition raises suspicions in any fair-minded reader.
Paula Martineau and Georganna Lagen lived together in Las Vegas
with Lagen's two childen, 4-year old Robert and 27-month-old
Michelle.
Lagen, an Air Force officer, worked at Nellis Air Force
Base, and left her children with a baby-sitter while at work.
On
July 19, 1984, Lagen picked up the kids from the sitter at 3:30
p.m.
At 8:55 p.m., Martineau called 911 and reported that Michelle
was not breathing.
Paramedics responded but were unable to revive
her.
She had no obvious injuries or bruises.
The women told the
paramedics that CPR had been attempted before calling 911.
Michelle was brain-dead on arrival at the hospital, and died
several days later.
The state charged the women with murder,
aiding and abetting murder, and child abuse.
They were tried
jointly in 1987, and convicted of child abuse and involuntary
manslaughter, based on the state's theory that their delay in
calling 911 caused Michelle's death.
(The evidence at trial was
insufficient to sustain the murder charges, since there was no
evidence of beating.)
Each woman was sentenced to 20 years for
child abuse and 6 years for involuntary manslaughter.
The Nevada
Supreme Court reversed the manslaughter convictions, but affirmed
the child abuse convictions, finding that both women were
responsible for Michelle's well-being and that there was testimony
she might have survived had she reached the hospital sooner.
In an opinion by Circuit Judge Goodwin, the court of appeals found
that there was no evidence on the record from which the trial court
could have found beyond a reasonable doubt "that any time elapsed
between the time Michelle's injuries became apparent and the time
appellants called 911; nothing presented at trial proved that Lagen
and Martineau knew Michelle was seriously injured, yet did
nothing."
Goodwin produced an extensive, detailed review of the
trial evidence.
"We recognize that the death of a young child such
as Michelle is an unnatural tragedy, and that, in the face of such
a tragedy, there is a societal incentive to assign blame, to hold
someone responsible," he wrote.
"However, much as the death of a
two-year-old child demands an explanation, we must also be
concerned about due process and the constitutional mandate that all
persons be presumed innocent until proven guilty. . . Given the
Nevada Supreme Court's conclusion that the evidence was
insufficient to permit a jury to convict for manslaughter, the
remaining evidence, circumstantial, medical and direct, simply
cannot be sufficient to convict appellants of willful neglect or
delaying in seeking medical care.
Nothing contradicts appellants'
claim that they did everything they could to save Michelle."
Thus,
after five years in prison, the court ordered that the district
court grant the writ ordering the appellants' release.
Thomas
Beatty and Aubrey Goldberg, both of Las Vegas, represented the
appellants.
A.S.L.
Trial Courts Split on Same-Sex Couple Adoptions; Florida Supreme
Court to Hear Adoption Case
District of Columbia Family Court Chief Judge Susan Winfield denied
the petition of a gay male couple to jointly adopt the daughter
they have been raising as a result of a prior single parent
adoption.
In In re Adoption Petition of Bruce M. and Mark D., 20
Fam.L.R. (BNA) 1307, Case No. A-62-93 (April 20), the court gave a
strict construction to the statutory language of the adoption law,
finding that it was never the intent of the legislature to permit
multiple unmarried adoption petitioners to jointly adopt.
The
court likewise rejected the petitioners' alternative argument that
Mark D. should be allowed to adopt as a second parent without
terminating the rights of the adoptive father, stating that the
termination provision is mandatory.
The court simply disagreed
with the analysis of a prior court in the District of Columbia
which granted the cross-petitions for adoption sought by a lesbian
couple and their two children.
The best interests of the child
simply cannot overrule the strict language of the statute in every
instance, held Winfield.
While recognizing that the child is being
raised in a loving and nurturing home, and noting the fears of what
would happen to the child should Bruce M., the adoptive father,
die, the court gave little consolation in stating that Mark would
retain the option of re-petitioning to adopt at that time.
By contrast, an Illinois circuit court, boosted by the decisions
from the highest courts of Vermont and Massachusetts, has granted
a lesbian couple's motion for reconsideration of a previous
dismissal of their joint adoption petition, which was sought by the
guardian ad litem.
In In re Petition of E.S. and R.L., 1994 WL
157949 (March 14), the court was guided by the statutory
construction used by the Vermont and Massachusetts decisions, since
Illinois had no cases on point factually or legally.
The court
interpreted the adoption law to allow for an adoption to be brought
by "two unmarried individuals, including a parent of the child to
be adopted.
Recognized as a joint petitioner, and as a consenting
parent, the mother's parental rights are protected. . . ."
Given
this language, it remains unclear whether the court would allow a
joint adoption where one of the parties was not already a legal
parent.
Nonetheless, the court determined that the child's best
interests should be paramount in interpreting the law.
The court
rejected constitutional claims, finding a viable solution through
interpretation of the law.
We have no word as to whether the
guardian ad litem, who opposed the adoption, will or can appeal.
P.L.E.
The Florida Supreme Court has announced that it will review the
decision in Dep't of Health and Rehab. Services v. Cox, 627 So.2d
1210 (Fla.App. 1993), in which the court of appeal upheld the
constitutionality of a Florida law disqualifying gays from adopting
children.
The court of appeal decision came as a surprise, because
several Florida trial judges had found the ban unconstitutional.
A.S.L.
North Carolina Court: Calling People "Gay" Not Defamatory Per Se;
New York Court: Use of Model's Picture to Sell Gay Porn May Be
Defamatory Per Se
In Donovan v. Fiumara, 1994 WL 164770 (May 3), the North Carolina
Court of Appeals addressed the question whether an allegation that
an individual is "gay" or "bisexual" may set forth a cause of
action for slander.
The plaintiffs claimed that the defendant had
told other persons in January and June, 1990, that the plaintiffs
were gay and bisexual.
The plaintiffs asserted that these
statements were false, that the statements amounted to slander, and
that as a direct result the plaintiffs had suffered injury to their
reputations, humiliation, and emotional distress.
Each claimed
actual damages in excess of $10,000.
The trial court, however,
granted the defendant's motion to dismiss for failure to state an
actionable claim.
The court of appeals affirmed the dismissal.
Writing for the court, Judge John noted that North Carolina law
distinguishes between two categories of oral defamation, or
slander.
In "slander per se," false remarks in themselves form the
basis of an action for damages, and both malice and damage are
presumed as a matter of law.
In "slander per quod," the false
remarks may sustain an action only when they cause some special
damage, and both malice and special damage must be alleged and
proved.
Since "special damage" means pecuniary loss, but the
plaintiffs in this case had alleged no such los, the court held
that plaintiffs did not establish a claim for slander per quod.
North Carolina recognizes only three types of statements as
supporting a claim for slander per se: those which (1) charge the
plaintiff with a crime or offense involving moral turpitude, (2)
impeach his trade or profession, or (3) impute to him a loathsome
disease.
Plaintiffs argued that because engaging in certain
activity practiced by some homosexuals is a felony under N.C. Gen.
Stat. sec. 14-177, the defendant's statements that plaintiffs are
gay or bisexual imputed to them the commission of a crime.
Thus,
plaintiffs argued that the statements fell within the first type of
statement supporting a claim of slander per se, citing in support
Buck v. Savage, 323 S.W.2d 363 (Tex. Civ. App. 1959) and Head v.
Newton, 596 S.W.2d 209 (Tex. Civ. App. 1980).
The court disagreed, noting that the statute broadly prohibited
conduct such as bestiality, which is "not necessarily embraced
within the terms `gay' and `lesbian,'" while the statute did not
proscribe sexual preference or the status of being homosexual.
In
order to violate the statute, a specific act must be committed.
Since "the label of `gay' or `lesbian' does not carry with it an
automatic reference to any particular sexual activity," the court
opined that referring to a person as gay or bisexual was not
tantamount to charging the person with the commission of a crime.
The court noted that numerous other courts had reached a similar
conclusion, citing Moricoli v. Schwartz, 361 N.E.2d 74 (Ill. Ct.
App. 1977), Morrisette v. Beatte, 17 A.2d 464 (R.I. 1941), and
Steffan v. Aspin, 8 F.3d 57 (D.C.Cir. 1993), in which a panel of
the D.C. Circuit rebuffed the Defense Department's argument that a
declaration of homosexual status gives rise to a presumption that
the declarant will engage in homosexual conduct in violation of
military law.
The court also noted that still other courts have
concluded that a false accusation of homosexuality constitutes
slander per quod, requiring allegation and proof of special damages
as a condition of recovery, citing Boehm v. American Bankers Ins.
Group, Inc., 557 So.2d 91 (Fla. Dist. Ct. App. 1990); Key v. Ohio
Dept. of Rehab. & Corr., 598 N.E.2d 207 (Ohio Ct. Cl. 1990); Hayes
v. Smith, 832 P.2d 1022 (Colo. Ct. App. 1991).
Thus, the court held as a matter of law that the defendant's
alleged statements did not fall within any of the categories of
defamatory utterances considered slander per se.
"As North
Carolina progresses through the mid 1990's," wrote Judge John, "we
are unable to rule the bar allegation that an individual is `gay'
or `bisexual' constitutes today an accusation which, as a matter of
law and absent any `extrinsic, explanatory facts'. . . per se holds
that individual up to `disgrace, ridicule or contempt.'"
Individuals who feel themselves falsely impugned as homosexual,
suggested John, may pursue an action only based upon pleading and
proof of special damages.
K.I.
The N.Y. Appellate Division, 1st Dept., affirming the denial of a
motion to dismiss, has permitted a male model to go forward with a
defamation suit against the publishers of The Advocate for the
allegedly unauthorized use of his picture to advertise a photo book
called "Lust The Body Politic".
Rejent v. Liberation Publications,
Inc., 1994 WL 182104 (May 12).
Justice Sullivan found that "lust",
as used in the ad's caption, carried a "negative overtone of sexual
promiscuity" and was thus "reasonably susceptible of the defamatory
connotation that plaintiff is lustful and sexually promiscuous".
Additionally, Sullivan found that the context in which the ad was
placed, "surrounded by innumerable other suggestive advertisements
of live sex videos, telephone sex talk, erotic devices and sexual
literature," heightened the defamatory impression that plaintiff is
sexually lustful.
The publisher's attempt to convince the court
that "lust" was simply sexual "desire," "appetite," or "craving"
won Sullivan's disfavor.
He described such a definition as
"innocuous" and noted that if such were the meaning of the term,
then it would not have been used by the publisher to describe the
photo book.
The court also noted that libelous words imputing sexual misconduct
to a man have been held defamatory per se, rejecting on
constitutional grounds the notion that there are different
standards for men and women with respect to defamation based on the
imputation of unchastity.
This issue, however, had not been raised
at trial and was left open by the appellate court.
In dissent,
Justice Kupferman argued that plaintiff's voluntarily posing for a
sexually suggestive picture rendered the defamation suit
unsubstantiated, but noted that plaintiff may have a cause of
action for invasion of privacy.
R.B.
Ironically, just weeks after the 1st Department's decision, the
Bergen (N.J.) Record (May 24) reported that Peter Floris, a
bodybuilder who lives in Lodi, N.J., filed a similar lawsuit
against Wild Boyz, Inc., the Chameleon Club in Island Park, N.Y.,
and O'Henry Production Co., claiming invasion of privacy and
defamation based on publication of an upper body photo of Floris on
the cover of a magazine, "On the Wild Side," published by the
defendants to promote their gay club.
Floris claimed to have
suffered emotional distress upon learning of the publication: An
anonymous person placed a copy of the magazine in his mother's
mailbox!
Floris and his photographer, who took the photos for
other purposes connected with Floris' bodybuilding career, claim
that they had turned down all requests to use his photos for gay
erotic publications.
Floris's photo appeared on a popular
postcard, which led to requests from gay businesses.
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership Updates
Austin, Texas, voters approved a ballot measure May 7 that repeals
a domestic partnership policy enacted by the city council last
year.
Sixty-two percent of the voters supported repeal.
The
ballot measure was heavily promoted by conservative religious
groups, which complained as vociferously about extension of health
benefits to heterosexual, unmarried partners as to homosexual
partners. * * * Rochester, New York, enacted two domestic
partnership laws on April 14, when the mayor approved bills passed
by the City Council.
A bill extending benefits to partners of city
employees passed 7-2.
A bill to establish a registry of partners
passed 5-4.
The main controversy about the registration bill
concerned whether it would encourage illegitimacy by removing an
incentive for heterosexuals to marry before having children.
* *
*
The Los Angeles City Council voted May 10 in favor of extending
disability insurance, the employee assistance program, and
catastrophic illness leave policies to recognize domestic partners
of city employees, and directed the city attorney to prepare a
charter amendment that would let the city offer pension benefits to
domestic partners, according to the Los Angeles Times (May 11),
which noted that the council had approved extension of health and
dental benefits to city employees' partners in February.
However,
this coverage only extends thus far to non-union employees, since
collective bargaining agreements for the bulk of city employees are
still in the process of negotiation.
The Council also instructed
the city's Personnel Department to notify other city employee plan
administrators (Department of Water & Power, Police Department,
Fire Department) that they should bring their plan coverage into
line with the city's new policies, according to BNA's Daily Labor
Report No. 92 (May 16). * * * The Baltimore City Council rejected
a proposal to set up a domestic partnership registry and recognize
domestic partners for hospital visitation purposes.
The May 9 vote
was 10-7.
* * *
Fulton County, Georgia, Superior Court Judge
Isaac Jenrette ruled April 28 in McKinney v. City of Atlanta, 20
Fam. L. Rep. (BNA) 1326 (5/17/94), BNA Daily Lab. Rep. No. 82
(5/2/94), p. A-17, that the Atlanta city government lacked
authority to grant benefits to domestic partners of city employees.
The city enacted such a law in 1993, with benefits scheduled to go
into effect Jan. 1, but implementation had been stalled by an
opinion issued by Georgia Attorney General Michael Bowers to the
same effect as Jenrette's opinion.
The city announced it would
appeal.
The opinion does not affect the portion of the law that
allows domestic partners to register with the city and receive an
official certificate.
According to Jenrette, only the state has
authority to legislate as to marital or spousal status, which he
found was the actual effect of the law. * * * Bureau of National
Affairs (BNA), publisher of U.S. Law Week and other legal
publications, has concluded a contract with the Washington-
Baltimore Newspaper Guild under which domestic partnership benefits
will be extended to partners of employees, both same-sex and
opposite-sex.
BNA has recognized domestic partners for other
purposes, such as bereavement leave, for several years, and has a
longstanding policy forbidding sexual orientation discrimination.
* * *
The New York Times Co. has concluded a collective agreement
with the Newspaper Guild, representing editorial and clerical
employees, that will extend eligibility for health insurance to
domestic partners.
The Guild represents about a third of the
employees of the newspaper, according to the Washington Blade (May
13).
Suprisingly, the Times has not reported this development in
its own news pages. * * * The Akron (Ohio) Beacon Journal (May 26)
reported that Genentech, Inc., has become "the largest high-tech
company to provide health benefits to domestic partners of gay
employees."
The policy went into effect June 1. * * * The Campus
Senate at the University of Maryland at College Park voted May 9 to
request implementation of domestic partnership recognition and
benefits.
The decision whether to implement such a policy lies
with University President William Kirwin, who had previously stated
public support for the concept. * * * State Farm Insurance Company
recognized a domestic partnership based on a filing under the
Laguna Beach, California, domestic partnership ordinance, according
to a report in Bay Area Reporter.
Openly gay Councilman Robert
Gentry, who is registered with his partner, filed a claim for
possessions lost by Gentry and his partner when their house burned
down.
State Farm at first denied the claim for the partner's
possessions under Gentry's homeowners policy, but when Gentry then
submitted a copy of the partnership registration, the company
changed its decision and provided the benefits.
State Farms'
regional spokesperson, Robert Blodgett, said that "as the law
moves, so do we.
We are going to look at the local laws and do
whatever is consistent with that community.
Laguna Beach
recognizes domestic partners officially.
The decision was made to
handle it the same as a marriage certificate.
To us, that shows
that the persons are not just roommates, but they have some type of
legal relationship." * * * Ontario, Canada's, New Democratic Party,
achieved control of the provincial legislature with a platform
advocating full recognition for domestic partners.
Now the party
is acting on its promise, having introduced implementing
legislation.
However, recognizing that the issue is a hot one, the
party caucus voted to allow members their independence on this
issue.
As summarized in the Buffalo News of May 15, "employers
would be required to pay family health benefits to the gay partners
of workers.
The provincial Human Rights Code likewise would be
amended to ensure gay and lesbian couples have access to the same
benefits as heterosexuals, and the definition of a spouse would be
altered to include homosexual unions."
Same-sex couples would be
allowed to adopt children jointly, as a couple.
On a first reading
May 15, the bill received an affirmative vote of 57-52.
(See BNA
Daily Labor Report No. 98, 5/24/94.)
Two more votes are required
for final passage.
Many MPs were absent for the May 15 vote, and
it is uncertain whether final passage will be obtained prior to the
scheduled June 15 summer recess.
The 70 NDP members are about
evenly split on the measure, with a similar split among the 35
Liberal Party members; the 22 Conservatives are seen as solidly
opposed. * * *
Responding to a request for a ruling from attorneys
for the Connecticut Civil Liberties Union, Connecticut Comptroller
William E. Curry, Jr., announced in an April 15 letter that he had
instructed the state's Employee Services Bureau's Benefits Division
that same-sex domestic partners should be treated the same as
spouses for purposes of authorizing emergency withdrawals under the
state's Deferred Compensation Program.
Such withdrawals are
authorized "in the event of severe financial hardship to a
participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected illness or
accident of the said participant's same-sex domestic partner. . ."
* * * Duke University President Nan Keohane has recommended
adoption of a domestic partnership policy for same-sex partners of
university employees.
The proposal now goes to a faculty
compensation committee.
The Charlotte Oberserver (May 20) reported
that Northern Telecom, a corporation located in North Carolina's
"Research Triangle" area, will be providing domestic partnership
benefits to both same-sex and opposite-sex couples beginning this
summer. * * *
The University of Wisconsin at Madison and
Physicians Plus, the exclusive contractor for student health
coverage at the university, have concluded an agreement to provide
coverage to domestic partners of students, whether same-sex or
opposite-sex.
The agreement will go into effect Aug. 15 if it is
approved by the state Office of the Commissioner of Insurance,
according to a report in the May 20 Capital Times. * * * The
University of Michigan board of regents voted May 20 to approve a
domestic partnership benefit plan for university employees,
although implementation will await working out details of how to
determine eligibility, according to a story in the Detroit Free
Press of May 21. * * *
Reuters reports that the British
Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) will give to gay employees who have
a formal commitment ceremony the same paid one-week honeymoon
holidy that it gives to newly-married employees.
The benefit as
originally announced also included a $110 gift voucher as a present
to the newlyweds, but after some conservative members of Parliament
denounced the new policy, BBC suspended its award of gift vouchers
to all couples, gay or non-gay, while subjecting the policy to a
"review"!
* * * Greenland, a Danish "dependency," has agreed to
adopt Denmark's gay marriage law and apply it locally, the
parliament having voted in February to ask the Danish parliament to
extend the law to Greenland. * * * A parliamentary committee in
Sweden has approved national domestic partnership legislation, with
a full parliamentary vote expected in June. A.S.L.
Initiative & Referenda Updates
The Oregon Citizens Alliance (OCA) achieved enactment of four more
ballot measures in voting May 17 in Cottage Grove, Oakridge, Veneta
and Roseburg, but failed to attain the 60 percent supermajority
necessary for passage in suburban Gresham, a city that had rejected
Ballot Measure 9 in 1992, where OCA achieved just under 51%.
OCA
also achieved a bare majority in Oakridge, with larger majorities
ranging up to 65% in Roseburg.
After the vote, OCA leaders crowed
about a "moral victory" at having attained a majority in Gresham.
All the measures would prohibit local governments from adopting any
gay rights policies.
All are unenforceable due to a state law
passed last summer that bars municipalities from singling out
people for differential treatment based on homosexuality. * * * The
Washington State Supreme Court announced May 12 that it would not
consider challenges to various anti-gay initiatives now circulating
in the state, dismissing a lawsuit brought by a coalition of civil
rights and religious groups.
The plaintiffs sought to prevent the
divisiveness of a state-wide anti-gay initiative campaign by
getting the high court to bar the measures from the ballot, but to
no avail, according to a May 13 report in the Seattle Post-
Intelligencer. * * * Ohio Attorney General Lee Fisher will file an
amicus brief in the pending challenging to Cincinnati's Issue 3, an
anti-gay initiative intended to repeal taht city's gay rights law
and forbid the adoption of any new pro-gay city policies.
Fisher
will file in support of Equality Foundation, the organization
litigating against Issue 3.
Other amici include the Ohio
Psychological Association and the Ohio Human Rights Bar
Association.
U.S. District Judge Arthur Spiegel has scheduled a
June 20 trial, having preliminarily enjoined Issue 3 from going
into effect after its passage by 62% of the voters in November.
See Equality Foundation of Greater Cincinnati, Inc. v. City of
Cincinnati, 838 F.Supp. 1235 (S.D.Ohio 1993). * * * The U.S.
Supreme Court having refused to intervene in the ongoing dispute
over the validity of a repeal initiative that passed in Tampa,
Florida, last year, the leaders of the Take Back Tampa group vowed
to seek a new referendum next year.
Although voters approved
repeal of the city's gay rights ordinance, the Florida Supreme
Court threw out the result based on violations of state election
laws during petitioning. A.S.L.
Military Law Notes
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit heard argument en
banc in Steffan v. Perry on May 11.
News reports indicated that
the bench appeared sharply split over constitutionality of the
military policy, with most speculating that Steffan may lose his
appeal at this stage by one vote. * * * Deputy Defense Secretary
John Deutch, responding to criticism by U.S. Rep. Gerry Studds (D.-
Mass.), announced that the Pentagon will no longer attempt to
recoup scholarships or enlistment bonuses from lesbian and gay
students or service members who are discharged from ROTC, Reserves
or other units because they are gay, according to a May 18
Washington Post story. * * * Chico State University in California
graduated its last ROTC class May 21.
The school has discontinued
ROTC due to the Pentagon's anti-gay policies.
Other schools that
have banned ROTC recently over this issue include John Jay College
in New York City and Sacramento State University, which will stop
enrolling new students and phase out ROTC as current students
graduate. * * * On May 21, a panel of four military officers
constituting a Federal Recognition Board held what may be the first
hearing applying the new "don't ask, don't tell" policy, according
to a story in the May 22 Sacramento Bee.
The Board was convened in
the case of 1st Lt. Andrew Holmes, who told his California National
Guard superiors last spring that he is gay.
The National Guard is
required to enforce U.S. Defense Department personnel regulations,
and the Recognition Board is to determine whether to extinguish Lt.
Holmes' recognition, thus disqualifying him from continued National
Guard Service.
Holmes' attorney, Paul Wotman, argued at the
hearing that Holmes should be retained due to his exemplary
service.
Captain Tom Tinti, a lawyer representing the Guard,
countered: "The policy does not distinguish between `exemplary' and
`poor' service."
If Holmes is discharged, Wotman contemplates
filing a suit attacking the current policy under state
discrimination law as well as the constitutions, state and federal.
On May 22, the panel announced that it would recommend to the
California National Guard that Holmes be dismissed. A.S.L. * * * In
U.S. v. Modesto, 1994 WL 174428 (U.S. Army Ct. of Military Rev.,
May 10), the appellant, a 17-year veteran who had attained the rank
of colonel in the Dental Corps, appealed his conviction of eight
specifications of "conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman,"
involving commission of sodomy, engaging in mutual masturbation,
indecently touching another male, cross-dressing in public,
performing as a female impersonator in a nightclub, and being
caught "imitating" fellatio with two other men.
The appellant was
sentenced to dismissal, confinement for 9 months, and forfeiture of
pay during confinement.
On appeal, he raised two specifications:
failure to suppress certain evidence seized pursuant to an
allegedly overly broad serach warrant whose execution resulted in
the discovery of some very incriminating evidence of impermissible
sexual activity, and the sufficiency of the evidence as to the
charges relating to cross-dressing and performing as a female
impersonator.
After extensive review of the facts, the warrants
were upheld as not overbroad, and the evidence was found sufficient
to sustain the charges concerning cross-dressing and female
impersonation, notwithstanding that "cross-dressing in a public
place has First Amendment implications. . ."
S.K. * * * In U.S. v.
Huff, 1994 WL 164471 (AFCMR, Apr. 18), a three judge panel affirmed
the dismissal and sentence of an Air Force Lieutenant who was
court-martialed for making a pass at another soldier. Apparently,
following a night of drinking Huff and the other soldier found
themselves in a military dormitory room.
Huff touched the other
man's leg, tried to reach inside his shirt, and tried to undo his
pants. The Air Force Court of Military Review found the evidence of
this conduct sufficient to sustain the convictions for indecent
acts and indecent assault.
In addition, the court affirmed that
Huff's informal social interactions with enlisted men had
compromised his standing as an officer, but stopped short of
finding that his revelation of his sexual orientation was degrading
to his standing as an officer.
The court also found against Huff
on each of his other challenges to his discipline, finding that
there was no misconduct with regard to his allegation that other
soldiers had been intimidated against writing clemency letters in
his support, that Huff was not entitled to speedy trial
accountability, that the punishment was not so severe as to be
inappropriate, and that Huff failed to make a prima facie showing
of selective prosecution in violation of the equal protection
clause. D.W. * * * The ACLU of Southern California reports
settlement of a claim brought by Thomas A. Swann, an openly gay
civilian employee of the Navy.
Swann had filed charges with the
EEOC, claiming discrimination on the basis of Post-Traumatic Stress
Disorder caused by anti-gay harassment against him by Naval
personnel.
At one point, Swann had to take a "stress leave" on the
advice of his doctor rather than be reassigned to a post where he
had previously undergone vicious harassment.
The terms of the
settlement, negotiated by ACLU attorney Alan Friel, are
confidential. A.S.L. * * * The New Zealand Defense Forces lifted
its ban on service by openly lesbian and gay members, according to
the Washington Blade (May 6). A.S.L.
Courts Responding to Gay-Bashing
Jefferson Co., Missouri, Circuit Judge William McAnulty imposed a
533-year sentence May 3 on Tony Jones, convicted of the murder of
Jack Gilman, a 33-year old gay man who was shot in the head in a
park restroom two years ago.
Four high school students testified
that they encountered Jones nearby a few hours before the murder,
carrying a long black gun and saying he was out "hunting humans --
queers," according to the Louisville Courier-Journal.
As part of
his defense, Jones claimed to be bisexual, but the prosecutor's
closing argument asserted that if Jones was really bisexual, his
crime was likely an effort to distance himself from "that half of
himself," according to the C-J story. * * * Maricopa Co., Arizona,
Superior Court Judge Lawrence Anderson sentenced two defendants to
prison for gay-bashing on April 29.
People v. Ramirez and
Enriquez.
According to reports of court testimony, the defendants
were looking for a "fag boy" to rob, found the complainant, Michael
Anthony Senecal, in Encanto Park, where gays were known to hang
out, and robbed, beat and terrorized him.
Anderson rejected a plea
for mercy by the defendants' lawyer, stating that those who commit
hate crimes against those they consider "subhuman" are not entitled
to mercy. * * * In Ohio v. Snead, 1994 WL 189389 (May 12), the Ohio
Court of Appeals, Cuyahoga County, upheld the murder conviction of
Darryl Snead for the shooting death of Larry Reese, a gay man who
was apparently infatuated with Snead.
The jury heard different
accounts of what happened; one plausible account was that Snead, an
ex-convict and drug user, played on Reese's infatuation to lure
Reese into trusting him, then murdered Reese in Snead's apartment.
Snead claimed that he shot Reese in self-defense when Reese
violently attacked him -- sexually and physically -- with a gun in
an attempt to get repayment of money Reese had loaned to Snead.
The court of appeals, in an opinion by Chief Justice Nahra, found
that the evidence was sufficient for the jury to disbelieve Snead's
self-defense story, not least because Reese was shot five times at
close range and a parade of character witnesses testified that
Reese was a non-violent person.
The court's decision does not
mention specifically the sentence imposed on Snead. A.S.L.
Federal Litigation Notes
The 6th Circuit affirmed summary judgment against Duanne B. Kobe,
a Michigan state prisoner who claimed his constitutional rights
were violated when prison officials "refused to allow him to
receive certain mail under a prison regulation that forbids the
receipt of depictions of homosexual activity."
Without any
discussion, the court upheld the lower court, asserting that the
regulation is "reasonably related to legitimate penological
interests."
One suspects that such regulations are easily subject
to abuse, but this decision appears a pro forma application of
similar rulings over the past few years.
Kobe v. McGinnis, 1994 WL
88824 (March 17). * * * Reviving a sexual harassment and invasion
of privacy case, the 10th Circuit ruled May 16 in Lankford and
Calvary v. City of Hobart, 1994 WL 185003, that Nancy E. Calvary,
a former dispatcher in the Hobart, Oklahoma, police department, had
stated a valid cause of action for invasion of privacy against
former police chief Quirino Medrano, arising from Medrano allegedly
using his authority as police chief to obtain Calvary's private
medical records without her consent from a local hospital in an
attempt to discredit her or to prove his statements that she was a
lesbian.
Medrano did this after Calvary rebuffed his sexual
advances and protested about his fondling, obscene gestures and
requests for sexual favors.
The court also reverse trial court
dismissals of sexual harassment claims against the city under Title
VII and against Medrano personally under 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983. * *
* In an unpublished disposition, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
affirmed the district court's dismissal of a sexual orientation
discrimination charge in Green v. Howard University, 1994 WL 118996
(March 31) -- but this is a case with a twist: LuEthel Green
alleged that she was selected for discharge during a force
reduction due to her heterosexuality.
The district court's
decision is unpublished, and the court of appeals did not explicate
further.
A.S.L.
State Litigation Notes
The Louisiana Supreme Court denied a motion for rehearing in State
v. Baxley, 633 So.2d 142 (Feb. 28), on April 6.
In Baxley, the
court refused to address the constitutionality of Louisiana's
sodomy law, holding that defendant Johnny Baxley, arrested for
soliciting a plain clothes police officer, did not have standing to
challenge the law. * * * The N.Y. Appellate Division, 1st
Department, has rejected an argument that the New York City Human
Rights Ordinance, which authorizes a private right of action and
punitive damages as a remedy, is preempted by state law.
Bracker
v. Cohen, 1994 WL 182764 (May 10).
The court held that the state's
human rights law was not intended to "preempt the field of
antidiscrimination law," and that providing punitive damages did
not "contradict" state law, even though the Court of Appeals
previously ruled that punitive damages were not available under the
state human rights law, in Thoreson v. Penthouse International, 80
N.Y.2d 490.
Since the city ordinance covers sexual orientation
discrimination while the state law does not, this ruling buttresses
the validity of New York City's 1986 gay rights law. * * * The
Florida 2nd District Court of Appeal sustained a life sentence for
murder in Guthrie v. State, 1994 WL 180456 (May 11), rejecting
Ronald Guthrie's argument that the trial judge erred by allowing
testimony that Guthrie was the gay lover of Alex Martin, the son of
the murder victim, Elizabeth Martin.
The prosecution's theory of
the case was that Ronald and Alex plotted to murder Alex's mother
in order to collect large insurance proceeds, and that Alex
promised Ronald that if he murdered Elizabeth, Alex would support
him for life.
Prior to the trial Guthrie moved to exclude all
evidence about his homosexuality, contending it would prejudice the
jury against him, and relying on Florida cases holding that
evidence of homosexuality was inadmissible if its sole relevance is
to establish character or propensity for certain conduct.
In an
opinion for the court, Judge Schoonover upheld the trial court's
refusal to exclude the evidence:
"According to the appellant's own
statement, he and Alex Martin discussed killing Ms. Martin in order
that Alex would acquire insurance proceeds and the proceeds from
the sale of the Jacksonville property.
After Alex acquired those
funds he agreed to take care of the appellant for the rest of his
life.
The testimony concerning the homosexual relationship of the
appellant and Alex was relevant to help establish this motive and
therefore was admissible. . .
Furthermore, the trial court did not
err in determining that the probative value of the evidence
outweighed any potential prejudicial impact on the appellant's
trial."
* * * Albert O. Jones owned a Portland, Oregon, bar called
The Eastside, which was a lesbian club featuring country-Western
dance classes.
He decided to change it to a nude-dancing bar for
a non-gay clientele, and renamed it Dooley's Lounge.
Cathlyn
Abbruzzese went into the bar Jan. 6 and was refused service,
claiming she was told by employees that lesbians were no longer
welcome there and any women had to have a male escort to come in.
She filed a $2.2 million damage suit on May 16 against Jones in
Multnomah County Circuit Court, claiming unlawful discrimination on
the basis of sexual orientation and gender in violation of city and
state laws, according to The Oregonian. * * * An Ohio Court of
Appeals panel upheld a finding that an adult bookstore that
provided video booths in which customers masturbated while watching
sexually explicit videos contained a "nuisance" that could be shut
down, but held that the state's evidence submitted at trial was
insufficient to support a finding at trial that individual
employees of the store were guilty of "participating in the
nuisance."
In a carefully nuanced opinion in State v. Video
Visions, Inc., 1994 WL 167925 (April 28), Presiding Judge Gwin
found that the trial judge had avoided potential overbreadth
problems by narrowly tailoring the remedy to closure of the video
booths rather than closure of the entire bookstore.
This
undoubtedly reflected constitutional problems created by the ample
evidence that the police department's nuisance investigation was
sparked by political pressure from the city council to attempt to
put the adult bookstore out of business. * * * While the Virginia
Court of Appeals ponders her custody appeal, Sharon Bottoms is back
in Henrico County Circuit Court before Judge Buford M. Parsons,
Jr., asking for a contempt order against Sharon's mother, who is
blocking the court-ordered visitation to which Sharon is entitled
pending a final decision in her case, according to a May 22 story
in the Richmond Times-Dispatch. A.S.L.
Legislative Notes: Discrimination
Grand Rapids, Michigan, City Commissioners voted 4-3 on May 10 to
approve an ordinance forbidding discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation in housing, employment, and public
accommodations.
Mayor John Logie is a supported of the bill.
Opponents vowed to seek a referendum to repeal the measure.
* * *
Responding to a survey by the American Association of Physicians
for Human Rights that documented discrimination by health care
providers against lesbian and gay patients, U.S. Reps. Gerry Studds
(D.-Mass.) and Lynn Schenck (D.-Cal.) proposed amendments to health
care legislation pending in the House Energy and Commerce Committee
to add an anti-discrimination provision that includes sexual
orientation, which were approved by the Committee. The President's
legislative proposal lacked such protection. Some Republicans
objected that this was a backdoor way of getting a federal gay
rights bill. * * * The Montgomery Co., Maryland, Council voted May
24 to delete a provision from the county human rights law that
permitted employers to exclude gays from positions that involved
working with children.
The provision, included in the 1984 non-
discrimination ordinance at the instigation of Council President
William E. Hanna, Jr., was the focus of a lengthy debate at a prior
council meeting.
Hanna was the only Democrat on the council to
vote against repeal.
The Republicans abstained. A.S.L.
Federal Court Dismisses Suit Against California Bar by Gay Rights
Attorney
U.S. District Judge Caulfield (N.D.Cal.) dismissed a suit brought
by prominent gay rights attorney Richard Gayer against the State
Bar of California, in Gayer v. State Bar of California, 1994 WL
163920 (April 14).
Gayer had asserted a violation of his
constitutional rights by an investigation of his conduct undertaken
by the State Bar.
The invesigation was sparked by some letters to
the editor by Gayer published in legal newspapers in San Francisco
as well as the San Francisco Sentinel, in which Gayer asserted that
several San Francisco trial judges "think disputes between gay
citizens are not worthy of the courts' time" and asserted that
failure of the judges to show concern for his plight at being sued
by "the disgruntled rommate of an AIDS vicitm who did not receive
what he had expected under his deceased roommate's will" had so
angered Gayer that only his "respect for the law and my rejection
of violence" kept him from "loading my shotfun and pumping eight
rounds each into the bodies" of the named judges.
Upon receiving
a copy of the letter in the mail, State Bar officials commenced an
investigation of Gayer's conduct.
Gayer charged that this violated
his First Amendment rights of free speech, and that a general
practice of the State Bar of focusing disciplinary proceedings on
solo and small firm practitioners violated due process and equal
protection requirements as well.
Caulfield found no merit to the
First Amendment claim, citing the 9th Circuit's decision in Pruitt
v. Cheney, 963 F.2d 1160 (9th Cir. 1991), in which the court found
no 1st Amendment violation when the Navy discharged a lesbian
service member after she participated in an interview with a
newspaper about her sexuality.
However, although dismissing his
due process and equal protection claims as inadequately pleaded,
Caulfield held such dismissal as without prejudice with regard to
the two individually named defendants, the president and an
investigator for the State Bar, opining that Gayer might file an
amended complaint more specifically pleading his due process and
equal protection points and seeking only injunctive relief.
However, Caulfield noted that the State Bar had ceased its
investigation and never taken any disciplinary action against
Gayer, thus probably mooting the case, and Caulfield speculated
that Gayer's suit was filed as a strategy to get the State Bar to
abandon its investigation.
Along this line, "and to further the
purposes of Rule 11," Caulfield instructed that any amended
complaint had to specifically address a variety of factual gaps in
the original complaint, including "personal knowledge of facts to
support his claims that the State Bar's policy and practice is to
focus its investigations disproportionately on solo practitioners,
that the investigation of plaintiff was due to his representation
of `gay-related judicial efforts,' and that he was investigated for
an improper reason."
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
The nomination of 1st Circuit Court of Appeals Chief Judge Stephen
Breyer to the Supreme Court by President Clinton on May 13 to
succeed Justice Harry Blackmun does not bring a nominee with a
lengthy record on gay issues.
Review of his 1st Circuit cases
shows only one involving a substantive gay rights issue: In Mathews
v. Marsh, 755 F.2d 182 (1985), Breyer dissented from a decision to
vacate a trial judge's order that a lesbian be reinstated to
military reserve service.
Diane Mathews was dismissed when she
told her commander she was a lesbian.
The trial judge found the
dismissal, based solely on her statement, was a violation of the
1st Amendment.
A majority of the 1st Circuit found that subsequent
statements she made admitting having engaged in homosexual conduct
required them to vacate and remand the case.
Breyer dissented,
indicating he would have decided the case on the merits, but
without intimating his views as to the merits.
The only other
cases in which gay litigants were involved concerned procedural or
habeas corpus issues that did not provide any indication of
Breyer's substantive views. * * * Prodded by Rep. Barney Frank (D.-
Mass.) for a clearer statement of department policy, U.S. Secretary
of State Warren Christopher issued a non-discrimination statement
on April 22 that includes disability and sexual orientation.
Anti-
gay discrimination in the diplomatic corps has been a longstanding
issue with gay rights advocates. * * * Psychology Professor Ilda
Ficher of Widener University announced a study that concludes that
"children raised by lesbian couples are just as psychologically
healthy as children of heterosexual couples," according to the
Philadelphia Inquirer (May 3).
Ficher compared 15 lesbian and 15
heterosexual families, demographically matched, performing detailed
evaluations of the parents and children.
The study showed a slight
advantage on parenting skills for lesbian couples, attributable to
a gender difference with respect to such skills. * * * Los Angeles
Police Chief Willie L. Williams proposed new procedures to address
problems of sexual harassment and sexual orientation
discrimination, including establishment of a special internal
enforcement unit.
Williams is advocating special training to
sensitize police officers.
According to the Los Angeles Times, he
said, "We must also ensure that all the current and future members
of the department receive training to ensure that they fully
understand the policies and procedures relating to discriminatory
behavior in the areas of ethnicity, gender and sexual orientation."
* * * Speaking on Court TV, the new head of the U.S. Justice
Department's Civil Rights Division, Deval Patrick, called for
adding "sexual orientation" to federal hate crimes legislation. *
* * Another first in the sexual revolution: San Francisco Police
Chief Anthony Ribera announced that Officer Stefan Thorne will
continue as a uniformed cop after undergoing sex reassignment
surgery and a name change to Stephanie Thorne, thus becoming
perhaps the first openly post-operative transsexual uniformed
police officer in the nation.
Ribera made the announcement, with
Thorne's permission, to stifle rumors and gossip that had been
sweeping the department, according to news reports.
On another
front, preoperative transsexual Dennis Smith, a Florida state
prison inmate, sued officials at the Martin Correctional
Institution on May 18, charging that they had improperly denied him
estrogen treatments needed to "maintain his female physique,"
according to a May 20 story in the Houston Post.
Smith had been
encarcerated on battery charges in 1990, and was allowed to
maintain estrogen treatments during that imprisonment.
He was
rearrested in 1992 for violation of probation and sent to an all-
male prison, where the treatments were denied, prison officials
asserting that Smith had not legally changed his name and they
considered him male. * * * The American Psychiatric Association, at
its annual meeting in Philadelphia on May 21, put off voting on a
resolution that would have disapproved of attempts by psychiatrists
to attempt to change their patients' sexual orientation.
Responding to opposition from psychiatrists who persist in offering
"treatment" to those dissatisfied with their homosexual
orientation, the resolution was referred back to committee for
"sharpening," according to Association spokesman John Blamphin, who
was quoted by Reuters as follows: "One thing is clear -- that any
kind of therapy can't change one's sexual orientation, but it can
change one's behavior." * * * The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against
Defamation is threatening a boycott of Coca Cola products during
the Stonewall 25 celebration in New York, in response to Coke's
unwillingness to get involved in a controversy in Atlanta (where
Coke is headquartered) over the planned location of some Olympic
events in Cobb County, whose commissioners adopted an anti-gay
policy resolution last year. * * * A student judicial board at the
University of Wisconsin-Whitewater, found that the student senate
violated non-discrimination requirements in the way it dealt with
the gay student association's annual budget request.
The board
ordered that all senators must attend workshops on gay, lesbian and
bisexual issues, cultural sensitivity, and proper meeting decorum,
and called for mandatory leadership training for all senators,
reported the Wisconsin State Journal (May 25). * * * Better late
than never: The Associated Press reported that Outrage, a gay
activist group in London, wrote to Queen Elizabeth II seeking a
posthumous royal pardon for Oscar Wilde, the 19th century Irish
playwright and wit. * * *
Following up on a recent U.N. Human
Rights Committee ruling that the anti-sodomy law in Tasmania,
Australia, violates the International Covenant of Civil and
Political Rights, several gay activists have turned themselves in
to police for committing sodomy, in hopes of sparking a Tasmanian
court decision striking down the law, inasmuch as the state has
made no move to repeal it, according to the Washington Blade (May
20).
Our Australian correspondent, David Buchanan, notes that
Australia has a "relatively adventurous" High Court bench, so the
outcome of litigation should be interesting. A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
New York, Louisiana Courts Consider AIDS-Phobia Claims
Ruling on a motion to dismiss and cross-motion for summary
judgment, N.Y. State Supreme Court Justice Charles E. Ramos (N.Y.
County) ruled May 9 in Mason v. Calhoun, NYLJ, 5/17, p.22, that a
trial would be necessary to determine the validity of Paul Mason's
AIDS-phobia claim against the estate of his deceased lover,
Lawrence Jacobs.
Jacobs' executrix had asserted that Mason's claim
was unprecedented under New York law, as well as being time-barred.
According to the complaint, Mason, who had recently tested negative
for HIV prior to surgery, met Jacobs in a bar early in June 1988,
at which time the two men discussed their HIV status, both stating
they had tested negative.
At the time Jacobs was living with
Herbert Green, who had AIDS, and, as Jacobs confessed to Mason in
December of 1988, Jacobs had not been tested at the time he met
Mason.
Jacobs and Mason commenced a sexual relationship a few
weeks later which included unprotected anal sex.
In August, Mason
moved in with Jacobs at a time when Green was supposedly away at
their house in Pennsylvania.
In September 1988 Jacobs tested HIV+
and told Mason; henceforth, the men had only protected sex.
Mason
claims that Jacobs confessed in December 1988 that "all of his
previous assurances that he had tested negative for HIV in the past
were false." Mason ended his sexual relationship with Jacobs, and
subsequently terminated their relationship entirely.
Green
subsequently died from AIDS-related lymphona in January 1991, and
Jacobs died in March 1991.
Mason claims that he had been perfectly
well prior to Jacobs' confession, but had suffered severe emotional
consequences afterwards.
"As a result of this ordeal," wrote
Ramos, "plaintiff cannot hold down a job, feels depressed, anxious,
and physically ill.
Although his HIV tests have all returned
negative he has become symptomatic of an individual with HIV,
including a drop in weight from 185 lbs to 162 lbs, a T-cell count
of 586 and other medical difficulties."
Mason sued Jacobs' estate for fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, and
intentional infliction of emotional distress.
The estate moved to
dismiss, denying Mason's allegations and asserting that Mason knew
or should have known of the risk of HIV infection and thus assumed
the risk.
The estate also raised a statute of limitations claim.
In a thorough opinion, Ramos disposed of most of the estate's
arguments, but concluded that factual issues prevented an award of
summary judgment to Mason.
Ramos carefully distinguished between
AIDS-hysteria, which he described as a claim involving "irrational
fear of contact with individuals who potentially may be HIV
positive," and AIDS-phobia, which he described as a claim involving
"actual exposure to the disease, usually involving sexual contact."
In this case, Mason claimed to have tape recordings of telephone
conversations with Jacobs in which Jacobs admitted to having lied
about his knowledge of his HIV status at the time the men were
engaging in unprotected intercourse, thus creating a live factual
issue for trial on the question of fraud.
More significantly,
Ramos found that any assumption of risk defense would have to be
proved at trial, and since New York is a comparative fault
jurisdiction, even if a jury found some negligence on the part of
Mason, that would not necessarily preclude finding liability on the
part of Jacobs.
Ramos found that the cases relied upon by the
defense were all distinguishable as falling more properly in the
AIDS-hysteria than AIDS-phobia classification.
And, on the issue
of statute of limitations, Ramos found that a six-year statute for
fraud might apply to the case, thus knocking out the defense which,
in any event, turned on disputed factual issues that would require
trial.
The defense also argued that since he had not yet
seroconverted, Mason had suffered no injury and might never develop
AIDS, submitted an affidavit from a doctor in support of this
claim.
Ramos rejected this argument as well, noting Mason's
alleged symptoms and holding that he could not rule as a matter of
law that an HIV-seronegative plaintiff could not bring an action
for AIDS-phobia, certainly not on the basis of an affidavit from a
doctor who had not examined the plaintiff and had not been
subjected to cross-examination at trial.
One hopes that Ramos' thorough decision will achieve official
publication.
Mason is represented in the litigation by the firm of
LeGaL board member Lori Cohen. A.S.L.
A hospital patient who was mistakenly given someone else's blood
could sue for mental anguish over fear of contracting AIDS, even
though she was not infected, a Louisiana appeals court ruled. The
court in Bordelon v. St. Frances Cabrini Hospital, 1994 WL 164668
(3d Cir., May 4), applied relatively expansive reasoning in
allowing an "AIDS-phobia" suit. The plaintiff had donated blood to
be used in her hysterectomy surgery if needed, but during the
operation she was given someone else's blood instead.
The trial
court dismissed her claim for mental anguish, but the Court of
Appeal reversed and remanded for trial.
The appellate court found
the hospital breached a duty of care by failing to give the patient
her own blood, and determined that her "genuine and reasonable fear
of contracting AIDS" was a foreseeable consequence of the breach.
In medical claims, wrote Judge Woodard, the burden of foreseeable
losses should be placed on defendants rather than "innocent
victims," adding that since AIDS is incurable, the need for
extraordinary efforts to prevent it was "obviously a policy
consideration."
K.R.
(Note: Under N.Y. Judge Ramos's typology,
Bordelon's case seems more of an "AIDS-hysteria" case than an
"AIDS-phobia" case, since there is no indication that Ms. Bordelon
was actually exposed to HIV-infected blood. A.S.L.)
HIV Transmission Litigation Developments
An Associated Press story widely published on May 15 reported that
documents placed under protective orders in a variety of HIV
transfusion cases showed that various blood banking officials
actually believed that AIDS could be transmitted through blood
transfusions early in 1983, even as the industry was denying that
a solid enough link had been established to justify using a
surrogate test for hepatitis B in order to screen donated blood.
At that time the virus implicated in AIDS had not yet been
discovered, but epidemiologists had already noted cases of AIDS
among hemophiliacs and former surgical patients.
According to one
memo from early 1983, Paul Cumming, a Red Cross planning and
marketing manager, wrote: "Availale evidence strongly suggests that
AIDS is transmissible" through blood.
Contacted by A.P. for this
story, Cumming denied that any mistakes were make, stating that
"there was no scientific evidence" and that the hepatitis test
would have been bad for this purpose because it would produce
numerous false positive results. * * * N.Y. State Supreme Court
Justice Angela Mazzarelli (N.Y. County) ruled in Chambarry v. Mt.
Sinai Hospital, NYLJ, May 24, p. 21, that the estates of a husband
and wife who died from AIDS could maintain a cause of action for
wrongful death, even though the source of HIV infection was alleged
to be a transfusion received by the husband in a 1981 heart
operation and subsequently transmitted to the wife sexually in 1985
or later.
Although the complaint originally filed by the husband
in 1991 prior to his death (the wife had recently died) focused on
the alleged transmission to him, amended complaints filed by the
estates of the couple focused instead on Mt. Sinai's failure to
identify Mr. Anast in a "look-back" program the hospital instituted
in 1986 to identify previous transfusion recipients who might have
been infected.
The first the Anasts learned of their HIV infection
came in 1989.
The plaintiff-estates claim that had Mr. Anast been
notified promptly after the HIV antibody test was made available to
hospitals in 1985, at a time when he had not yet resumed sexual
relations with Mrs. Anast, she might not have been infected; in
additionally, plaintiffs allege that the delay in notification
deprived the Anasts of the possibility of obtaining treatments that
could have extended their lives.
The hospital moved to dismiss on
a variety of grounds, including statute of limitations and direct
challenges to the plaintiffs' legal theories.
Justice Mazzarelli
found the case covered by a 3-year negligence statute of
limitations that began running in 1989 when the Anasts learned of
their infection, making both the original and amended complaints
timely.
She also found that the amended complaint stated valid
negligence claims that raised contested factual issues requiring
trial.
The recognition of a cause of action for a negligently
operated look-back program raises the possibility of at least some
liability for HIV transmission dating prior to the 1984
identification of HIV, or even the 1983 admissions by blood bankers
that a blood-borne pathogen might be implicated in AIDS. * * *
Connecticut Superior Court Judge Lewis ruled April 12 in Wills v.
Stamford Hospital, 1994 WL 146406, that an HIV transfusion case
should be dismissed on summary judgment due to the plaintiff's
failure to offer expert testimony in support of her allegations.
Although the complaint stated both negligence and breach of
contract claims, the court found that it was essentially a
malpractice case, and that expert testimony is necessary on the
issue of whether the appropriate standard of care was used by the
defendant in providing health care to the plaintiff. * * * Round 3
for the Colemans: When we last saw them, in Coleman v. American Red
Cross, 145 F.R.D. 422 (E.D.Mich. 1993), Cheryl and Gerry Coleman
had been thrown out of court by a federal trial judge because their
attorney disobeyed a discovery order and attempted to file suit
against a HIV+ blood donor whose identity had been secured through
a slip-up by the Red Cross in responding to a discovery request.
Now the 6th Circuit has decided, by 2-1 vote, that the Colemans
should not be punished because of the misdeeds of their lawyer, and
has reinstated their suit against the Red Cross in connection with
a 1984 transfusion from which Mrs. Coleman allegedly became HIV-
infected.
Dissenting, Judge Ryan points out that in this kind of
case, where the plaintiff's lawyer is working on contingency, the
client and lawyers are partners in the enterprise, thus justifying
dismissing the case for the lawyer's misdeeds.
See 1994 WL 185927
(May 16). * * *
The Court of Appeals of Oregon holds in Doe v.
American Red Cross, 1994 WL 182754 (May 11) that the statute of
limitations on an HIV-transmission claim stemming from a 1985
transfusion began to run not in 1987 when the patient was informed
that he was HIV+, but rather in 1990 when he was diagnosed with
AIDS.
The trial court dismissed the suit (filed in 1991) on
limitations grounds, finding that the cause of action accrued when
plaintiff was first notified of his infection.
Reversing, the
court of appeals accepted the plaintiff's argument that he should
not be held to have known he had suffered an actionable harm in
1987 because (quoting a 1991 Pennsylvania case) "Although it is
known presently that HIV infection . . . ultimately causes the
death of many persons so infected, this was not the state of
knowledge during 1984 through 1988.
Instead, during this time
period, over ninety percent of infected persons were thought to be
immune to the virus." The alert reader asks: Thought by whom to be
immune?
This revisionist history is great for plaintiffs' lawyers
(and the executors of plaintiffs who are the ones most likely to
realize damages in HIV transmission cases), but what is its social
utility? * * * In Doe v. Cutter Biological, 1994 WL 184830 (May
12), the U.S. District Court for Idaho dismissed a suit by a
hemophiliac who was unable to specify which manufacturer of Factor
VIII was specifically responsible for his HIV infection.
The court
had certified to the Idaho Supreme Court the question whether Idaho
would follow those states that allow a consumer to sue several
manufacturers in an industry and collect damages by showing an
inadequate standard of care in the industry.
The Idaho Supreme
Court refused to answer the certified question, "much to this
court's dismay," commented District Judge Ryan.
Undertaking an
independent analysis of Idaho law, the court concluded that none of
the joint liability theories argued by the plaintiff would be
upheld by the Idaho courts, and dismissed the case. Neither the
Idaho legislature nor the highest court of this state has declared
that, without proof of causation, a plaintiff, such as John Doe,
should be able to recover against providers of Factor VIII
concentrates, such as Miles and Armour. . . With the advent of tort
reform and the Idaho legislature's virtual abolition of joint and
several liability, this court is hard pressed to conclude that the
public policy of Idaho supports an expansion of Idaho's traditional
tort law. . .
From the Order Declining to Accept Certification,
this court infers that the highest court of Idaho either found that
Idaho's tort law cannot or should not be expanded given the
abolition of joint and several liability under Idaho Code sec. 6-
803 and/or the express language of Idaho's blood shield statute
under Idaho Code sec. 39-3702." A.S.L.
Federal Litigation Notes
In Tyler v. City of Manhattan, 1994 WL 150703 (D.Kan., April 20),
a public services cases brought under the Americans With
Disabilities Act, U.S. District Judge Keith Saffels ruled on a
question of first impression that ADA does not afford a jury trial
in a public services cases.
(The specific charge was that the city
had not made its various services, activities and programs
accessible to persons with disabilities.)
Saffels also ruled that
compensatory damages for anguish, emotional distress and
humiliation are not available in an ADA public services case,
distinguishing a recent district court decision in the same circuit
that had awarded such damages in a S 504 employment case involve an
HIV+ municipal employee, Tanberg v. Weld County Sheriff, 787
F.Supp. 970 (D. Colo. 1992).
Saffels found intentional employment
discrimination to be sufficiently distinguishable from a city's
failure to implement accessibility policies for the benefit of the
public to warrant a difference in approach in the remedial stage,
opining that injunctive relief was the most suitable remedy in such
a case. * * * U.S. District Judge Bartle has ordered the news
divisions of ABC, NBC and CBS to make available for in camera
viewing outtakes of interviews conducted with the plaintiff in Doe
v. Kahn, Nast & Graf, P.C., 1994 WL 193867 (E.D.Pa., May 19).
Plaintiff, a gay HIV+ lawyer, alleges he was fired by his
Philadelphia law firm employer in December 1992 because of his HIV
status.
News reports about his lawsuit came out shortly before the
release of the movie Philadelphia, capturing media interest and
leading to interviews with him by the three major TV networks.
The
defendant lawfirm sought discovery of outtakes (unused portions) of
those interviews, claiming that contradictions between statements
in the interviews and statements at plaintiff's deposition would be
admissible as admissions against interest and might be useful to
impeach plaintiff's testimony at trial.
The networks resisted
disclosure on grounds of 1st Amendment privilege.
Judge Bartle
found that statements on the outtakes were "unique," thus otherwise
unavailable, and potentially relevant, but would not go so far as
to order disclosure to the defendants; rather Bartle ordered
submission of the outtakes to the court for viewing, so that the
court could determine whether anything plaintiff said on the
outtakes fully met the tests for compelled disclosure of material
in the possession of a non-party. * * * An attorney charging a
small law firm (10 employees) that he was unlawfully discharged
because he has AIDS brought suit in U.S. District Court in
Philadelphia under the Americans With Disabilities Act, which until
late July, 1994, applies only to employers of 25 or more persons.
The defendant Shapiro Law Firm moved to dismiss on jurisdictional
grounds, but U.S. District Judge Robert S. Gawthrop ruled April 26
in Doe v. Shapiro, No. 94-0925, that the small firm was tantamount
to being the legal department of Walnut Equipment Leasing Companies
and Equipment Leasing Corp. of America, large operations, so that
ADA jurisdiction should be asserted.
The John Doe plaintiff had
named the leasing companies as co-defendants, and Gawthorp found
that from 90 to 99 percent of the cases handled by the Shapiro firm
involved these related leasing companies.
Here is piercing the
corporate veil with a vengeance!
See BNA Daily Labor Report No.
86, 5/6/94, at A-1. A.S.L.
State Litigation Notes
The Ohio Court of Appeals, Cuyahoga Co., affirmed a decision
dismissing a wrongful discharge claim by a store guard who suffered
a bite from a shoplifting suspect.
Radikovich v. The Higbee Co.,
1994 WL 189409 (Ohio App., 8th Dist., May 12).
The guard asked the
employer to obtain HIV testing of the suspect, and was subsequently
discharged for insubordination when he refused to perform requested
tasks until the company did something about his request.
The court
of appeals agreed with the trial court that the guard was an at-
will employee, and that his discharge under the circumstances did
not violate any public policy of Ohio. A.S.L. * * * The Minnesota
Court of Appeals, in Taylor v. Hennepin County, 1994 WL 175010 (May
10), upheld an administrativ determination that a prisoner's claim
for discrimination in the provision of public services on the basis
of a disability (AIDS) abated when the plaintiff subsequently died.
Plaintiff Steven Taylor, a prisoner in the Hennepin Co. Adult
Correctional Facility, disclosed his HIV+ status to prison
authorities.
The facility -- pursuant to its procedures for
handling inmates with bloodborne diseases -- imposed certain
requirements regarding his personal hygiene, his interaction with
other inmates, and his special responsibility to clean his cell
walls.
He sought damages in the Department of Human Rights for
pain and suffering, an injunction, costs and attorneys' fees under
Minn. Stat. sec. 363.03(4)(1).
The ALJ dismissed Taylor's claim on
the ground that the cause of action abated upon Taylor's death.
On
appeal, his estate argued that the Act provides for survival of a
cause of action by defining a "person" who may bring a civil action
as, inter alia, a "legal representative."
The appellate court held
that Taylor's reliance on such textual language was a "slender
reed," and that the term "legal representative" was intended by the
legislature to allow suits on behalf of those who cannot bring
suits themselves.
More generally, under Minnesota's general
survival provision in sec. 573-01-02, a cause of action for injury
to the person dies with the person in whose favor it exists.
The
court determined that Taylor's civil rights claim arose out of
"injury to the person," and thus did not survive his death,
affirming the ALJ's decision to dismiss the claim. B.M. * * * In
Doe v. Marselle, 1994 WL 185662 (April 29), the Connecticut
Superior Court adopted a strict construction of that state's HIV
confidentiality law, which authorizes a private right of action for
damages against anybody who makes a "wilful disclosure" of another
person's HIV status.
One of the defendants is a doctor, who
apparently authorized a co-defendant to inform certain other
individuals who were friends of the plaintiff that they may have
been exposed to HIV.
The doctor told this co-defendant not to use
the plaintiff's name in spreading such information.
The plaintiff
alleged that the co-defendant subsequently spread the information
about the plaintiff further, to other of her acquaintances.
In
dismissing the portion of the complaint aimed at the doctor, the
court found that his failure to inform the co-defendant of the
statutory prohibition was "at worst, some type of negligence -- but
certainly not wilful behavior."
A.S.L. * * * Alameda County
(California) Superior Court Judge Marie Bertillion Collins awarded
$729,000 in damages to Frank Perrault, who was discharged by
Educational Testing Service, Inc., after informed his supervisor he
was HIV+.
The award included $428,770 in economic, $250,000 in
noneconomic, and $50,000 in emotional damages.
Collins found that
Perrault had suffered disability discrimination, race
discrimination (he is African-American), and negligent infliction
of emotional distress.
See BNA Daily Labor Report No. 88, 5/10/94,
at A-5. A.S.L. * * * The Missouri Court of Appeals has quashed a
rule adopted by the judges of the 19th Judicial Circuit in that
state, under which no prisoner would be allowed in the courthouse
unless the Corrections Department first advised the court of any
infectious condition (including HIV infection) of the prisoner.
In
State v. Kinder, 1994 WL 199820 (Mo. Ct. App., W.D., May 24), the
Corrections Director challenged the validity of the court rule in
light of state confidentiality laws pertaining to HIV infection.
In an opinion by Presiding Judge Lowenstein, the court agreed with
the Director that none of the reasons articulated by the circuit
judges for their rule overcame the confidentiality requirements of
state law or constitutional privacy rights.
"The government here
is a circuit court, which does not house or treat inmates, and its
employees and spectators will have only casual contact with
prisoners, and it has not shown a compelling interest; therefore,
the reason for the Rule cannot be upheld.
The activities which
cause transmittal of the HIV virus [sic] should not occur in court;
and adequate safeguards can be universally used as to all litigants
in court."
Thus, the trial court's mandate ordering the Director
to divulge HIV information about prisoners was "improvidently
granted," wrote Lowenstein, being a violation of state
confidentiality law and privacy rights under both the federal and
state constitutions. A.S.L. * * * A San Mateo (California) County
Superior Court jury found that Delta Airlines violated employee
Joseph Sullivan's privacy by compiling a list of HIV+ employees
that was shared with various management officials and that included
Sullivan's name.
The jury also found a violation of state law
requiring reasonable accommodation for employees seeking treatment
for substance abuse.
But the jury deadlocked on Sullivan's charge
that he was fired because of his HIV status, and failed to agree on
punitive damages.
The jury settled on a $275,000 damage award.
See BNA Daily Labor Report No. 89, 5/11/94, at A-9. A.S.L.
Study Shows AIDS Costs for Employers Lower Than Expected
A study conducted by Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Rochester, N.Y., and
Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Chicago found that employers spend a
maximum of $32,000 over five years for an HIV-infected employee,
far less than the $100,000+ lifetime figures frequently bandied
about.
See BNA Daily Labor Report No. 85, 5/5/94, p. A-8.
The
study finds that costs escalate for end-stage AIDS, but that for
HIV-infected employees the median time from infection to diagnosed
AIDS is ten years, thus delaying the major expenses associated with
the illness.
The study is published in the Spring 1994 issue of
Inquiry, a magazine published by Blue Cross/Blue Shield.
For
information about the study, call 716-264-9122.
* * *
For an
interesting commentary on the use of mistakenly large cost figures
to make AIDS policy decisions, see the article by Green,
Oppenheimer and Wintfeld cited below. A.S.L.
Dispute Erupts Over AIDS Funding for Catholic Charities
The City of San Francisco requires contractors for AIDS services to
certify that "the sexual orientation of [the] contractor's staff
and board of directors [is] representative of the target population
being served."
Catholic Charities, a major AIDS service
contractor, has refused to reveal the sexual orientation of staff
and board members.
While maintaining that they undoubtedly have
gay people on staff and on the board, CC refuses to inquire into
sexual orientation.
"We are very sensitive to people's right to
privacy," proclaimed chief executive Frank Hudson, but San
Francisco Public Health Commission has put off approving some new
contracts until CC agrees to comply.
Ultimately, $1.5 million in
contracts may be at risk, according to the San Francisco Chronicle
of May 20.
A.S.L.
ANNOUNCEMENTS & PUBLICATIONS NOTED
ANNOUNCEMENTS
The National Center for Lesbian Rights is looking for a new Legal
Director, to oversee NCLR's litigation, community and judicial
education and other activities.
The position is based in San
Francisco and requires 30-60 days of travel per year.
Applicants
should be admitted to law practice with a minimum of 5 years legal
experience (which may include law teaching experience), excellent
writing skills, experience working in a multicultural environment
and supervising staff.
Familiarity with civil rights and women's
rights issues as well as gay/lesbian legal issues is required.
Salary depends on experience; full benefits package.
Send resumes
and writing samples, together with a cover letter, to: Liz
Hendrickson, Executive Director, NCLR, 870 Market Street, Suite
570, San Francisco, CA 94102.
Interviewing will begin in July.
NCLR is an equal opportunity employer.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Baird, Bill, The Politics of God, Government, and Sex: A Thirty-
One-Year Crusade, 13 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 139 (1993) (colorful
autobiographical statement by pioneering leader in sex law reform).
Berger, Raoul, Suzanna and -- the Ninth Amendment, 1994 Brigham
Young U. L. Rev. 51.
Brant, Joanne C., "Our Shield Belongs to the Lord": Religious
Employers and A Constitutional Right to Discriminate, 21 Hastings
Const. L.Q. 275 (Winter 1994).
Brill, Howard W., Sex and the Client: Ten Reasons to Say "No!", 33
Santa Clara L. Rev. 651 (1993).
Burrington, Debra D., Constructing the Outlaw, Outing the Law, and
Throwing Out the Law, 1994 Utah L. Rev.
Calhoun, Cheshire, Separating Lesbian Theory from Feminist Theory,
104 Ethics 558 (April 1994).
Dammich, Edward J., and Terence K. Wolfe, Out a Second Time: Gay
Heterodoxy on the Question of Abortion, 13 St. Louis U. Pub. L.
Rev. 253 (1993) (argument that gays should oppose abortion).
Danielsen, Dan, Law and Violence, 1994 Utah L. Rev. 247.
Dunlap, Aklilu, The Bellows of Dying Elephants: Gay-, Lesbian-, and
Bisexual-Protective Hate Crime Statutes after R.A.V. v. City of St.
Paul, 12 L. & Inequality 205 (Dec. 1993).
Fleisher, Marc, Down the Passage Which We Should Not Take: The
Folly of Hate Crime Legislation, 2 J. L. & Policy 1 (1994).
Friedman, Lawrence, Regulating Hate Speech at Public Universities
After R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul, 37 Howard L.J. 1 (Fall 1993).
Helms, Jesse, Is It Art or Tax-Paid Obscenity? The NEA Controversy,
2 J. L. & Policy 99 (1994) (Jesse asks the question, you know the
answer!).
Huber, Arlene Browand, Children at Risk in the Politics of Child
Custody Suits: Acknowledging Their Needs for Nurture, 32 U.
Louisville J. Fam. L. 33 (1993-94).
Kmiec, Douglas W., America's `Cultural War' - The Sinister Denial
of Virtue and the Decline of Natural Law, 13 St. Louis U. Pub. L.
Rev. 183 (1993) (Meet the Devil - Reaganaut summons the force of
"natural law" to argue against gay rights, among other things).
Kogan, Terry S., Legislative Violence Against Lesbians and Gay Men,
1994 Utah L. Rev. 209.
Martinez, Theresa A., Embracing the Outlaws: Deviance at the
Intersection of Race, Class, and Gender, 1994 Utah L. Rev. 193.
McClain, Linda C., Rights and Irresponsibility, 43 Duke L.J. 989
(March 1994).
Roberts, Dorothy E., Deviance, Resistance, and Love, 1994 Utah L.
Rev. 179.
Schlamm, Peter R., and Harvey M. Stone, Eastern District Roundup:
Challenge to the Policy on Gays in Military, N.Y.L.J., May 13,
1994, at 3.
Spiropoulos, Andrew C., Natural Right and the Constitution:
Principle as Purpose and Limit, 13 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 285
(1993).
Work, Clemens P., Whose Privacy?, 55 Montana L. Rev. 209 (Winter
1994) (regarding newspaper publication of "private" matters).
Student Notes & Comments:
Fenton, Alison T., Constitutional Law - First Amendment -
Overbreadth Doctrine - Hate Crimes - Penalty Enhancement. . . [note
on Wisconsin v. Mitchell], 32 Duquesne L. Rev. 939 (Summer 1994).
Gaede, Donovan W., Constitutional Law - Policing the Obscene:
Modern Obscenity Doctrine Re-Evaluated, 18 S. Ill. U. L. J. 439
(Winter 1994).
Gaede, Donovan W., Constitutional Law - Why the Supreme Court Hates
Hate-Crime Ordinances. R.A.V. v. St. Paul, 18 S. Ill. U. L. J. 481
(Winter 1994).
Henry, Vickie L., A Tale of Three Women: A Survey of the Rights and
Responsibilities of Unmarried Women Who Conceive by Alternative
Insemination and a Model for Legislative Reform, 19 Am. J. L. &
Med. 285 (1993).
Hohengarten, William M., Same-Sex Marriage and the Right of
Privacy, 103 Yale L.J. 1495 (April 1994).
Idleman, Scott C., The Role of Religious Values in Judicial
Decision Making, 68 Ind. L.J. 433 (Spring 1993).
Mueller, Robert C., Donahue v. Fair Employment and Housing
Commission: A Free Exercise Defense to Marital Status
Discrimination?, 74 Boston U. L. Rev. 145 (Jan. 1994).
Namazi, Nooshin, and James H. Cahill, University Hate Speech Codes:
A Necessary Method in the Process of Eradicating the Universal
Wrong of Racism, 10 Touro L. Rev. 561 (Winter 1994).
Serratelli, Arthur, Surrogate Motherhood Contracts: Should the
British or Canadian Model Fill the U.S. Legislative Vacuum?, 26
George Wash. J. Int'l L. & Econ. 633 (1993).
Book Reviews:
Sears, Brad, Review of Lesbians, Gay Men, and the Law by William B.
Rubenstein, 29 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 257 (Winter
1994).
Specially Noted:
In Created Equal: Why Gay Rights Matter to America (St. Martin's
Press, 1994), novelist Michael Nava and historian Robert Dawidoff
set themselves much the same task as did philosopher Richard Mohr
in A More Perfect Union (Beacon Press, 1994), published a few
months ago: to persuade non-gay Americans that it is in their
interest to support equal rights for lesbians and gay men.
It
strikes this reader that neither of these books is likely to be
read by many non-gay people, but both may contribute to helping gay
people figure out where we stand on a variety of important
questions.
The Mohr book is compact, a quick, tightly-argued
essay; Nava and Dawidoff are much wordier and occasionally
repetitious.
Both books are worth reading.
Symposia:
The Role of Religion in Public Debate in a Liberal Society, 30 San
Diego L. Rev. No. 4 (Nov-Dec 1993) (although homosexuality is only
briefly mentioned in passing, the subject matter of this symposium
is crucial to gay rights argumentation).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Anderson, Barbara Matthews, "First Do No Harm. . .": Can
Restrictions on HIV-Infected Health Care Workers Be Justified?, 33
Santa Clara L. Rev. 603 (1993).
Bacon, David L., ERISA Preemption and Health Care, 23 The Brief No.
3, 16 (Spring 1994).
Benesch, Katherine, AIDS and the ADA in the Health Care Workplace,
23 The Brief No. 3, 22 (Spring 1994).
Bobinski, Mary Anne, Autonomy and Privacy: Protecting Patients from
Their Physicians, 55 U. Pitt. L. Rev. 291 (Winter 1994).
Bruyere, Michael P., Damage Control for Victims of Physical Assault
- Testing the Innocent for AIDS, 21 Fla. St. U. L. Rev. 945 (Winter
1994).
Green, Jesse, Gerald M. Oppenheimer, and Neil Wintfeld, The
$147,000 Misunderstanding: Repercussions of Overestimating the Cost
of AIDS, 19 J. Health Politics, Policy & L. 69 (Spring 1994)
(fascinating demonstration of erroneous early high estimate of AIDS
treatment costs, and resulting distortions of public policy).
Mann, Jonathan, Daniel Tarantola, Jeff O'Malley, and the Global
AIDS Policy Coalition, Toward a New Health Care Strategy to Control
the HIV/AIDS Pandemic, 22 J. L., Med. & Ethics 41 (Spring 1994).
Ponte, Lucille M., AIDS Anxiety in the Workplace: A Review of Labor
Arbitration Awards, 23 Southwestern U. L. Rev. 253 (1994).
Stewart, Tracy M., and N. Dickon Reppucci, AIDS and Murder:
Decisions Regarding the Maintenance of Confidentiality Versus the
Duty to Protect, 18 L. & Hum. Behavior 107 (April 1994).
Student Notes & Comments:
Brinkley, P. Dean, Health Care Worker's Legal Duty to Disclose HIV-
Positive Status to Patients Before Performing Invasive Procedures,
29 Tulsa L.J. 429 (Winter 1993).
Gabel, Jody B., Liability for `Knowing' Transmission of HIV: The
Evolution of a Duty to Disclose, 21 Fla. St. U. L. Rev. 981 (Winter
1994).
Korsten, Lisa M., The Global Market for Blood: A Proposal for
Expansion and a Consistent System of International Regulation, 11
Boston U. Int'l. L.J. 227 (Spring 1993).
Prosecutor's Improper Questioning of Witness Regarding HIV Status
Does Not Deny Defendant Right to Fair Trial, 27 Suff. U. L. Rev.
474 (1993) (R.I. Law Survey).
Book Reviews:
Eskridge, William N., Jr., and Brian D. Weimer, The Economics
Epidemic in an AIDS Perspective: Private Choices and Public Health:
The AIDS Epidemic in an Economic Perspective by Thomas J. Philipson
& Richard A. Posner, 61 U. Chi. L. Rev. 733 (Spring 1994) (takes
apart Philipson & Posner's economic analysis of AIDS policy
choices).
Editor's Note:
Law Notes now goes on its summer schedule.
A combined July/August
issue will be published in mid-July, and regular monthly
publication will resume with the September issue. * * * All points
of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of identified
writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian and Gay Law
Association of Greater New York.
Correspondence pertinent to
issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be published
subject to editing.
