https://www.csl.edu/legal-information/
Skip to main content
Legal Information
Acceptable Use PolicyTriangle
For our Acceptable Use Policy, click here.
Annual Campus Fire Safety and Security ReportTriangle
This report is available to all students, faculty, staff and potential students. You may obtain this report in one of the following ways:
By written request via email at haguem@csl.edu
By written request via mail to:
Concordia Seminary St. Louis
Campus Safety, Attention Martin Hague
801 Seminary Place
St. Louis, MO 63105
Through SemNet
Concordia Seminary will prepare and distribute the Annual Campus Fire Safety and Security report each fall. This document also includes Missing Person Procedures and Emergency Response and Evacuation Procedures.
Archived CatalogsTriangle
View archived catalogs, which include descriptions of academic programs and degree offerings.
FERPATriangle
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act affords students certain rights with respect to their educational records. Hard copies are maintained in the Registrar’s Office. Student must complete the opt-out form the first week of the quarter.
FERPA Notification Form
Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics ActTriangle
To access information on crime and fire statistics for the previous three years as stipulated by the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (originally known as the “Crime Awareness and Security Act of 1990”) and the Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008, please visit http://ope.ed.gov/campussafety and search for Concordia Seminary in Saint Louis, Mo. (please spell out “Saint”).
Privacy PolicyTriangle
Thank you for visiting our website and for reviewing our Privacy Policy. In summary, our policy is: We collect no information about you, other than information automatically collected and stored (see below), when you visit our website or information that you choose to provide to us.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored: When you browse through any website, certain personal information about you may be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following information regarding each visit:
the name of the domain you use to access the internet;
the date and time of your visit;
the pages you visited; and
the address of the website you came from when you came to visit.
We use this information for statistical purposes and to help us continue the best quality experience for our visitors. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
Personally Provided Information: You do not have to give us personal information to visit our website. If you provide us with additional information about yourself through an email message, quick inquiry form, survey, etc., we will only maintain the information as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication. However, all communications addressed to Concordia Seminary, St. Louis are maintained, as required, for historical purposes. These communications are archived on a monthly basis.
Disclosure: Concordia Seminary, St. Louis does not disclose, give, sell or transfer any personal information about our visitors, unless required for law enforcement or statute.
Intrusion Detection: For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available, Concordia Seminary, St. Louis reserves the right to employ software program(s) to monitor traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts, to change information or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized investigations, and pursuant to any required legal process, information from the website may be used to help identify an individual.
System of Record: Information originally collected in traditional paper systems can be submitted such as electronic commerce transactions and information updates about eligibility for the transactions. Electronically submitted information is maintained and destroyed pursuant to the Records Act, and in some cases this information may be subject to the Privacy Act. If information is to be used in a Privacy Act system of records, a privacy statement will be provided.
Contact Us: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Concordia Seminary, St. Louis at communications@csl.edu.
Modifications: Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.
Student HandbookTriangle
Download our Student Handbook
Title IXTriangle
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 provides: “No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance.”
Title IX Resources
Use the form below to submit a complaint.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Complaint*The more detail you provide, the better we will be able to address your concern.CAPTCHA
Voter RegistrationTriangle
To register to vote in the state of Missouri, click here.
For general voter registration information, click here.
Plan Your Visit
Apply for Admission
Support Your Sem
Refer a Student
It’s not Christmas, but tonight's Carillon Conce
This morning, the chapel service will be a liturgi
Happy Founders Day! On this date in 1839, the Semi
Local friends: please join us tomorrow at 4 p.m. f
Visit a great cathedral and you’ll see a person
Don't forget! Join us online at 9:35 a.m. (CST) to
Did you know Concordia Seminary’s Kristine Kay H
#MeyerMinute for Dec. 8:
Yesterday Diane posted a
Your generous and prayerful support helps ensure t
Join us online at 9:35 a.m. (CST) Dec. 10 for Las