http://www.fca.org/aboutus/donor-privacy-policy
!Please Note! You are using an outdated browser that may impact your experience on FCA.org.
Please upgrade to the latest version of Internet Explorer here or download another browser like Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome.
Once you upgrade, this notice will no longer appear.
Quick Links
Find Local Staff Local Staff Websites Ministry Leader Applications (MLA) The FOUR - Gospel Presentation 3D Coaching Employment Opportunities myFCA Account Management FCAvirtual.org FCAResources.com FCAGear.com FCACamps.org Daily Impact Play and Other eNewsletters Ministry Certification Requests
Submit a Story Logos & Photos
Student Rights
pad.
HOME
WHAT IS FCA?
GET INVOLVED
FCA IN ACTION
RESOURCES
INTERNATIONAL
ABOUT
WHO WE ARE
Vision & Mission
History
Founder Don McClanen
Timeline
Executive Team
Board of Trustees
Ministry Report
Financials
Contact Us
AWARDS
Hall of Champions
FCA Award Winners
NEWSROOM
Press Kit
Photos, Logos & Videos
Media Opt-In
Contact Us
JOB OPPORTUNITIES
Learn more about joining TeamFCA
SHOP
DONATE
WAYS TO GIVE
One-Time Gift
Mail A Check
Automatic Monthly Gift
Stock Gift
Vehicle Donation
Planned Giving
Tom Landry Associates
STEER Program
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
myFCA
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Financials (990, Audits, etc)
Annual Report
Donor Privacy Policy
QUICK LINKS
Find Local Staff
Local Staff Websites
Ministry Leader Applications (MLA)
The FOUR - Gospel Presentation
3D Coaching
Employment Opportunities
myFCA Account Management
FCAResources.com
FCAGear.com
FCACamps.org
Daily Impact Play and Other eNewsletters
Ministry Certification Requests
Submit a Story
Logos & Photos
Student Rights
Home> About> Donor Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
FCA is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all donors who make online donations, mail financial donations, all donors of material donations. The following outlines our privacy policy and details the measures we have taken to safeguard and protect your privacy as donors. Information you provide to us is understood to be in agreement with the policies detailed below. You may find our general privacy policy online. What information does FCA collect?
FCA collects and stores your personal information collected when you make an online donation, sign up for a recurring credit card or Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) gift. What does FCA do with your personal information?
Your personal information is used to process donations.  It is also used to print receipts. If your donation is designated to a local staff/area, your contact information and donation amount is given to the FCA staff person who is receiving the gift. A local FCA staff office may communicate with you via the email you provided during the donation. Opt-out links are available at the bottom of every email. Does FCA share any personal information it collects with outside parties?
FCA does not sell or share any personal information.  We also do not send mailings on behalf of other organizations. Does FCA safeguard my personal information?
FCA has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind a secure network and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights. All sensitive/credit information supplied by you when making donations to our website is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.  All of our service provider maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information, including the prompt disposal of all unnecessary customer information. Does FCA provide a way to update or remove my personal information?
If you would like to correct, update, add, or delete personal information, you can create an account at https://my.fca.org/createaccount.aspx. Once your account is linked within 24 hrs, you’ll be able to modify your information. You can also call us at (800) 289-0909 or write to us at The Fellowship of Christian Athletes, 8701 Leeds Road, Kansas City, MO 64129, and we will respond promptly to your request. Your Consent
You agree that using this site signifies your assent to FCA’s general privacy policy. Your donation to FCA signifies your assent to FCA’s donor privacy policy. FCA reserves the right to change our privacy policies at any time, without advanced notice. If we decide to change our privacy policies, we will post the changes on these pages so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Contact Us
If you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, please contact us at 1-800-289-0909 during office hours (8am – 5pm CST) or email us at fca@fca.org Our mailing address is: Fellowship of Christian Athletes 8701 Leeds Rd Kansas City, MO 64129
LATEST FCA STORIES
Committed in 2020
The top-five most read articles on FCA.org in 2020.
READ THIS STORY
One Million Completions
FCA celebrates its partnership with YouVersion and over one million Bible reading plan completions.
READ THIS STORY
Fellowship of Christian Athletes Reaching Out to Players, Coaches as COVID-19 May Interfere with Fall Sports
READ THIS STORY
Marquette's Markus Howard is Making Disciples and Buckets
READ THIS STORY