http://www.rogerbacon.org/privacy-policy
Give Today
About
Home
About
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Roger Bacon High School is committed to protecting your privacy and
developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online
experience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Roger Bacon High
School Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the
Roger Bacon High
School website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Roger Bacon High School collects personally identifiable
information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or
telephone number.
Roger Bacon High School also collects anonymous demographic
information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age,
gender, preferences,
interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and
software that is automatically collected by Roger Bacon High School.
This information
can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names,
access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used
by Roger
Bacon High School for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics
regarding use of
the Roger Bacon High School Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally
identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Roger
Bacon High School
public message boards, this information may be collected and
used by others. Note: Roger Bacon High School does not read any of your
private
online communications.
Roger Bacon High School encourages you to review the privacy
statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Roger Bacon High
School so that
you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and
share your information. Roger Bacon High School is not responsible for
the privacy
statements or other content on Web sites outside of the
Roger Bacon High School and Roger Bacon High School family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Roger Bacon High School collects and uses your personal
information to operate the Roger Bacon High School Web site and deliver
the services you
have requested. Roger Bacon High School also uses your
personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or
services available
from Roger Bacon High School and its affiliates. Roger Bacon
High School may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about
your opinion
of current services or of potential new services that may be
offered.
Roger Bacon High School does not sell, rent or lease its
customer lists to third parties. Roger Bacon High School may, from time
to time, contact
you on behalf of external business partners about a
particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your
unique personally
identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Roger Bacon
High School
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform
statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer
support, or arrange
for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from
using your personal information except to provide these services to
Roger Bacon
High School, and they are required to maintain the
confidentiality of your information.
Roger Bacon High School does not use or disclose sensitive
personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations,
without your
explicit consent.
Roger Bacon High School keeps track of the Web sites and
pages our customers visit within Roger Bacon High School, in order to
determine what Roger
Bacon High School services are the most popular. This data
is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Roger Bacon
High School
to customers whose behavior indicates that they are
interested in a particular subject area.
Roger Bacon High School Web sites will disclose your personal
information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the
good faith
belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the
edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Roger Bacon
High School
or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property
of Roger Bacon High School; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to
protect
the personal safety of users of Roger Bacon High School, or
the public.
Use of Cookies
The Roger Bacon High School Web site use "cookies" to help
you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is
placed on your
hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to
run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely
assigned to
you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that
issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a
convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell
the Web server
that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if
you personalize Roger Bacon High School pages, or register with Roger
Bacon High
School site or services, a cookie helps Roger Bacon High
School to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This
simplifies the
process of recording your personal information, such as
billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the
same Roger
Bacon High School Web site, the information you previously
provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Roger Bacon High
School features
that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your
browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline
cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive
features of the
Roger Bacon High School services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Roger Bacon High School secures your personal information
from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Roger Bacon High School
secures the personally
identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a
controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use
or disclosure.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is
transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of
encryption,
such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Refund Policy
All online sales are final. Requests for refunds are handled on an individual basis.
Changes to this Statement
Roger Bacon High School will occasionally update this
Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Roger
Bacon High School encourages
you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of
how Roger Bacon High School is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Roger Bacon High School welcomes your comments regarding this
Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Roger Bacon High School has
not adhered
to this Statement, please contact Roger Bacon High School at
info@rogerbacon.org. We will use
commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Principal's Weekly
COVID-19 Campus Updates
The Franciscans
Board of Directors
School News
School Calendar
Business Office
Administration
Faculty Listing
Work at RB
Spirit Shop
Faces of RB
Contact Us