http://www.donateacar2charity.com/privacy.php
We are in full operation during COVID-19. For more information read: COVID-19 FAQ
Our thoughts and prayers are with all affected by Coronavirus.
We are still in full operation during this crisis and are accepting and picking up vehicle donations with safety as our top priority. For more information please read: Covid-19 FAQ.
Privacy Policy
At www.DonateaCar2Charity.com we have gone to great lengths to ensure that all personal information is treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality.
Collection of Information
www.DonateaCar2Charity.com does not collect personal information without your knowledge while you are visiting our web site. The information we collect is only the information necessary to facilitate your vehicle donation such as your name, contact information and vehicle location, etc.
Online Privacy, Information Sharing & Security
We are committed to ensuring your privacy on-line. Because of this, we will not sell or exchange your on-line information with third parties. The on-line information we collect is the minimum needed in order to process your vehicle donation and provide you with the best donation experience possible. Forms and personal information are encrypted using industry standard technologies such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Secure Hypertext Transport Protocol (HTTP-S). When implemented on both the browser and server, SSL ensures that your personal data will not be read as it is traveling over the Internet and that it will arrive unaltered at our server. You can be assured that donating through our Web site is as safe as donating by phone.
Cookies
With respect to cookies, we use cookies to customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. We do not share any cookie information with any third party sites. Cookies are used strictly for the purpose of enhancing your personal experience with our site and do not store any personal information.
We use the free Google Conversion Tracking tools provided by Google Inc.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties.
CALL: 877-505-5775
OR
DONATE ONLINE
DONATE YOUR CAR IN TWO MINUTES
CALL: 877-505-5775
OR START HERE ONLINE:
Fast & free Nationwide Pickup
IRS Approved tax-deductible 501(c)3 charity
Work with the experts, we do the paperwork
Vacation Voucher
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING
It's always good to help others in my appreciation for what you are doing I freely decided to be part of what you're doing. On behalf of everyone you have helped so far thank you. May God bless you abundantly.
Thank you! Your cause is fantastic and I will definitely be recommending you to my acquaintances.
It was the easiest site l went on. I had no problems understanding anything and answering all the questions. I hope my donation can help in need
Super simple. And a great service. Thank you!
Thank you for your professional handling of my vehicle donation. Happy to donate and will encourage others to donate with you.
This is my second time donating a motor vehicle with Donate A Car 2 Charity. I was very pleased and satisfied with my last donation service last 5 Jan 2016. And yes, I will recommend you to others including my family, friends and co-workers.
Happy to donate to your charity - and the person I spoke to on the phone was so helpful in answering all my questions.
You have more than met my expectations.
I loved this whole process! So simple, fast and easy. Thank you!
The process for the donation of vehicle online was very easy and convenient! I love it and there is nothing more to improve! I will definitely recommend you to others! Thank you.
INFORMATION
Donating A Car Tips
Car Donation Tax Laws
Information By State
Check Car Donation Value
Partners
Car Donation Blog
A Gift That Won't Rust