http://www.alphachiomega.org/configuration/footer-content/bottom/links/shortcuts/privacy-policy/
User name:Password:
Member Login
Register
DONATE
Welcome
About Us
Join Us
Find Us
Collegians
Alumnae
Stay Connected
Resource Center
Foundation
Housing
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 6.17.2020
INFORMATION PRACTICES
Alpha Chi Omega Fraternity, Inc., Alpha Chi Omega Foundation, Inc. and the Alpha Chi Omega National Housing Corporation (collectively referred to as "Alpha Chi Omega," "Alpha Chi" or "we") understand that security and privacy are important issues for users of our website ("Site") at www.alphachiomega.org and recognize our obligations to keep your information secure and confidential. That is why we maintain the following standards to help protect information that personally identifies you. We may modify this Privacy Policy ("Policy") at any time, and, accordingly, we urge you to frequently review the Policy. By using the Site and providing us with your personally identifiable information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy.
We may improve and add to the features and functionality of our Site and the services we offer through our Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy behind the link marked “Privacy Policy” in the universal footer of the websites governed by this Policy. Your continued use of our Site after we have posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Policy and your agreement that any information we previously collected from you may be used as described in the revised Policy.
For your convenience, whenever this Policy is changed, we will alert you by placing the word “New” next to the link marked “Privacy Policy” in the universal footer of the websites governed by this Policy. We will also update the “effective date” at the top of this page. If you have not used our Site recently, be sure you check the effective date to see if this Policy has been revised since your last visit
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
You may be asked to provide your name, address, phone number, email address, bond number or other information that may be Personal Information ("Personal Information") to allow you to make use of portions of the Site. For example, if you create an account or submit a story idea, we may ask you to provide information that may be Personal Information. You may always refuse to provide your Personal Information, although this may lead to your inability to use some or all of the Site.
INFORMATION FROM THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
You may be able to choose to register, log on or enhance your profile on our Site through a third-party social media platform, such as Facebook Connect. By doing this, you are asking the third-party social media platform to send us registration information from your profile on that platform. We treat that information as we do any other information you give to us when you register, log on or enhance your profile. After you have connected, the third party may also send us additional information from your profile that allows us to offer certain functionalities on the pages you view.
INFORMATION SENT TO US BY YOUR WEB BROWSER
We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit(ed). Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. Generally, we do not link the information provided by your browser to your Personal Information.
MORE ABOUT IP ADDRESSES
Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the internet. Depending on how you connect to the internet, your IP address may always be the same, or it may change each time you access the internet. IP addresses do not include your name, email address or other Personal Information, but in some cases, they can be used to identify you. For example, if you have registered with our Site, we may link your IP address to account information that identifies you personally. We may also provide your IP address to our third-party service providers who can use it to identify information such as your state and ZIP code. If we suspect inappropriate or criminal activity or a threat to our Site or its users, we may also share our server logs—which contain users’ IP addresses—with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Most websites use cookies and/or similar technologies to place information about a user’s visit to that website in a small data text file that is stored on the user’s computer. In general, we use cookies and other web technologies to:
Collect information about the ways visitors use our Site—which pages they visit, which links they use and how long they stay on each page
Support the features and functionality of our Site—for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits
Personalize your experience when you use our Site, including by serving targeted advertisements
Generally, the information we collect using these web technologies does not identify you personally. If, however, you have created a user account, we may link the information we collect using these web technologies to other information that identifies you personally.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may be able to set the browser of your computer or mobile or tablet device to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is delivered. You may also be able to delete our cookies as soon as you leave our Site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit our Site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of our Site.
INFORMATION ABOUT THIRD-PARTY COOKIES AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
In addition to the cookies we deliver to your computer or mobile or tablet device through our Site, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our Site. To learn more about Google Analytics, click here.
Other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer or mobile or tablet device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors across nonaffiliated websites and delivering targeted advertisements either on our Site or on other websites.
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Site. For example, if you don’t want information about your visit to our Site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here. Please note that the Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to Alpha Chi Omega.
In addition, if you would like to opt out of having interest-based information collected by certain entities during your visits to our Site or other websites, please click here. You will be directed to an industry-developed website that contains mechanisms for choosing whether each listed entity may collect and use data for online behavioral advertising purposes. It may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on our Site do not participate in the industry-developed opt-out website, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
Alpha Chi Omega uses Personal Information only for the limited purposes of:
Processing your orders and administering your account
Improving the Site and related services provided to you
Administering the Site, providing you with effective customer service and providing a personalized experience
Allowing you to make a posting on the Site
Notifying you of our or our business affiliates’ products, promotional events or special offers, newsletters or announcements that may be of interest to you
Providing security, credit or fraud prevention services
Meeting legal requirements
We may work with business partners who may perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, providing promotional materials, sending email, managing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service. They have access to your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform their functions and shall not be authorized by Alpha Chi Omega to use it for any other purpose. Alpha Chi Omega will not sell your Personal Information. Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so. If you have questions about how your Personal Information is used, please contact us.
YOUR CHOICES
IN GENERAL
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information. In most cases, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your Personal Information. For example, if you register with this Site, we provide you with an opportunity to opt out of receiving certain communications from us. In addition, we will include an opt-out link in each electronic newsletter or promotional email we send you so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such communications from us in the future. Certain individuals, such as volunteers and officers of Alpha Chi Omega chapters, may be limited in their ability to opt out of receiving communications from us during their tenure in such roles.
PREVIOUSLY EXPRESSED PREFERENCES
You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use your Personal Information. If you are a registered member of this Site, you may be able to change certain privacy preferences through your account settings. Otherwise, if at any time you wish to be taken off our mailing lists, please contact us by email at info@alphachiomega.org or by mail at Alpha Chi Omega Headquarters, 5939 Castle Creek Parkway N. Dr., Indianapolis, IN 46250. Please provide your full name, postal address and email address so that we can find you on our mailing lists. Once we have the information we need, we will remove you from our mailing lists as you have requested. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to honor your request.
DO NOT TRACK (DNT) MECHANISMS
Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.
HOW TO ACCESS, UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can access, update or correct Personal Information related to your membership on this Site by logging into www.alphachiomega.org/my-profile. You can access, update or correct Personal Information related to your account by logging into www.alphachiomega.org/my-profile. If you are unclear as to how to access, update or correct your Personal Information, please contact us at info@alphachiomega.org. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide access and correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identify.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
Alpha Chi Omega encourages parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children's online activities. We strictly adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly register or otherwise collect personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13 without the prior verifiable consent of that person's parent or guardian. If you believe that a child has submitted Personal Information on or through our Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us at info@alphachiomega.org so that we can take appropriate action.
LINKS
The Site may contain links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. Alpha Chi Omega is not responsible for the collection or use of your information at any third-party site. When you access third-party websites through a link on our Site, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.
SECURITY
We maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information you submit on or through this Site. Unfortunately, no website, server or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.” We therefore cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Alpha Chi Omega shares Personal Information collected through our Site with third-party service providers who act for or on our behalf. For example, we may use third-party vendors to design, operate, and/or host our Site and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third parties may need information about you to perform their functions.
WITH OTHER CAREFULLY SELECTED BUSINESS PARTNERS
From time to time, we may share your Personal Information with selected third parties (other than our service providers) for their own marketing purposes. For example, we partner with third parties to sponsor contests or other promotions, and we may share with these third parties the Personal Information you submit to us to participate in the contest or take advantage of the promotion. Before doing so, however, we may offer you the opportunity to opt out or opt in as required by applicable law. In some cases, you will not be able to participate in a contest or take advantage of a promotion unless you consent to disclosure to our business partner of the Personal Information you submit in connection with the contest or promotion.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND PROTECTION OF OUR RIGHTS AND THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS
We may disclose your Personal Information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your Personal Information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of this Site; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
WITH THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
We may provide functionality on our Site that allows you to automatically post information to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest). If you choose to take advantage of this functionality, people with access to your profile on the third-party platform will be able to see your post. Thus, you should have no expectation of privacy in those actions. Further, if you choose to link your profile on our Site with an account on a third-party social media platform, we may share the information in your profile with that third-party platform. We may also use third-party social media platforms to offer you interest-based ads. To offer such ads, we may convert your email address into a unique value which can be matched by our partner company with a user on its platform. Although we do not provide any Personal Information to these platform vendors, they may gain insights about individuals who respond to the ads we serve.
IN AGGREGATE OR DE-IDENTIFIED FORM
We use information collected through our Site to create a compiled, aggregate view of usage patterns. We may share aggregate information with third parties so we and they can better understand our user base. We may also share with third parties information about how particular individuals use our Site, but only on a de-identified basis (“Individualized Data”). Individualized Data is not personally identifiable, but it does reflect the usage patterns of a particular Site user, as opposed to Site users collectively. We may provide basic demographic information (gender and age) in conjunction with providing Individualized Data. Third parties typically use this information for analytical purposes and to market their own products and services.
AS DESCRIBED IN A PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any privacy notice posted on a page of this Site where you provide that information. By providing your Personal Information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your Personal Information as described in that privacy notice.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us using the information provided below:
Alpha Chi Omega Headquarters
5939 Castle Creek Parkway N. Dr.
Indianapolis, IN 46250
Phone: 317-579-5050
Email: info@alphachiomega.org
CERTAIN CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, if you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with Alpha Chi Omega, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of Personal Information that we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to info@alphachiomega.org or write to us at Alpha Chi Omega Headquarters, 5939 Castle Creek Parkway N. Dr., Indianapolis, IN 46250.
View the full Privacy Policy here or contact us at info@alphachiomega.org with any questions.
Tweets by alphachiomegahq
Alpha Chi Omega Sorority
© 2020 Alpha Chi Omega.  All Rights Reserved.
Blog
|
Legal Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
Alpha Chi Omega Headquarters
5939 Castle Creek Parkway N. Dr.
Indianapolis, IN 46250
Phone: 317.579.5050
Fax: 317.579.5051
Email: info@alphachiomega.org