http://www.generals.org/privacy-policy
0
Privacy PolicyAt Generals International, accessible from www.generals.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Generals International and how we use it.If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at generals@generals.orgGeneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)We are a Data Controller of your information.Generals International legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:Generals International needs to perform a contract with youYou have given Generals International permission to do soProcessing your personal information is in Generals International legitimate interestsGenerals International needs to comply with the lawGenerals International will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.The right of rectification.The right to object.The right of restriction.The right to data portabilityThe right to withdraw consentLog FilesGenerals International follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.DonationsBy donating through generals.org, your name, email and address is stored. This information is used to analyze trends and send you receipts and donor statements.NewsletterYou can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at generals@generals.orgWe will treat your information with respect. By signing up for our newsletter, you agree that we may send you newsletters. We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By signing up, you acknowledge that the information you provided will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy and Terms.Cookies and Web BeaconsLike any other website, Generals International uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.Third Party Privacy PoliciesGenerals International’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. Children’s InformationAnother part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.Generals International does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.ConsentBy using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.