https://www.jewishfederations.org/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
1. Introduction
By using the pages in this site, you agree to the Terms of Use presented here. If you do not agree, you should not use this site. These terms of use may be changed or updated from time to time. You may wish to print this page for future reference.
Copyright - The Jewish Federations of North America, Inc., 2011
2. Contact
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use or about Jewish Federations of North America, you can contact us at:
The Jewish Federations of North America, Inc.
25 Broadway, Suite 1700
New York, NY 10004
Telephone number: 212-284-6500
Facsimile number: 212-284-6835
Email address: info@jewishfederations.org.
3. Definitions
This "Fedweb" site is the site operated by a Jewish Community Federation and/or affiliated agency at the Internet address you are now visiting.
The "Fedweb" and the "Federation Web Site" refer to content, tools and services provided by The Jewish Federations of North America, Inc. ("JFNA") and selected by the Fedweb site for use in their entirety, or selected in part to supplement content from the Federation Site.
"You" refers to any user of this site.
4. Personal Use
The Jewish Federations of North America and the Fedweb site grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, view, use, display and print information on this JFNA web Site, including all the materials provided hereon, for your personal, informational, noncommercial use only.
You may not copy, modify, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, license, or sell any content or any portion of this site without the prior express written consent of JFNA or the owner of each Fedweb site.
You agree not to interrupt, or attempt to interrupt, the operation of the Fedweb site.
You warrant that you will not use this Fedweb Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
5. Copyright and Trademark
All Fedweb materials, including without limitation the trademarks "JFNA", "The Jewish Federations of North America", "UJA", "United Jewish Appeal" and related marks, text, images, software applications, audio or video clips, and databases ("Fedweb Content"), are owned or controlled by JFNA, which retains all right, title and interest in and to the Fedweb Content.
The Fedweb Content is protected by the copyright and trademark laws of the United States and other countries, international conventions, and other applicable laws. Other Fedweb participating organizations may also have copyrighted material and trademarks.
All Fedweb Content is Copyright  The Jewish Federations of North America, Inc. All rights reserved.  The trademarks "JFNA", "UJC", "The Jewish Federations of North America", "United Jewish Communities", "UJA", "United Jewish Appeal", "FedWeb" and logos are federal trademarks owned by The Jewish Federations of North America, Inc.
6. Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to other Web sites operated and maintained by parties other than Fedweb. The Fedweb Site does not control such other Web sites and is not responsible for their contents. Such links are provided for your convenience only and no endorsement of the material on such sites, or of their operators or owners, is given or implied.
7.   Communications Forums
This Site may make available forums, chat rooms, message boards or other means of public communication ("Forums") for your use.
You agree that all communications made using the Forums are public. Fedweb cannot review all communications made on the Forums. Fedweb reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the Forums and to modify or remove, without notice, any material for any reason.
You agree to assume sole responsibility for the content of any materials you add to the Forums and to be respectful of others in choosing what you add.  You agree to use the Forums only to send and receive messages relevant and appropriate to that Forum. You agree, without limitation, that you will not enter, upload, distribute or otherwise add to the Forums any material which:
Is obscene, indecent, pornographic, or unlawful;
Defames, slanders, libels, abuses, threatens, or otherwise violates the legal rights of others;
Violates the privacy of others;
Causes injury to others;
Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights, contract rights or any other rights of any third party;
Contains or communicates false or misleading information;
Contains viruses, corrupted files, or code that may damage the operation of the computer or computer software of others;
Attempts to breach the security of the Site;
Advertises or offers for sale any goods or services, or administers surveys, contests, or chain letters.
You acknowledge that communications made by others to the Forums shall not
be considered to be endorsed by Fedweb.
8. Customer Service
Contact us for help with questions or problems with this Web site.
9. Payments
In the event that you make use of a Fedweb site to make a payment for an event, or a course registration, or a mission deposit, and you have a question related to such payment, the Fedweb site will assist you. Contact us for service.
10. Charitable Donations
In the event that you make use of a Fedweb site to make a charitable contribution, you will receive an automated receipt via email. If you make a charitable contribution of $250 or more, the you will also receive a written acknowledgement of such donation in the mail.
11. Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
12.   Privacy
Each Fedweb Site conforms to the highest standards of privacy protection for site users. For details of our online practices regarding the privacy and security of your information, see the Fedweb Privacy Statement.
13.   Disclaimer of Warranty
THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THE FEDWEB CONTENT ARE PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND JFNA IN PARTICULAR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH SERVICES OR INFORMATION.
14. Limitation of Liability
Use of information in any portion of the Fedweb Content for any purposes is solely at the risk of the user.  News sources do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any news releases or leadership briefings and make no guarantees, express or implied, including those of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  Poll results stated on the site are not scientific.  The sole responsibility of the Fedweb content sources is use of their best efforts to correct any fact, timing or omission brought to their attention.
15. Termination
JFNA, the Federation or you may cancel or terminate this agreement at any time. You may terminate this agreement by destroying all materials obtained from this site and any Fedweb Site, and all related documentation. Fedweb may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials.
16. Modifications
JFNA reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. Any modification is effective immediately upon posting to the Site.
17. Entire Agreement
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and a participating Fedweb site with respect to this Web site, and it supersedes all prior such agreements.