http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/2002/01.02
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 January 2002
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Fred A. Bernstein, Esq., New York City; Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New
York City; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V.
Lamb, Esq., New York; Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., Cambridge,
MA; Tara Scavo, Student, NY Law School '03; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Travis J. Tu,
Student, New York University Law School '03; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College,
London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-
9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
(C) 2002 by the Lesbian & Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
2ND CIRCUIT UPHOLDS DISCIPLINE FOR RELIGIOUS PUBLIC EMPLOYEES WHO
PROSELYTIZE ON THE JOB
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd
Circuit has affirmed the dismissal of two separate lawsuits
by born-again Christian employees of Connecticut public health agencies after they were
reprimanded for proselytizing to clients while administering state services. _Knight v.
Connecticut Dep't. of Public Health_, 2001 WL 1580134 (Dec. 12)
Balancing the employees'
interests in free speech and free exercise of their religion with the state's interest in promoting
efficient operations and avoiding Establishment Clause violations, the court determined that the
discipline imposed by the state in these cases was permissible to ensure that they refrained in the
future from imposing their religious views on the clients of these state health agencies.
Jo Ann Knight was employed as a nurse consultant for Connecticut Department of Public Health
(CDPH), a position whose responsibilities include supervising and surveying the provision of
medical services by various Medicare agencies to home health care patients, in part by
interviewing patients at their home. On October 1, 1996, Knight was visiting the home of a
same-sex male couple, one of whom was in the end stages of AIDS. After Knight had completed
her survey, the two men began discussing religion.
At that point, Knight said that she felt a
"leading of the Holy Spirit" to talk with them about salvation. As the conversation progressed,
one of the men told Knight that he did not believe that he would be punished because he was gay,
to which Knight responded, "[A]lthough God created us and loves us, He doesn't like the
homosexual lifestyle." After this visit, the couple filed administrative complaints against the
CDPH alleging discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in the provision of state services,
and ultimately filed a lawsuit against Knight, which was later dismissed.
On January 3, 1997, Knight received a letter from the Department suspending her for four weeks
without pay "for the good of the service and specifically, for misconduct in her dealings with a
homosexual couple during a home visit." The suspension was later reduced to two weeks without
pay, and her duties were restricted to exclude home visits to patients. Knight was also required to
create a "Plan of Correction," which needed to be approved by the program manager before
Knight would be allowed to resume making home visits. In October 1997, Knight sued the
CDPH, alleging violations of the First and Fourteenth Amendments, Title VII and other related
claims. The district court threw out Knight's case on cross motions for summary judgment,
finding that Knight's religious speech had caused her CDPH clients distress and had interfered
with the performance of her duties, and the state was therefore permitted to take disciplinary
action. The district court rejected any equal protection challenge, finding that she had not been
singled out for adverse treatment based on her religion, and determined that the state was not
required to accommodate her need to proselytize to satisfy its obligations under Title VII.
Nicolle Quental was a sign-language interpreter for the Connecticut Commission on the Deaf and
Hearing Impaired (CCDHI).
Quental had been certified by the Registry of Interpreters for the
Deaf, and had sworn to a code of ethics, which included an oath that she, as an interpreter, "shall
not counsel, advise or interject personal opinions . . . . Just as interpreters/ transliterators may not
omit anything which is said, they also may not add anything to the situation. . . . The
interpreter/transliterator's only function is to facilitate communication. He/she shall not become
personally involved."
In October 1997, Quental was on an interpreting assignment at the
University of Connecticut health center. During the initial conversation between Quental and the
client, designed to help the interpreter discern the client's manner of signing, the client shared
some of her religious beliefs and personal history, including the fact that she had been sexually
abused.
Upon hearing this information, Quental told the client that "the Lord could help her,"
just as He had helped Quental deal with problems from her past. She gave the client some
religious literature, and pressed the topic beyond the time necessary to familiarize herself with
her client's signing style because she believed that it "would give [her client] some hope."
A few
days later, the CCDHI received a complaint about Quental's conduct, and although the sign
language statements of the client to her mental health advocate were considered inadmissible
hearsay, the court allowed the advocate to testify that the client had "appeared agitated and used
very strong signs and was very gestural" while explaining to her what had happened during the
encounter with Quental. After investigating the complaint, the CCDHI issued a letter of
reprimand to Quental, stating that she "was free to hold her religious beliefs and live by her
religious convictions, but that during the time she is being paid by the state of Connecticut to
provide interpreting services, she should not promote her religious beliefs." (In 1996, Quental
had been reprimanded for praying over a mental health client so that, according to her, the Lord
could deliver him from smoking, just as he had helped her quit.)
Quental sued the CCDHI in January 1999, but the district court judge dismissed her case,
essentially for the same reasons given by the court in the Knight litigation. The appeals in both of
these cases were consolidated for consideration by the Second Circuit.
Writing for the panel, Judge Pooler first considered Knight's and Quental's First Amendment
claims using the Supreme Court's _Pickering_ test regarding public employee speech. Because
all of the parties had apparently conceded that the employees' speech dealt with a matter of public
concern, and as the district courts had not addressed this prong in their opinions, the court
assumed that this first element had been satisfied and proceeded to balance the employer's
interests in providing "effective and efficient public services" with the employees' free speech
rights. The court found without difficulty that the employees' speech had been disruptive to the
agencies' operation and would continue to impede the performance of their duties in the future.
Knight's clients had not only complained but had filed lawsuits against the DPH and Knight
personally, and Quental's client had become visibly upset as a result of her encounter.
Judge Pooler also noted that the agencies were validly concerned about avoiding any
Establishment Clause violations that might stem from having their employees proselytizing while
performing state-sponsored duties, distinguishing the recent Supreme Court cases that had
dismissed similar Establishment Clause concerns expressed by the state when religious groups
had requested equal access to public facilities. When the government acts as an employer, the
court held, it must be "accorded some leeway" when it "endeavors to police itself and its
employees in an effort to avoid transgressing" the First Amendment, "even though the conduct it
forbids might not inevitably be determined to violate the Establishment Clause and the
limitations it imposes might restrict an individual's conduct that might well be protected by the
Free Exercise Clause if the individual were not acting as an agent of the government."
The court
noted that, in _Marchi v. Bd. of Coop. Educ. Servs. of Albany_, 173 F.3d 469, 476 (2d Cir.
1999), it had previously upheld the use of a state interpreter for a deaf student in a Catholic
school specifically because an interpreter's speech is supposed to be "neutral" and ideally "will
neither add to nor subtract from" the learning environment. Knight and Quental, on the other
hand, were actively seeking to promote religious messages while working with clients on state
business, which raised a legitimate First Amendment concern that the state was entitled to
obviate.
The panel next rejected the employees' equal protection claim, finding that they had not been
treated differently from other employees who had attempted to promote their personal views,
whether about religious or another "potentially inflammatory" topic such as sex or politics, while
performing their duties as state employees. The plaintiffs had presented an alternative argument
that their claim deserved special consideration because it was a "hybrid" claim; specifically, they
insisted that, even if the state's action might otherwise be acceptable as to most public employees,
heightened scrutiny should apply because it had the practical effect of infringing upon both their
free exercise and free speech rights. While acknowledging that dicta in the Supreme Court's
peyote case, _Employment Div., Dep't of Human Res. of Oregon v. Smith_, 494 U.S. 872, 881
(1990), offered some support for the idea that such hybrid claims are entitled to stricter scrutiny,
Judge Pooler noted that the circuits were split on the question of whether governmental action
that infringed both free speech and free exercise rights required a more compelling justification
than would an action infringing one of those rights alone. The panel determined that it was
unnecessary to weigh in on this "hybrid rights" debate, however, because it had already given full
consideration to the employees' free speech rights during its _Pickering_ analysis.
The employees had also argued that, under Title VII, the state was required to "reasonably
accommodate" their religious beliefs unless it could demonstrate that doing so would cause
undue hardship. In order to make out a prima facie case under Title VII, however, Knight and
Quental had to show that 1) they held a bona fide religious belief conflicting with an employment
requirement; 2) they informed their employers of this belief and 3) they were disciplined for
failure to comply with the conflicting employment requirement. The court found that the
employees in this case had failed to satisfy prong two because, even though their employers knew
that they were born-again Christians, neither woman had requested of her employer "any sort of
accommodation for [her] need to evangelize." Such specific notice was necessary, according to
the panel, because "hold[ing] otherwise would place a heavy burden on employers, making them
responsible for being aware of every aspect of every employees' religion which could require an
accommodation."
Even assuming that the women had made out a prima facie case, the court
rejected their Title VII claim because their requested accommodation was not reasonable in light
of the Establishment Clause concerns that would inevitably arise were these women permitted to
proselytize while performing their state functions. Moreover, the court emphasized that the
plaintiffs' supervisors had placed limitations only on their speech as it pertained to the
performance of their duties. In Knight's case, the CDPH had specifically allowed her to continue
to lead prayer at staff meetings and the CCDHI had offered to work with Quental regarding
accommodations for her religious beliefs. Accordingly, the court concluded that neither plaintiffs'
Title VII claim had merit. Finally, the court summarily affirmed the district courts' adverse
rulings on a number of other unspecified smaller issues unique to each employee. _Sharon
McGowan_
[Editor's Note: Two days after the 2nd Circuit's ruling in _Knight_, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 7th Circuit issued a similar ruling in _Anderson v. U.S.F. Logistics (IMC), Inc._, 2001 WL
1590091 (Dec. 14), upholding the district court's refusal to issue a preliminary injunction against
an employer who had forbidden a born-again Christian employee who ended all communications
with customers and others by saying "have a blessed day." Writing for the court, Judge Cudahy
said the employer could be legitimately concerned that some customers would be offended by
such comments in a business context.
The employer in this case acted after receiving complaints
from a customer.
A.S.L.]
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Louisiana Appeals Court Finds Itself With Jurisdiction on Sodomy Appeal
The Louisiana Electorate of Gays & Lesbians, Inc. (LEGAL(La.)) challenged the Crime Against
Nature statute on state privacy grounds and a variety of other state constitutional grounds.
_Louisiana Electorate of Gays & Lesbians, Inc. v. State_, 2001 WL 1549017 (La. App. Nov. 14,
2001) (unpublished). After a five-day bench trial, LEGAL(La.) received a ruling from Judge
Carolyn Gill-Johnson, on March 17, 1999, that the Crime Against Nature statute, La. Rev. Stat.
 14:89, violated the privacy clause of the state constitution, art. 1,  5 ("[e]very person shall
be secure in his person, property, communications, houses, papers, and effects against
unreasonable searches, seizures, or invasions of privacy") (emphasis added). Judge Gill-
Johnson's ruling was limited, however, to instances of private, non-commercial consensual
sexual conduct between adults.
A Crime Against Nature under La. Rev. Stat.  14:89 is "[t]he unnatural carnal copulation by a
human being with another of the same sex or opposite sex or with an animal. . . . Emission is not
necessary; and, when committed by a human being with another, the use of the genital organ of
one of the offenders of whatever sex is sufficient to constitute the crime."
It is also "[t]he
solicitation by a human being of another with the intent to engage in any unnatural carnal
copulation for compensation."
LEGAL(La.) appealed, inter alia, the part of the decision that upheld the Crime Against Nature
statute in instances _other than_ private consensual sex.
The state argued that the court hearing
the appeal, a Louisiana appellate court, had no jurisdiction under the State Constitution, art. 5, 
5(F).
Appeals on state constitutional issues, argued the State, must go directly to the Louisiana
Supreme Court.
During the course of LEGAL(La.)'s litigation, the Louisiana Supreme Court had ruled in a
separate case, _State v. Smith_, 766 So. 2d 501 (La. 2000), that the right of privacy does not
extend to oral or anal sex in a motel room between consenting heterosexual adults. The "crime
against nature" issue is for the legislature, not the courts, to decide, insisted the court. The
Supreme Court directed Judge Gill-Jefferson to reconsider her decision. She did so, but still, on
March 9, 2001, held the law unconstitutional as it applies to consensual sex acts.
The issue arose
in _Smith_ after the State was unable to prove that a rape had occurred; the court found the
defendant guilty only of a "crime against nature."
The question for the appellate court was whether it had jurisdiction over the constitutional issues
raised by LEGAL(La.). LEGAL(La.) argued that jurisdiction in the court is discretionary over
aspects of the statute found unconstitutional, and that the court had jurisdiction over parts of the
appeal not dealing with constitutional issues, and where the lower court had not found the statute
unconstitutional. The State argued that the appeal may only be heard by the state Supreme Court.
In addition to the privacy clause, LEGAL(La.) had argued at trial that the Crime Against Nature
statute violated a series of constitutional provisions. The statute was alleged to: (1) violate the
Bill of Attainder prohibition, art. 1,  23; (2) discriminate against lesbians and gay men based
on physical condition, culture, and religion, art. 1,  5; (3) curtail freedoms of speech and press,
art. 1,  7; (4) impair the right to assemble peaceably and to petition the government for redress
of grievances, art. 1,  9; (5) discriminate on the basis of physical condition by curtailing access
to public areas for assembly and to governmental accommodations, art. 1,  12; (6) constitute a
state endorsement of religious beliefs and an establishment of religion, art. 1,  8; (7) be
arbitrarily applied and enforced against lesbians and gay men and reward police misconduct by
such application and enforcement, art. 1,  2 & 3; and (8) subject lesbians and gay men to
excessive, cruel, and unusual punishment, art. 1,  20.
The only issue decided by Louisiana's 4th Circuit appellate court was that the court does not have
jurisdiction over the subject matter of this appeal. The Louisiana Constitution states that a case is
appealable to the Supreme Court if "a law or ordinance has been declared unconstitutional." Art.
5(D). The circuit court does not have discretionary jurisdiction. "The Supreme Court's
jurisdiction in such matters [is] exclusive, with review of any other issues presented by the case
being conducted in the proper circuit or appellate tribunal after the Supreme Court ha[s]
completed its appellate review," wrote the court, citing _City of Baton Rouge v. Ross_, 654 So.
2d 1311, 1328 n.3 (La. 1995) (Calogero, C.J., concurring).
The appeal was dismissed, with the court stating that the Louisiana Supreme Court has appellate
jurisdiction over all issues in the case.
The case report does not make clear why LEGAL(La.) wanted the intermediate appellate court to
hear the case. The Supreme Court's Smith ruling forewarns plaintiffs that they are not likely to
succeed at that level. Appealing the case in circuit court would likely prolong the litigation, but
the ultimate result seems preordained.
The Louisiana system of elected judgeships, and the odds
of electing a favorable panel, may be playing a part in LEGAL(La.)'s strategy. _Alan J. Jacobs_
New Jersey Prosecution for "Consensual" Oral Sex?
On appeal by the State, a panel of the New Jersey Appellate Division reversed a judge's
sentencing of a man convicted by a jury of second degree sexual assault for engaging in oral sex
which he claims was consensual. The sentence was three years probation and a small fine. _State
of New Jersey v. Cooke_,
2001WL 1585748 (Dec.13).
According to the trial record, in August of 1997 L.B. was sleeping in his living room and was
awakened by Joseph Cooke performing oral sex on him. Cooke had been drinking earlier. Cooke
said that he had been invited to the house earlier that evening, but could not remember
performing oral sex, but said it could have happened.
L.B. testified that a week earlier, while he
was sleeping in his living room, he was awakened by "a person's head was bobbing up out of
[his] lap" while he had an orgasm. He chased the person out of the house, but did not
make a
report of this to the police. Cooke admitted being there and performing oral sex without consent
on someone. Cooke also had sex in the house a month earlier "but did not know with whom
because it was dark."
The Appellate Division, in remanding the case for re-sentencing, found that the trial judge
abused his discretion in not jailing Cooke and in not imposing probation for life under New
Jersey's version of Megan's Law.
The conviction carries a range of five to ten years and a
presumptive term of seven years.
The Appellate Division dismissed the finding of the trial judge
that a jail sentence would have been a "serious injustice" and faulted him for considering his
belief that the sex was consensual despite the jury's finding. The trial judge had found in
sentencing that "...in this case I believe a serious injustice would be done because I don't find that
this defendant committed an act of sexual assault upon the victim. I believe the victim was a
willing participant in this event. I believe what the victim said in his statements [made after
conviction] that he knew the victim. He didn't pick the house, just walk down the street, there's a
house. Let's go up to it 3 o'clock in the morning. Oh, the door's unlocked. Isn't that interesting.
The door's unlocked. I'll walk in, and then two weeks later he goes back to the same place. Now
there's other men in the house and they were just allegedly trespassed upon in this house two
weeks earlier and the door is still unlocked and he walks in again. We'd have to be deaf, dumb
and blind and accept as the truth that this was totally involuntary ..." _Daniel R Schaffer_
Massachusetts Court Refines Discrimination Test; Straight Man's Harassment Complaint Fails
In a November 16 opinion granting the defendant summary judgement on sexual harassment
claims brought by a heterosexual man, the Superior Court of Massachusetts refined the test for
prima facie discrimination using circumstantial evidence. _Carozza v. Blue Cross and Blue
Shield of Massachusetts, Inc._, 2001 WL 1517584 (Mass.Super.).
Plaintiff Mark Carozza was employed for three years in a 55 person unit of Blue Cross and Blue
Shield of Massachusetts, Inc.. Forty-eight employees in the unit, including all of Carozza's
supervisors, were women; three were openly gay men. Carozza alleges that a female supervisor
rubbed his shoulders, stopping when asked. Carozza announced to a human resources manager
his intention to file a sexual harassment complaint. After interviewing Carozza, the HR manager
wrote in an internal memo: "I'm concerned about everything I saw when I met with him. This is a
VERY angry ... ex-Marine, looking for a job where he will carry a gun. He has enormous
disrespect for women and for his leaders -- a deeply rigid view of organizations, a devotion to
hierarchy and an absolute sense of what is appropriate business practice, with no room for
deviation . .. hatred of women, and an absolute expectation that he will be promoted to Customer
Service ... I contact Terri and Greg to express great concern about this associate's volatility and
about resulting workplace safety. We set precautions in motion..." (Carozza alleges that the
memo is defamatory.)
Later that month Carozza engaged in a verbal dispute with an acting supervisor over his use of
company time. That supervisor's incident report alleges that Carozza angrily used "the 'F' word"
several times. Blue Cross then informed Carozza that he was fired for swearing at a supervisor.
Carozza claims he was fired by Blue Cross because he rejected his supervisor's sexual advances.
Where, as here, the evidence is circumstantial, discrimination is traditionally shown through four
elements: protected class, acceptable performance, termination, and that the employer sought to
fill the plaintiff's position by hiring another individual with similar qualifications. Noting first
that every sex-discrimination plaintiff belongs to the class protected by Title VII, Justice Ralph
Gants reasoned that, because male heterosexuals do not belong to a suspect class that has
historically suffered from discrimination, satisfying the first three elements of the test does not
reasonably permit a presumption that the firing was discriminatory. Additionally, recent
Massachusetts law would allow a heterosexual male to satisfy the fourth element merely by
showing that he was replaced by another heterosexual male, rather than a woman or gay man,
with similar qualifications. The test is also unresponsive to cases where, as here, the employer
gives insubordination rather than performance as the reason for the firing. Justice Gants refined
the test by replacing the fourth element with a requirement that the alleged perpetrator of the
sexual harassment participate in some fashion in the decision to fire, which did not happen here.
Carozza also claimed he was subject to a hostile work environment. Justice Gants countered that
the following acts did not add up to a hostile environment: a gay male spoke about sexual matters
with other co-workers and was overheard by the plaintiff, a straight female coworker showed the
plaintiff photographs of a gay male coworker in his underwear, and a gay coworker told him "Not
only do the gays put you down, but so do the women."
As to being called "asshole" and "sleaze ball," Justice Gants found "abundant" evidence that
Carozza's coworkers disliked him because of his intolerant conduct toward them, not because he
was male or heterosexual. Justice Gants noted approvingly Massachusetts courts' typical
generosity toward sexual harassment plaintiffs, then warned that courts trivialize the cause of
action when they allow trial for any plaintiff who simply characterizes workplace events as
sexual harassment, a concern other judges have expressed in terms of not allowing Title VII to
devolve into a mere code of workplace civility. Carozza may proceed on the complaint that his
firing was in retaliation for his harassment complaint within Blue Cross as the retaliation test
requires only the plaintiff's subjective belief in discrimination. _Mark Major_
Labor Arbitrator Blasts School District for Anti-Gay Censorship
Arbitrator Paul E. Glendon strongly criticized school authorities of the Plymouth-Canton,
Michigan, Community Schools for censoring displays on gay and lesbian history mounted by two
openly-gay teachers. _Plymouth-Canton Community Schools and Plymouth-Canton Education
Association_, Grievance No. 99/00-02 (Glendon, Arb.)
Glendon's opinion, issued on November
29, found that the acting superintendent of schools violated union contract rights and
constitutional rights when he ordered that both displays be removed from the schools.
Michael Chiumento, the band teacher at West Middle School, and Thomas Salbenblatt, a math
teacher at Salem High School, had both put up displays about gay and lesbian history in October
1999.
Chiumento's display was in a locked display case in the main hallway beside the middle
school gymnasium.
Salbenblatt's display was on a bulletin board in his classroom.
The interim
superintendent, Kenneth Walcott, claiming to have received complaints from some parents,
decided that the material in the displays was inappropriate and ordered that they be removed,
without revealing to the teachers the source or nature of the complaints.
Ironically, both teachers
had posted similar displays in previous years without any problem, and their building principals
had no objections to the displays.
The removal of the displays became a local media story, and
Walcott was broadcast on television news telling a reporter that the teachers were improperly
trying to promote the gay "lifestyle" at school.
The teachers union filed grievances on behalf of both teachers, complaining that their academic
freedom rights were being violated and that Walcott had steamrollered the teachers without
following procedures specified in the union contract, which required that any complaints from
the public be put through a hearing process, and which obligated the school district to protect
academic freedom of teachers from assaults mounted by members of the public.
In the arbitration process, Walcott testified that he was not intending to censor anything, but
demanded that the displays be removed because they did not relate to the school curriculum.
Arbitrator Glendon saw right through this. "Walcott cannot be taken at his word," wrote
Glendon, "because it is painfully apparent that his real reason for ordering grievants to take down
these displays was that they themselves are gay and in his personal opinion their purpose was to
'promote [their] own lifestyle.'
It is true, as the Employer emphasizes, that it brought no formal
charges to that effect against either grievant.
But if anything what Walcott did was even worse,
and potentially more damaging to their reputations and professional standing, than formal
disciplinary charges.
He went on television and stated that 'clearly' was what they tried to do,
and he reinforced that statement in a meeting with Salbenblatt by repeatedly using the word
'promotional' and telling Salbenblatt (as Walcott admitted), 'if that's your lifestyle, that's your
choice' but he couldn't 'take us off our mission.'"
Glendon also found that the school district failed in its obligation to afford proper procedures to
the teachers in this matter, and violated its duty to protect the academic freedom of teachers in
the face of complaints from parents. "The plain truth of the matter is that after Walcott received
public complaints about these displays he did not invoke the review procedures. . . to have them
judged fairly and impartially but simply adopted the complaints as his own, without any
consideration for contractual or policy requirements or practical precedents, and compounded
that injustice by himself subjecting the grievants to public harassment."
Glendon also found that Salbenblatt's constitutional rights of free speech had been violated, as
the bulletin board was in his classroom and he was generally free to put anything up that he felt
was appropriate to communicate to his students.
(Glendon totally rejected Walcott's argument
that Salbenblatt's rights were limited to putting up math displays.)
Said Glendon, "The
restriction [the school authorities] imposed on Salbenblatt was not reasonable, because it applied
only to him and was based, _falsely_, on grounds that were applied to no other teacher."
Glendon ordered the school district to provide a written apology to each teacher and to "desist
from such violations in the future."
The teachers had not sought any sort of damages, merely a
declaration that they were in the right and could mount such displays in the future without fear of
interference from the administration.
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund provided advice and assistance to the union attorneys
who appeared on behalf of the teachers before the labor arbitrator.
A.S.L.
Civil Litigation Notes
In _Marley v. Ibelli & Rose_, 2001 WL 1346010 (U.S.Dist.Ct., S.D.N.Y., Oct. 31), U.S. District
Judge Buchwald dismissed tort claims brought by a former Cooper-Hewitt Museum employee
against co-employees for on-the-job harassment allegedly inspired by the plaintiff's sexual
orientation and demeanor.
Buchwald found that the claims should have been brought against the
employer rather than co-employees under the Federal Tort Claims Act, and that all the claims
were either barred or insufficiently supported by factual allegations in the complaint.
J. Craig
Marley worked at Cooper-Hewitt, a Smithsonian Institute museum in New York City.
He was
hired in January 1997 and discharged in January 2001.
Marley alleged that two women on the
staff created a hostile environment for him through inappropriate remarks about gay men and
effeminate men, inappropriate touching, and generally harassing conduct.
In addition to filing a
discrimination charge with the Smithsonian's EEO office after his discharge, Marley filed a tort
action in state court against his two former co-workers, alleging assault, battery, intentional
infliction of emotional distress, and tortious interference with contract.
In effect, Marley blamed
the two co-workers for his dismissal. The defendants sought to remove the case to federal court,
claiming that tort claims against them for things they did at work should really be brought against
the government employer, and that the Federal Tort Claim Act would shield them from any
personal liability (and the government from any other liability).
Judge Buchwald agreed with
their argument, finding that individual government employees are generally immune from
individual tort liability for acts performed within the scope of their employment.
Marley tried to
get around this by seeking to amend his complaint to state a constitutional claim, but Judge
Buchwald refused to exercise discretion to allow the amendment, finding based on the facts
alleged that Marley would not be able to make out a constitutional claim.
The Court of Appeals of Maryland has imposed an indefinite suspension from law practice on
Gary E. Thompson, a married man who was convicted for stalking a thirteen-year-old boy.
_Attorney Grievance Commission of Maryland v. Thompson_, 2001 WL 1609420 (Dec. 17).
A
hearing judge had determined that Thompson's offense did not put him in violation of Maryland
Rules of Professional Conduct for lawyers, Rules 8.4(b) or (c), under which discipline had been
sought, but the disciplinary authority appealed.
The court determined that the offense for which
Thompson was convicted sufficiently brought into question his ethical standards as to justify
suspension, although several members dissented, calling for disbarment instead.
The hearing
judge had reasoned that Thompson's misconduct had nothing to do with his law practice, which
focuses mainly on elder law, and his pedophilia is unlikely to have any effect on his elderly
clients.
But the Court of Appeals was not convinced.
We previously reported on _Sharon S. v. Superior Court of San Diego County_, 2001 WL
1294101 (Cal. Ct. App., Oct. 25, 2001), in which the court cast doubts on the legality of all
existing second-parent adoptions in California.
According to an Associated Press report carried
in the _Washington Blade_ on Nov. 30, the court has rejected a motion to reconsider its ruling,
but has amended its opinion to remove some of the language suggesting that existing same-sex
adoptions are unlawful.
Multnomah County, Oregon, Circuit Judge Ellen Rosenblum has ruled that the Portland schools
may not allow the Boy Scouts to hold recruitment activities during the school day because the
organization denies membership to atheists, according to a Dec. 14 report in the _Portland
Oregonian_.
Judge Rosenblum stated that the school superintendent must revise existing policies
that allow the Scouts to enter the schools to recruit new members.
According to a report in the _Houston Chronicle_ on Dec. 15, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
5th Circuit reversed the dismissal of Gloria Swidriski's lawsuit against the Houston Police
Department claiming that the department violated the civil rights of her son, Marc Kajs, who was
murdered by his former partner, Ilhan Yilmaz, on March 29, 1998.
Swidriski claims that Kajs
had attempted to get help from the domestic violence unit of the police department because of
threats from Yilmaz, but was turned away.
The Court of Appeals reportedly said that if, as the
complaint alleges, it was the police department's policy "to afford less protection to a victim of
domestic violence in a homosexual relationship," that would be "sufficient to state an equal
protection claim." However, the appeals court also affirmed the district court's ruling that no
"state-created danger" existed in the situation.
Further litigation is now likely in _Swidriski v.
Houston Police Department_.
Recommending the dismissal of a same-sex harassment case brought under Title VII, Magistrate
Ellis of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York found that Glenn
Ciccotto's amended complaint was devoid of evidence as to specific incidents of harassment, or
that he was harassed because of his sex.
Ciccotto alleged that he was called "dick" and
"cocksucker" by co-workers, that various male co-workers made sexual advances and stared at
him, as well as calling his home and leaving lewd messages on his answering machine.
Ellis
found that Ciccotto's complaint neither named names nor specifically alleged that this
harassment was aimed at him because of his sex, as opposed to sexual orientation. _Ciccotto v.
LCOR, Inc._, 2001 WL 1606705 (Dec. 11).
The _New York Post_ reported on Dec. 3 that actor Tom Cruise has dropped a $100 million
defamation suit against Michael Davis, a publisher who had claimed that he had a videotape
showing Cruise engaged in homosexual conduct. According to a settlement of the case approved
by L.A. County Superior Court Judge Emilie Elias, Davis has admitted that his claim was untrue.
According to settlement documents, Davis states: "Tom Cruise does not appear on the videotape
. . . [He] is not, and never has been, homosexual and has never had a homosexual affair." Now,
that's settled.
Rumor-mongers, beware!
The settlement did not require Davis to make any
payment to Cruise.
Soap opera time.
For a detailed view into a wild and wacky workplace, check out the opinion in
_Teal v. Chicago Sun-Times, Inc._, 2001 WL 1609384 (U.S.Dist.Ct., N.D. Ill., Dec. 14), in
which the court grants summary judgment to the employer on a claim by a discharged employee
that she had suffered retaliation for claiming about sexual harassment.
The company discharged
her after investigating complaints that she was engaging in harassing activity, specifically
directed against a male employee whom she believed to be gay.
The whole story of what the
investigation turned up is too detailed to include here, but the entertainment value provided by
Judge Darrah's opinion is high.
The court found that there was no basis in the record for finding
that the employer retaliated against Teal for engaging in protected activity under Title VII when
she was discharged.
In _Hedrich v. Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System_, 2001 WL 1620128 (7th
Cir., Dec. 19), the court affirmed summary judgment in favor of the employer, rejecting a novel
claim by a woman who was denied tenure at the University of Wisconsin at Whitewater that she
was subjected to sexual orientation discrimination by the faculty in her predominantly-female
department because she was a heterosexual woman who had a close relationship with the only
male faculty member in the department.
Writing for the court, Circuit Judge Diane P. Wood
found no support in the record for the theory that Hedrich's sex or sexual orientation had
anything to do with the tenure denial.
The BNA _Daily Labor Report_, No. 233 (Dec. 6, 2001), reports that the EEOC has settled a
same-sex harassment case that was brought against River Oaks Diagnostic Network, Inc., in
Houston, Texas, with the signing of a consent decree on Nov. 26.
Female employees claimed
that a female supervisor had subjected them to extensive unwanted sexual attention, and that
management had refused to take action.
The monetary terms of the settlement were not made
public.
The company will be obligated to undertake special training and to guarantee that
employees who report improper conduct by supervisors are not subjected to unlawful retaliation.
_EEOC v. River Oaks Diagnostic Network, Inc._, U.S.Dist.Ct., S.D.Tex., No. H-01-3966.
A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
On Dec. 6, a Texas jury imposed a life sentence on a Georgia teen, James Charles Embree, age
19, convicted of murdering a gay professor with whom he had sex.
Embree tried to use a
"homosexual panic" defense to no avail.
Embree had pled guilty to the crime, and the jury was
only concerned with the sentencing portion of the case. _Washington Blade_, Dec. 14.
In _State of Hawaii v. Bani_, 2001 WL 1474865 (Hawaii Supreme Ct., Nov. 21), the court found
that Hawaii's version of "Megan's Law" requiring convicted sex offenders to register with the
state and authorizing notification to the public of their identities and residences is constitutionally
flawed in not giving the defendant an opportunity for a hearing specifically to determine whether
such public notification is warranted.
The court premised its ruling on the state constitution's
due process clause protection for liberty. A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
_D.C._
_Domestic Partner Benefits_
It appears that a domestic partner benefit plan for
District of Columbia municipal employees, enacted years ago, may finally go into effect when
President Bush signs this year's appropriations bill for the D.C. government.
On December 4 a
congressional conference committee agreed to a version of the bill that eliminates a restriction on
the District spending any money to fund partnership benefits.
Such a restriction has appeared in
the last nine annual District appropriations bills. _Washington Blade_, Dec. 7.
However, the
final version of the bill accepted House provisions banning the D.C. Human Rights Commission
from enforcing an order requiring the Boy Scouts to offer membership to two openly-gay
leadership applicants and forbidding the District from spending money on needle exchange
programs.
House Republicans are apparently eager to avoid spending taxpayer funds on
preventing D.C. residents who use IV drugs from contracting HIV, even if it means spending
more taxpayer money on expensive medical services to keep them alive after they do so.
This is
called ideological fiscal economy.
_Atlanta, Georgia_
_Domestic Partnership Ordinance_
Mayor Bill Campbell has vetoed a bill
passed by the City Council on Dec. 4 that would have disqualified companies that don't have
domestic partnership benefits plan from contracting with the city for goods or services.
Although
the mayor did not comment publicly on the veto, the bill had been criticized, even by some in the
gay community, as being poorly drafted and giving the city and contractors inadequate lead-time
to come into compliance.
The only member of the council who voted against it, Lee Morris,
chair of the council's finance committee, pointed out that the city presently has problems finding
bidders for some of its contracts, and argued that it was bad policy to quickly enact the domestic
partnership requirement without adequate study and lead-time for implementation. _Daily Labor
Report_ No. 238, Dec. 13, 2001, p. A-11.
_Snohomish County, Washington_
The county council voted 3-2 on Dec. 19 to protect county
employees from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
The council split along party
lines, leading to arguments that the measure was being rammed through in the face of an
anticipated change in the political balance of the council when newly-elected members take
office in January.
This is an anti-discrimination policy that may be headed for a speedy repeal.
_Seattle Times_, Dec. 20.
_San Diego, California_
_Boy Scouts Lease_
Bowing to legal opinions, the San Diego City
Council voted 6-3 to renew a lease of a 16-acre parcel in the city's Balboa Park to the local Boy
Scouts Council.
The Scouts will continue to pay a nominal $1 annual rental, in addition to an
annual $2500 administration fee, and have committed to making $1.7 million worth of
improvements in the property during the next 7 years of the lease.
Dissenters argued that the city
should not be doing business with a discriminatory organization, but the majority argued that
canceling the lease would unfairly punish thousands of kids who participate in the Council's
programs. _Los Angeles Times_, Dec. 5.
_Minnesota_
_Domestic Partnership Benefits_
A tie vote in the state legislature's
Subcommittee on Employee Relations results in domestic partnership benefits for same-sex
partners of state employees, negotiated by the public sector unions, going into effect on
December 21.
However, when the full legislature convenes in 2002, it is expected that
Republican's will raise the issue and attempt to past legislation rescinding the benefits.
_Minneapolis Star Tribune_, Dec. 11.
_Federal_ -- _9/11 Victim Compensation_
Special Master Kenneth Feinberg, appointed by the
Justice Department to administer the federal relief fund for victims of the September 11 terrorist
attacks, has issued interim regulations under the authority of Public Law 107-42, Title IV.
The
fund was intended both to compensate victims and to insulate the airlines from damage claims
for personal injuries arising from the 9/11 events.
One of the major policy questions facing
Feinberg is whether surviving same-sex partners of 9/11 victims should be entitled to the same
financial compensation that is being afforded to surviving legal family members.
The interim
regulations, which are published online at
http://www.usdoj.gov/victimcompensation/victimcompfedreg.htm, do not address the issue
directly.
A quick review of the regulations indicates that Feinberg is apparently treating the
compensation plan as a substitute for litigation, as it was apparently intended by Congress, and
thus is likely to construe eligibility the way a trial court would construe it in a suit for damages
against the airlines.
Claims can be filed by actual survivors who suffered physical injuries, and
by the executors or administrators of the estates of victims who died in the events.
Those who
would have claims against the estates or would be beneficiaries under wills apparently stand the
best chance of receiving compensation.
This doesn't sound good for surviving gay partners,
since California and Vermont and Hawaii may be the only states that expressly authorize
wrongful death suits by surviving partners (and then limited to those who are registered partners
under state laws), and attempts to include gay partners under intestate succession have been
notably unsuccessful.
Comments on the interim regulations are due by January 21, 2002, and can
be submitted by email to victimcomp.comments@usdoj.gov or by fax to 301-519-5956.
The
regs will eventually be codified at 28 CFR Part 104. * * * Meanwhile, predicting that surviving
same-sex partners of 9/11 decedents are unlikely to get quick compensation from the feds, two
New York organizations, Empire State Pride Agenda and the Stonewall Community Foundation,
have started their own 9/11 Fund to collect donations and distribute compensation to gay
partners.
Donations to "The 9/11 Gay & Lesbian Family Fund" can be sent to Stonewall at 119
W. 24 St., NY NY 10011.
For information, check their website at
www.stonewallfoundation.org.
_Federal_ - _Education Policy_
The education policy bill passed by Congress in December at
the behest of the Bush Administration includes several provisions of concern for lesbian/gay law.
Most prominently, it requires public schools to open their doors to military recruiters, and
instructs public school districts that are federal fund recipients (virtually all of them, that is) to
allow equal access to the Boy Scouts of America.
This merely codifies a recent court decision to
the same effect, which pointed out that the Boy Scouts have the same rights of access to the
schools as the Ku Klux Klan, an organization with some resemblance to the Scouts in certain of
its membership policies and tenets.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
In a letter sent to Matt Foreman, executive director of the Empire State Pride Agenda, on
November 30, Robert M. Bender, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the American Red Cross in
Greater New York, pledged that gay survivors and partners of victims of 9/11 will be treated
without discrimination by the Red Cross in provision of benefits from funds donated to the Red
Cross to compensate victims of the terrorist attacks.
Bender enclosed with his letter a set of
formal guidelines adopted by the Red Cross on November 28 listing various kinds of evidence
that could be considered in determining whether a benefit applicant was involved in a
relationship with a victim that would qualify them for assistance.
The guidelines list 16 different
items of potential evidence, and state that registration as domestic partners is not required,
although it is one way to prove the necessary relationship.
Staff are also advised not to deny
service for lack of verification, but to refer disputed cases to a supervisor, and supervisors are to
contact organizational officers before denying any assistance.
The guidelines were issued in
response to complaints that gay applicants were being turned away without being given adequate
opportunity to prove the nature of their relationships to victims.
Faculty members at the University of South Carolina voted in favor of a university non-
discrimination policy that includes sexual orientation on Dec. 5, but their action stirred up a
hornet's nest of protest among state legislators, some of whom vowed to take fiscal revenge
against the university if the policy is approved by the administration. _Washington Blade_, Dec.
14.
Collective bargaining between Florida's public university teachers and the state Board of
Education has come to an impasse over two issues: pay raises, and a demand by the teachers'
union for a non-discrimination provision that includes sexual orientation.
The Board is resisting
the non-discrimination demand, claiming that agreeing to such a provision would be contrary to
the intent of the state legislature, which is controlled by the Republican Party and dominated by
Republican Governor Jeb Bush. _South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, Dec. 20.
Faculty members at the University of Las Vegas Boyd School of Law created such a ruckus when
Marine recruiters came on campus on Oct. 24 that the law school's dean, Richard Morgan, felt
compelled to quell legislative unrest by formally apologizing to the Board of Regents for the
conduct of his faculty.
The faculty members were engaging in "ameliorative activity" to counter
the impact on their institution of allowing representatives of a discriminatory employer on
campus.
Dean Morgan told the Regents that they shouldn't take action against the faculty
members who disrupted the program, because he had authorized them to engage in protest
activity. _Las Vegas Review-Journal_, Dec. 8.
The Snohomish County, Washington, Health District board has approved new union contracts
under which employees with same-sex domestic partners will be able to get insurance coverage
for their partners, according to a Dec. 10 report by _The Herald_ in Everett, Washington.
Another first for Vermont: The Green Mountain Council of the Boy Scouts of America has
adopted a nondiscrimination policy that includes sexual orientation, and has stated that openly
gay men and boys are welcome to join the organization as leaders and members.
The Council
took this action because the leaders tired of being accused of discriminatory policies and
suffering pressure to be expelled from public schools and facilities.
Vermont is, at least
legislatively, the most gay-friendly jurisdiction in the nation, with a state civil union law, a state
non-discrimination law, and provision of domestic partnership benefits to state employees.
_Albany Times Union_, Dec. 18.
The Palm Beach County, Florida, Sheriff's Office has adopted a plan to offer medical benefits to
same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partners of its employees, beginning in January.
The
Sheriff, Ed Bieluch, an elected official, decided to adopt this policy for the 3,000-employee
department because he decided it was "the right thing to do." _South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, Dec.
14.
The _Washington Post_ reported Dec. 10 that a survey by the William M. Mercer consulting firm
determined that among companies with 500 or more workers, 16 percent offer employees
benefits coverage to same-sex partners of their employees, up from 12 percent a year earlier.
Among the very largest companies, with more than 20,000 workers, about a third provide such
benefits.
Ironically, these gains have come at a time when employers are trimming benefit plans
in response to rising costs, including dropping coverage for retired workers.
Opponents of Miami-Dade County's ordinance banning sexual orientation discrimination have
obtained sufficient petition signatures to force the county commissioners to take action.
Either
they can repeal the ordinance or they must put a repeal question on the ballot next September 10.
On Dec. 18, Miami-Dade Supervisor of Elections David Leahy certified that Take Back Dade-
Miami, an anti-gay organization, had managed to obtain 51,026 signatures, more than enough to
meet the requirements of the law. _South Florida Sun-Sentinel_, Dec. 19.
Two stories appearing in mid-December illustrated the differing ways that religious
denominations are dealing with the issue of homosexuality.
The Associated Press reported Dec.
18 that a formal complaint has been filed with the hierarchy of the United Methodist Church
against Rev. Mark Edward Williams, who "came out" at the denomination's Pacific Northwest
Annual Conference in June.
A United Methodist Judicial Council will determine whether he will
be removed from his pulpit at Woodland Park United Methodist Church in Seattle.
The council
ruled in October that the Methodist Book of Discipline forbids the appointment of gay pastors.
Just days earlier, on Dec. 15, the _Press-Enterprise_ in Riverside, California reported that
Temple Beth El, a Reform Jewish congregation, has voted to make permanent the appointment of
Rabbi Harold F. Caminker, an openly-gay man, who had joined the congregation on an interim
basis in August.
Caminker, previously married and the father of three daughters, divorced in
1995 and "came out" to his peers in the Reform rabbinate.
The president of the congregation,
Jim Orens, told the newspaper that Caminker's sexual orientation was not an issue in the
decision about his hiring.
Caminker has been a leader in interfaith activity in Riverside, inviting
the executive director of a local Muslim mosque to speak at the synagogue on Yom Kippur.
The _South Florida Sun-Sentinel_ reported Dec. 18 that a mystery donor had presented $200,000
to the South Florida Council of the Boy Scouts of America to show support for the organization's
ban against gay leaders and members.
The donor had offered the money as a challenge grant, and
the Council has raised another $100,000 toward matching it.
The gift was inspired by the
decision of the Broward County United Way to suspend support for the Scouts because of their
discriminatory policies.
An openly lesbian politician, Cathy Woolard, won a run-off to become City Council President of
Atlanta. _Atlanta Journal_, Dec. 2.
A.S.L.
International Notes
_Egypt_
An Egyptian appellate court has reduced the sentence of a teenager who was swept up
in the mass arrests of gay men at a popular nightclub essentially to time served, commenting that
a youngster could not be expected to appreciate his best interest in such matters.
Young
Mahmoud was convicted on September 18 in the Cairo Juvenile Court and sentenced to three
years in jail and three years probation.
The appeals court reduced the sentence to six months of
each, and since Mahmoud had been jailed since his arrest last May 10, he was ordered
immediately released. _International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission_ Press
Release, Dec. 19.
Twenty-three men who were arrested in the same police action are now
serving sentences of various lengths, having been convicted of violating laws against "habitual
practice of debauchery" and "contempt of religion." The Emergency Security Court that
convicted them acquitted 29 other men who had been arrested at the same time.
_Sweden_ -- Reuters reported on December 9 that a male sperm donor for a lesbian couple was
held liable by a Swedish county court for child support after the couple split up.
Although most
sperm donors in Sweden are anonymous, in this case the lesbian couple chose a friend to be a
"known donor." The court found that since his identity as the biological father was not in doubt,
he could be compelled to pay the equivalent of $265 a month to help support the child conceived
with his sperm.
The man has appealed the ruling, arguing under Swedish law that sperm donors
are generally held to have no parental obligations.
_Netherlands_
We have to correct a report from the December _Law Notes_ concerning co-
parent rights in the Netherlands.
According to Kees Waaldijk, our principal informant on Dutch
law, the new law going into effect January 1 will give co-parents various rights, duties and
responsibilities with respect to the biological or adoptive children of their partners, but will not
give them parental status.
Waaldijk also informs us that Iceland has had a similar rule since 1996
for its registered partners with respect to their children.
_Netherlands_
The Associated Press reported on Dec. 12 that in the first six months since the
new Dutch law opening up marriage to same sex couples went into effect, approximately
2,100
men and 1,700 women have participated in same-sex marriages, which comprised 3.6 percent of
all new marriages performed during the period April 1 - September 30.
The Central Bureau of
Statistics reported that the figure was more than 6% of all marriage during April, but has
stabilized at about 3% of the marriages performed each month.
_Canada_
The _National Post_ reported on Dec. 7 that the British Columbia Supreme Court
has ruled against Gregory Wald's suit seeking a share of the estate of the late David Spencer, a
wealthy department store heir who had reportedly set up Wald in an apartment while they were
having a 2-1/2 year affair, only to terminate the relationship when his financial advisor convinced
him that Wald had been abusing the credit cards that Spencer gave him.
The court found that
Spencer was entitled to make his testamentary dispositions and revise his will to remove a
substantial bequest to Wald.
In prior litigation, reported as _Wald v. Horning_, 1999
CarswellBC 443 (B.C. Sup. Ct. in chambers), Wald sued the financial advisor for interference
with inheritance, which the court found to be an attempt to end-run the province's abolition of
the old common law action of alienation of affections.
_Philippines_
The _Manila Standard_ reported on Dec. 6 that the lower house of the national
legislature is expected to pass House Bill 2784, titled "An Act Prohibiting Sexual Discrimination
on the Basis of Sexual Orientation and Providing Penalties Therefor." The legislation, authored
by Rep. Loretta Ann Rosales, would penalize discrimination against lesbians, gay men,
bisexuals, transsexuals, and intersexuals.
As such, if enacted it could become the first legislative
recognition of intersexuals as a protected group.
Characteristic of a new openness toward sexual
minorities, the newspaper also reported that the Philippine National Police and the Armed Forces
of the Philippines have announced that they will accept gay people in their ranks provided they
don't engage in conduct "inimical to public morals."
_India_
The Naz Foundation, a gay rights group, has filed a public interest suit in the Delhi
High Court asking for a ruling that the law against "unnatural offenses" which penalizes
consensual sodomy, be declared in violation of the right to life and liberty under Article 21 of the
Indian Constitution.
A division bench of the court has issued notices to the Delhi Government,
the social welfare ministry, the Police Commissioner and the National AIDS Council asking
them to respond to the complaint, which argues, among other things, that the continued
maintenance of the law is a barrier in the fight against AIDS. _Times of India_, Dec. 8.
_Spain_
Continuing a process of making amends to members of groups that were persecuted
under the right-wing Franco regime, the Spanish parliament approved a measure pledging to
expunge the criminal records of gay people who were imprisoned during that time, and to seek
ways to compensate them for years of torture and imprisonment, according to a Dec. 13 report in
_The Guardian_.
Previous similar measures were passed seeking to compensate former political
prisoners and anti-Franco guerilla fighters.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Following the lead of the American Bar Association, which years ago approved an affiliation
with the National Lesbian and Gay Law Association, the American Medical Association has
approved an affiliation with the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association, which will be part of the
AMA's Specialty and Service Society.
Two days after the Dec. 3 vote to include GLMA, the
AMA leaders approved a resolution in support of domestic partner benefits in the medical
profession. _Washington Blade_, Dec. 14. A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
California Defamation Litigation Concerning Statements About an AIDS Doctor
A California Court of Appeal panel upheld a damage award for defamation where false
statements were made that a physician had AIDS. _Cable v. Todisco_, 2001 WL 1555372 (Cal.
App. 4 Dist., Dec. 5).
Dr. Douglas Cable and his former nurse, Joan Todisco, have had a tortured history in the
California courts.
In 1991, the parties contracted to have Todisco provide home health care
services for Cable's terminally ill patients, most of whom had AIDS. A dispute arose in 1995
over a division of the profits and Todisco sued and was awarded almost $200,000.00.
After her victory on the contract issue, Todisco did not stop there. Todisco told a number of
people, falsely, that Cable was dying of AIDS. After this, Cable's practice started to decline and
he suffered from depression and anxiety.
In 1996, Cable brought this action against Todisco for
defamation of character and infliction of emotional distress. Todisco represented herself pro se in
the litigation and, as a result, it took years for the matter to go to trial. At trial, Cable offered
evidence of lost revenue from Todisco's statements of between $800,000 and $1,100,000. The
court found, however, that Cable's losses were not solely attributable to Todisco's statements.
The court specifically found that the "sad fact remains that Dr. Cable's specialty in infectious
diseases, particularly HIV/AIDS cases would also impact damages in at least two ways: (1) the
death rate among AIDS patients must work to reduce patient rolls, and (2) Dr. Cable's non-
HIV/AIDS patients may very well go to other doctors" for fear of being infected.
As a result, the
court awarded damages to Cable in the sum of $250,000 and reimbursement for psychological
counseling of $27,000.
Todisco appealed the judgment, but the court of appeal affirmed the trial court's decision. In its
decision, the appeals court stated: "We agree with the trial court that it is now time for the parties
'to disengage.'
We share the court's hope that despite 'having destroyed that which [they] built,'
the parties 'can go forth ... in the future and rebuilding [their lives] in a productive and beneficial
way.'" This case and the behavior of the parties begs the question of whether litigation solves
anything. _Todd V. Lamb, a litigator_
Housing Works Beats Back Giuliani's Motion to Dismiss Its Constitutional Claims
A New York federal district court judge has ruled that Housing Works, a not-for-profit
organization that administers programs dedicated to serving people living with HIV/AIDS, may
proceed with discovery in its civil lawsuit against New York City, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and
numerous other high-ranking municipal officers for allegedly violating the organization's
constitutional free speech and equal protection rights. _Housing Works, Inc. v. Giuliani_, 2001
WL 1537551 (Nov. 30).
In two separate complaints, Housing Works has alleged that the mayor and members of his staff
and administration purposefully refused to renew various service contracts with Housing Works
because of the organization's public protests and criticism of the mayor's HIV/AIDS policies. In
a scrupulously detailed decision and order that exceeds one hundred pages, District Judge
Marrero denied significant portions of the defendants' Rule 12(c) motion to dismiss, concluding
that Housing Work's complaint sufficiently stated a cause of action under 42 U.S.C. section
1983, for alleged violations of the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution.
Since its founding in 1991, Housing Works has operated several multi-million dollar programs
funded in part by New York City to provide housing, counseling and other services to people
living with HIV/AIDS. Housing Works explains in its complaint that in addition to providing direct
services to the public, it also "has long been a vocal and militant critic of the Giuliani
Administration's attempts to cut and restrict essential services and benefits provided for low-
income people with HIV and AIDS." The organization has filed lawsuits and staged protests and
engaged in other acts of civil disobedience against the Giuliani Administration over the years.
Housing Work alleges that beginning in 1997, in retaliation for its criticism of Giuliani's
policies, the defendants refused to renew contracts with Housing Works and prevented it from
securing funding through other city, state and federal grants. The defendants have attempted to
justify their actions by noting in support of their motion to dismiss that as early as 1995, Housing
Works suffered from severe financial mismanagement. According to Housing Works, this is
merely a pretext for discrimination since all financial irregularities that were uncovered by an
independent audit in 1995 were corrected, to the City's satisfaction, by the following year.
Leaving aside these factual issues for purposes of the defendants' motion to dismiss, the court
focused on the legal limits placed on federal, state and local governments in terminating their
contractual relationships with independent contractors because of the latter's exercise of their
right to free speech. The defendants argued that since the City had not in fact terminated any
existing contracts with Housing Works, but simply refused to renew contracts that had expired
and refused to award new contracts to Housing Works, the plaintiff had not stated a viable claim
under precedent established by the Supreme Court in 1996 in _Wabaunsee County, Kansas v.
Umbehr_, 518 U.S. 668. The court rejected this position, and found as a matter of law that in
light of the long-standing and continuous relationship between Housing Works and the City, any
adverse decision against Housing Works as a result of the exercise of its free speech rights even
as to prospective contracts could be actionable under _Umbehr_.
The court similarly concluded that Housing Works' complaint contained sufficient allegations to
survive a motion to dismiss as to its equal protection claims. Judge Marrero noted: "Housing
Works has met its burden at the pleading stage by alleging that many other non-profit service
organizations had financial management problems and that Housing Works was singled out for
different treatment with no rational basis, in this case on the unacceptable grounds of its exercise
of First Amendment rights."
Housing Works sued Giuliani and the other government officials both in their official and
individual capacities. The City moved to dismiss the complaints as to all of the individual
defendants on the basis of qualified
immunity, and based on its position that Housing Works
failed to allege that the individually named defendants participated directly in the alleged
constitutional violations.
The court rejected the City's argument of qualified immunity as to all
of the defendants, ruling that by 1997 the defendants should have known that their alleged
retaliatory conduct may have violated Housing Works' constitutional rights as interpreted by the
Supreme Court in the 1996 _Umbehr_ decision. After examining in detail the factual claims in
Housing Works' complaints, the court concluded that the allegations against Giuliani and all but
two of the individually named defendants pleaded sufficiently the element of "direct participation."
The court dismissed Housing Works' claims for punitive damages and its causes of action that
were based on alleged violations of New York State's constitution and common-law fraud. Judge
Marrero's decision nonetheless is a victory not only for Housing Works, but also for other
organizations that wish to compete for city contracts without giving up their right to aggressively
advocate on behalf of the people or causes they serve. _Ian Chesir-Teran_
Florida Supreme Court Revives "Condom in Coke Bottle" Emotional Distress Suit
In 1999, the Florida 5th District Court of Appeals threw out a jury verdict in favor of two women
who claimed to have suffered great emotional distress for fear of contracting HIV and other
sexually-transmitted diseases when they thought that a used condom was floating in a bottle of
coke from which they drank.
The jury had awarded $75,000 to each of the plaintiffs and $20,000
for loss of consortium to the husband of one of them, and the trial court had reduced the awards
to $25,000 for each woman and $8,000 to the husband.
The appeals court, noting expert
testimony that a harmless mold had been mistaken by the women for a condom, reversed the
verdict, holding that under Florida's "impact rule" there could be no recovery for emotional
distress in the absence of an actual physical injury.
The Supreme Court has now revived the verdicts, ruling in an opinion by Justice Anstead that the
finds that the impact rule should not stand in the way of a viable emotional distress claim.
Anstead wrote that "public policy dictates" such a result, "in that a cause of action for emotional
distress caused by the ingestion of a contaminated food or beverage should be recognized despite
the lack of an accompanying physical injury" because "ingestion of a food or beverage containing
a foreign substance constitutes an 'impact'." The court notes that some other jurisdictions have
reached a similar conclusion, citing another condom-in-a-coke-bottle case, _Wallace v. Coca-
Cola Bottling Plants, Inc._, 269 A.2d 117 (Me. 1970), in which that court found such
circumstances to meet impact requirements, and in a later case even loosened standards further
by waiving the requirement that plaintiffs show a physical manifestation of their emotional
injuries. _Culbert v. Sampson's Supermarkets, Inc._ 444 A.2d 433 (Me. 1982).
The opinion drew a dissent from Justice Harding.
Harding quoted the court of appeals decision,
noting that after an all-state search for precedent, the court had found no case allowing damages
in this kind of scenario for fear of AIDS in the absence of some evidence that "the virus was
present" such that a fear of contagion was reasonable.
Harding also objected that the court's
ruling amounted to an advisory opinion.
No wonder liability insurance for business is so high!
A.S.L.
Another Parting Shot At Giuliani From the Federal District Court
In a scathing opinion issued on December 11 in _Henrietta D. v. Giuliani_, 2001 WL 1602114
(U.S.Dist.Ct., E.D.N.Y.), District Judge Sterling Johnson endorsed the report and
recommendations prepared by U.S. Magistrate Judge Cheryl Pollak to ensure the City of New
York's compliance with its responsibilities to people with HIV/AIDS and denied the City's
demand that the recommendations be held up while the City appeals Johnson's ruling to the U.S.
Court of Appeals.
In the course of his opinion, Johnson also granted the request by the Plaintiffs to strike from the
record documents submitted by the City which had not been disclosed to the plaintiffs during the
discovery phase of the lawsuit, in violation of the Federal Rules governing discovery of relevant
information by parties to a lawsuit.
Judge Johnson found all of the City's objections to Judge Pollak's report to be totally without
merit.
In essence, Pollak had fashioned a report that requires the City to comply with city, state
and federal law and regulations in making services and benefits available to people with
HIV/AIDS.
Johnson found that the City was trying to raise new objections to Pollak's report that
had never been presented to Judge Pollak during the period when she was conferring with the
parties on the substance of her report, and found that the City's objections were now precluded
from consideration as a result.
As to the City's attempt to supplement the documentary record before the court with materials
that had not been produced in response to the plaintiffs' discovery demands, Johnson wrote:
"Considering the length of time City Defendants had to produce the document in question, the
Court finds that City Defendants' conduct constitutes flagrant bad faith and a callous disregard of
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure."
Most importantly, however, Johnson ruled that Pollak's recommendations, which require the
City to comply with the law and also require the State to monitor the City's performance, should
go into effect without waiting to see what the court of appeals might say in response to an appeal
by the City.
Johnson rejected the City's argument that the expansion of staff that would be
required to comply will impose an irreparable harm on the City, observing that the City has been
on notice since the court issued its first ruling in this case more than a year ago that it would be
ordered to comply with all legal requirements, including the levels of staffing specified in the
City legislation that had created the Division of Aids Services and Income Support
a bill that
had been masterminded by Tom Duane during his time on the City Council to ensure that the
Giuliani Administration could not administratively reduce City services to people living with
AIDS.
Nonetheless, the City was now complaining that it needed more time to comply, an
argument that Johnson found unconvincing.
As Judge Johnson observed, "As Plaintiffs are persons who suffer from AIDS and HIV-related
illness, granting the stay requested by City Defendants does not serve the public interest.
Rather,
it is in the public interest that Plaintiffs be given meaningful access to the benefits and services to
which they are entitled as soon as feasibly possible.
This Court finds that the balance of factors
clearly weigh against granting a stay."
The Plaintiffs are represented by volunteer lawyers from Pillsbury Winthrop LLP, with the
assistance of lawyers from Housing Works and the HIV Law Project. A.S.L.
W. Va. Court Refuses to Block Subpoena for Doctor's Records
In _Feathers v. Board of Medicine_, 200l WL 1525179 (Nov. 28),
the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia affirmed the lower court's decision to subpoena 30 random patient
files of the appellant doctor to determine whether his fees were reasonable. The doctor sought a
writ of prohibition which would have halted the enforcement of the Board's subpoena, raising
confidentiality concerns about HIV-related patient information in the files, but it was denied.
Quoting from the case _Allen v. Bedell_, 454 S.E.2d 77 (W.Va. 1994), the court said writs of
prohibition provide a drastic remedy to be invoked only in extraordinary situations.
One of Dr. Feathers' arguments was that the Board's subpoena is procedurally detective because
it did not exempt from its coverage the files of patients who had submitted to HIV testing or the
mental health records of some patients.
Dr. Feathers' concern is that
a person's HIV status or
mental health is statutorily protected information that can not be obtained by subpoena.
The
court disagreed, asserting that Dr. Feathers did not carry the burden of proving the information is
privileged, and the Board did establish a right to have its subpoena enforced.
The outcome of this decision presents one question: what information is protected when you visit
a doctor?
A person taking an HIV test, or someone with metal illness, should be entitled to have
their information kept confidential, but this court apparently did not agree. _Tara Scavo_
AIDS Litigation Notes
In _Matter of Dexter_, 2001 WL 1355722 (N.C.Ct.App., Nov. 6), the court approved the Durham
County District Court's placement of five children with their father, after finding that their
mother, from the whom the father is divorced, had neglected the children.
The mother argued on
appeal that the trial court failed to take into account that father was HIV+, but the court of
appeals treated the trial court's factual finding that placement with the father would be in the
childrens' best interest as conclusive on appeal.
The _Albany Times Union_ reported Dec. 10 that Thomas J. O'Brien, who admitted having sex
with two boys while knowing that he is HIV+, will be sentenced to twenty years in prison on two
counts of first-degree sodomy.
(Although New York has repealed its laws against consensual
sodomy, sodomy with minors remains a criminal offense.)
According to the news report, both of
the young boys have repeatedly tested negative for HIV.
The sentencing is scheduled to take
place Jan. 4 in Albany County, New York, Court.
U.S. District Judge Sweet applied a downward departure from sentencing guidelines in _United
States v. Martin_, 2001 WL 1537700 (S.D.N.Y., Dec. 3), in part due to the defendants' declining
health due to AIDS. A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
President George W. Bush has designed Patricia Funderburk Ware to be the executive director of
the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV and AIDS, a body created in 1995 to offer
recommendations to the White House on HIV/AIDS programs.
Ware is a prominent exponent of
"abstinence-only" educational programs, and directed the Office of Adolescent Pregnancy
Programs during the administration of Pres. George H. W. Bush. _Washington Times_, Dec. 10.
Revised Guidelines for HIV Counseling issued by the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention include, for the first time, a recommendation that counselors refer people for legal
services, thus recognizing that importance of legal advice to persons with HIV.
The Guidelines
can be found on-line at www.cdc.gov/nchstp/od/draft.htm.
David Schulman, an HIV/AIDS
attorney in the Los Angeles City Attorneys Office, spearheaded a national effort to get the CDC
to revise its initial draft to include this recommendation.
Those seeking more information about
the issue can contact him at dschulm@atty.lacity.org.
The _Wall Street Journal_ reported on Dec. 20 that the U.S. lags behind many other countries in
HIV-testing because the holder of patents on a new technology for simplified, rapid testing is
refusing to allow its use in the United States.
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., holds the patent on a
simple test-kit that uses a litmus-type test to detect the presence of antibodies to HIV in saliva.
The test can be performed simply by dipping the test paper into the subject's mouth and seeing if
it changes color.
Widespread availability of such testing in the U.S. would drastically decrease
test expenses and would eliminate the problem that a substantial portion of those who go to
confidential or anonymous test sites do not return to find out their results.
The _Journal_ reports
that Bio-Rad did license some rights to three large companies in the U.S., but those companies
presently market the much more lucrative laboratory-based tests and don't want to hurt their own
revenues by making the simplified test available.
The CDC has asked the Justice Department to
consider mounting an antitrust action against the drug companies to make this test available on
public health grounds.
A study presented on Dec. 18 at a meeting on infectious diseases in Chicago sponsored by the
American Society for Microbiology reported that half of those under treatment for HIV-infection
in the U.S. have strains of the virus that are resistant to at least one of the standard AIDS drugs
now on the market.
The high prevalence of drug-resistant virus was seen as a major challenge
for efforts to cope with the HIV/AIDS epidemic. _Chicago Tribune_, Dec. 19. A.S.L.
AIDS International Notes
_South Africa_
On Dec. 14, Judge Chris Botha of the High Court in Pretoria ruled that the
government must expand an existing experimental program to make appropriate AIDS
medications available to pregnant women giving birth in all public hospitals.
Statistics show that
about 200 HIV+ babies are born every day in South Africa, but the government has resisted
expanding the program beyond a few experimental locations, on grounds both of expenses and of
President Mbeki's opposition to HIV-related medications on the ground that he is still not
convinced that HIV is the cause of AIDS.
AIDS organizations in South Africa cheered the
ruling, only to learn a few days later that the government will appeal it to the constitutional court,
claiming that Botha was without jurisdiction to make such a ruling on a matter of government
policy. _Associated Press_, Dec. 16 & 19.
_Canada_
Quebec Superior Court Justice Jean-Jacques Croteau dismissed a discrimination
lawsuit brought by gay stockbroker DeWolf Shaw against First Marathon Securities, Ltd., who
alleged that he was discharged because he has AIDS.
The judge asserted that Shaw had provided
no evidence of discrimination on the basis of his sexual orientation or his health status.
Shaw
still has a lawsuit going against National Bank of Canada, which bought First Marathon in 1999.
_Globe and Mail_, Dec. 13.
_Malaysia_
The Selangor provincial government has backed away from a proposal to restrict
condom sales, which had been brought forward to appease Muslim groups that objected to the
easy, widespread availability of prophylactics.
The objectors complained that even small
children could easily gain access to condoms, which offended moral propriety, but the
government has concluded that the war against HIV and other sexually-transmitted diseases
should take priority over these moral qualms.
The matter has been heavily debated in the letters-
to-the-editor columns in Malaysian newspapers for several months. _Straits Times_, Dec. 13.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
MOVEMENT JOB ANNOUNCEMENTS
The Lavender Law 2002 conference will be held in Philadelphia on October 10-12, 2002, at the
Loews Hotel.
The conference is timed to coincide with Columbus Weekend and Philadelphia's
Outfest Block Party.
Save the date!
RESEARCH ANNOUNCEMENT
ATTENTION YALE LAW SCHOOL ALUMNI. For an academic research project on the
experience of LGBT persons at Yale Law School, I am seeking telephone interviews with LGBT
graduates of this institution. I would be grateful if you would share your experience; your
participation will enable me to construct a more complete picture of the LGBT student
experience over the years. Interviews are strictly confidential and typically last 20 minutes. I am
eager to talk with all individuals, and am conducting interviews through the end of February. To
schedule an interview, please email (derek.dorn@yale.edu) or telephone (203/752-0007). Thank
you! Sincerely, Derek Dorn (YLS '02)
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Beger, Nico J., _Que(e)rying political practices in Europe: Tensions in the
Struggle for Sexual Minority Rights_ (University of Amsterdam Ph.D. thesis,
Nov. 2001, available from nicobeger@t-online.de).
Brandes, Joel R., _Visitation Rights of Non-Parents_, NYLJ, Dec. 19, 2001, p. 3.
_Student Articles:_
Marston, Jennifer, _Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow's Approaches to Resolving Child Custody
Jurisdiction in Oregon_, 80 Oregon L. Rev. 301 (Spring 2001).
Note, _Common Law Adoption: An Argument for Statutory Recognition of Non-Parent
Caregiver Visitation_, 33 Suffolk U. L. Rev. 163 (1999).
Wong, Caroline M., _Chemical Castration: Oregon's Innovative Approach to Sex Offender
Rehabilitation, or Unconstitutional Punishment?_, 80 Oregon L. Rev. 267 (Spring 2001).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of identified writers, and are
not official positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL
Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are
attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law
Notes_ is welcome and will be published subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to
the Editor or send via e-mail. * * * Note: Due to year-end commitments by the editor, this issue
of _Law Notes_ closed especially early in December.
Legal developments occurring late in the
month will be covered in the February issue.
^Z