http://www.ibcbolingbrook.org/privacy/
Effective Date: January 2020
Last Revised: January 2020
Thank you for visiting the Independent Baptist Church website at www.ibcbolingbrook.org (“Website”). Independent Baptist Church (“IBC”) is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement outlines our use of personal information collected through the Website. The practices outlined herein are incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use for the Website.
This Privacy Statement is current as of the Effective Date. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time. Please consult this portion of the Website periodically for important changes to the Privacy Statement as IBC may, at any time, and without notice, revise this Privacy Statement by updating this posting.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully. By accessing or using the Website, you are bound by these terms and conditions and any changes to these terms and conditions; you should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Statement. Access or use of the Website following any change to this Privacy Statement constitutes your agreement to those changes. If at any time you choose not to accept the terms of this Privacy Statement, you should not access or use this Website.
Please continue reading below for information on how use and disclose your personal information.
Personal Information We Collect
You do not have to provide any personal information to access or use certain portions of our Website. In order to register for special events (i.e. soccer camp or teen and adult activities) we will require you to register and provide certain personal information about yourself. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your name, contact information and email address.
How We Use Personal Information
IBC may store and process personal information in order to facilitate your use of the Website.
IBC may also store or process your personal information using contractors, subcontractors and vendors (collectively, “IBC Third Parties”) and their agents or employees. Our IBC Third Parties will be required to protect the privacy of your personal information in the same manner as set forth in this Privacy Statement. IBC is not responsible for the protection of any personal information provided by you to third parties or other websites even if you reach such third parties or other websites through hyperlinks from our Website.
As indicated on the Website, IBC may also send you e-mail communications to the email address provided at the Website. If you do not want to receive such e-mails from us, please follow the instructions provided in the body of such e-mails or please contact IBC at office@ibcbolingbrook.org.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
While you use our Website, we may collect and aggregate anonymous information from you including but not limited to your demographic data, browser type, your Internet Service Provider or operating system, the URL of previous Websites you visited, and your IP address.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the Website. We may also use your IP address to identify you when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with this Privacy Statement or the Terms of Use or to protect our services, Website, systems, information, employees, business partners, service providers, users, customers or others.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact Forms
We may also collect personal information that you provide in the material you submit to our Website or in your correspondence with us via contact forms. If you decide not to provide us with this personal information, you will still be able to access or use certain parts of our Website, although there may be some features or services that are unavailable to you.
Cookies
We may collect information from you by using cookies. A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer containing information about you. Cookies help us analyze web traffic, provide user data for a particular webpage, and allow web applications to be responsive to you as an individual. This helps us tailor our operations to your specific needs and preferences by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you would prefer to prevent your computer from accepting our cookies, please follow your Internet browser’s steps for doing so. However, if you do disable cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our online features or access certain sections of our Website.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles and posts on this website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you (if applicable), including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Disclosures and Onward Transfers
We will not disclose, trade, rent, sell or otherwise transfer your personal information without your consent except as otherwise set out in the Privacy Statement.
To enable us to more efficiently operate the Website, we may share your personal information with selected third parties who are acting on our behalf as our agents, suppliers, or providers. You acknowledge that the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information may be undertaken by these selected third parties for the purposes for which the data was collected. Our service providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions, and they are not authorized to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes.
There are also business and/or legal reasons we may be required to disclose your personal information.
We may also be required by law to provide your personal information to law enforcement or a government agency in response to a search warrant, subpoena or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body. We may also disclose your personal information where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, to protect our interest or preserve our rights, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Security
We use procedural and technological security measures which are reasonably designed to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure, consistent with industry standards.
We use encryption, passwords, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, it is always possible that third parties will unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or defeat these measures. Therefore, we do not promise and cannot guarantee (and thus you should not expect) that your personal information can never be viewed and/or used by others. IBC is not responsible for these unauthorized uses, thus you should be careful about the information you make available when using our Website.
Other Sites
Our Website may contain links to other sites that IBC does not own or operate. Links to our Website may also be featured on third party websites on which we advertise.
We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to you. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked Websites. We recommend you carefully read the privacy statements, notices and Terms of Use of any other Websites that you visit. We do not have any control over such Websites, and therefore we assume no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked Websites collect, use or disclose, secure or otherwise treat your personal information.
Complaints
IBC takes your privacy concerns seriously. If you believe we have not complied with this Privacy Statement with respect to your personal information, please contact IBC at office@ibcbolingbrook.org.
Worship with usIndependent Baptist Church
380 W. Boughton Road
Bolingbrook, IL 60440
630.759.1900
office@ibcbolingbrook.orgRecent SermonsThe Unspeakable GiftDecember 9, 2020 - 6:52 pmMy King & My God: Yahweh-M’KaddeshDecember 6, 2020 - 5:52 pmThe Clutter of ChristmasDecember 6, 2020 - 9:52 amBible Verse of the DayI am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.John 6:51Site Search
Scroll to top