http://www.canadians.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Policy
Wednesday, February 26, 2020 - 15:12
The Council of Canadians is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. We adhere to the highest standards of privacy and security in compliance with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, the Privacy Act, and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Credit card and direct debit information
Your credit and direct debit donations are processed by a certified Level 1 Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)-compliant payment processor to ensure payment information is processed, stored and transmitted in a secure environment. All donation pages are secured using secure socket layers (SSL) data encryption between your browser and our server network. PayPal donations are processed by PayPal according to PayPal’s safety and security standards.
Cookies
Our website uses Google Analytics to help us measure how our users are interacting with our website. Google Analytics uses “cookies” to remember what a user has done on previous pages. It does not store any personal information about you in accordance with the Google Analytics privacy policy.
E-mail addresses
Your consent is required in order to receive event invitations, opportunities to help fund initiatives and other e-mail updates from the Council of Canadians. You can unsubscribe at any time. We will never trade or sell your e-mail address.
Mailing addresses
From time to time, the Council of Canadians exchanges some donor mailing addresses with other like-minded organizations in order to reach new audiences and raise funds for important work. The exchange is managed by a bonded third-party broker, and your information is only provided to the other organization if you choose to respond to its mailing. You may opt out of having your mailing address exchanged in this manner at any time by contacting us.
Petitions and action alerts
The Council of Canadians offers tools for you to speak out on issues you care about by signing a petition or sending an e-mail to elected officials. If you choose to use one of these tools, your name and contact information will be sent to the recipients of the petition or action alert so that they can respond directly to you about your concerns.
Accountability
The Council of Canadians is an independent organization and does not accept money from corporations or governments. Our work is sustained by the volunteer energy and generous donations of people like you.