https://www.meaningfullife.com/terms-conditions/
Cart
Login
Search for:
Home » Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Meaningfullife.com Terms of Use
Binding Agreement
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Service (as defined below). By accessing this Site (as defined below) or using the Service, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. This Agreement is intended to be fully effective and binding on you and on us. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, YOU MUST HAVE THE CONSENT OF A PARENT OR GUARDIAN BEFORE YOU PROCEED TO USE THIS SITE. See “Minors” section below for more.
All of the webpages related to the domains www.meaningfullife.com (the “Site”) and any other domain operated by or for the Meaningful Life Center (hereinafter the “MLC”) constitute an online information and internet site provided by the MLC. Use of the Service information, the services provided on the Site, and the internet site itself (collectively, the “Service”) are governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Modifications
Please note that the MLC may change the terms of this Agreement at any time without notice and such changes will be effective on the date that such modified terms are posted on the MLC’s Site at www.meaningfullife.com. Access to or use of this Site after such changes have taken effect constitutes acceptance of all changes. Please also note that at any time, without notice, the MLC reserves the right to terminate your access to this site.
Minors
If you are under 18, you may use the Site only with involvement and consent of a parent or guardian. The MLC reserves the right to refuse Service, terminate access, remove or edit User Content or, or cancel orders for any product offered through the Site in our sole discretion. If you have agreed to allow your minor child, or a child for whom you are legal guardian (a “Minor”), to use the Service and the Site, you agree that you shall be solely responsible for: (a) the online conduct of such Minor; (b) monitoring such Minor’s access to and use of the Service and the Site, including all User Content provided by such Minor; and (c) the consequences of any use of the Service by such Minor. Children under the age of 13 should not register for any Service hereunder. At various places on the Service, we may ask whether users are under the age of 18 or 13. The MLC relies on our users to be truthful in responding to these questions. If a user does not identify his/her proper age, we will have no way of verifying actual age with respect to our policies.
The MLC’s Sites do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If the MLC learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online, in contravention of these measures, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required by law).
Your Account Obligations
In order to use our Website, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself on the membership application form and to maintain and promptly update such account information. If you provide any untrue or inaccurate information, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue or inaccurate, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse all current and future use by you of our Websites. Account information and certain other information about you are subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
You will receive a password and account designation after you have completed your membership application form and provided the required account information. You agree to maintain the security of your account on our Website, including the confidentiality of your password and other account information, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account, including all charges resulting from unauthorized use of your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. The MLC does sell products that may be intended for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use the Site only with involvement of a parent or guardian. The MLC reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Interactive Site
This Site is, in part, dedicated to providing online community experience that is interactive. By posting on this Site, whether to post photographs, videos, blogs or other material or comment on other’s posting to this Site or otherwise post or upload information to the Site (collectively “User Content”), you agree that such User Content shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of the MLC, and shall otherwise be subject to the provisions below. You represent and warrant that you are authorized to grant all rights in the User Content to the MLC. Disclosure, submission, or offer of any User Content shall constitute a license to the MLC of all worldwide rights, titles, and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in such User Content. The MLC may edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate, and otherwise use in any medium any User Content that you post to the Site or otherwise forward to the MLC; and the MLC will own exclusively all such rights, titles, and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of the User Content. The MLC is not under any obligation to (1) pay you or any other user any compensation for any User Content, whether included on the Site, or in any other materials or media released, distributed, marketed, published and/or sold by the MLC; (2) respond to any of your or any other user’s User Content, or (3) provide attribution to you and/or any other user as to your (or such user’s) User Content. Further you acknowledge that you may not receive attribution for your User Content, while another user may receive attribution for his/her User Content. If we attribute User Content that you have posted to you, we will use the name under which you have provided such User Content for that purpose, and you hereby expressly authorize us to use your name for this purpose.
User Conduct
Derogatory, harmful or unlawful conduct is not permitted on the MLC. Users are not permitted to upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the Site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. Unauthorized commercial messages and/or public announcements are not allowed on the Site. Unauthorized collection and/or use of email addresses via the Site is also not allowed, including, but not limited to, solicitations, spamming or flaming.
Please be aware that generally, information, including without limitation User Content, you post on, upload to or distribute through a message board, chat room, blog or any similar feature will be accessible by other users of the Site. Please be sure that any such information is information that you are comfortable sharing with the public.
You acknowledge that the MLC may or may not pre-screen and/or monitor content posted on the Site, and that the MLC shall have the right to remove, edit, move or close, in whole or in part, any thread or posting in any chat room and/or similar feature on the Site at any time for any reason, in the MLC’s sole discretion.
You hereby agree to comply with all laws that apply or may apply to your use of or activities on the Site and any rules for conduct on the Site or use of specific features and/or Services offered hereon that may be posted on the Site, whether in these terms of use or otherwise, from time to time.
Any conduct by you on our Website that we believe, in our sole discretion, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying our Website will not be permitted. You also agree not to use our Websites to post petitions for any issue or cause or post an advertisement or solicitation of funds, goods or services.
In addition, you may not post a message impersonating another user, nor post any message that contains any personal information such as messages which identify phone numbers, social security numbers, account numbers, addresses or employer references or chain letters of any kind.
Copyright and Trademarks
© 2015 by Meaningful Life Center. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Text, User Content, graphics and HTML code are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. THE MEANINGFUL LIFE CENTER, and all trademarks, service marks, logos, and trade names (collectively the “Marks”), including but not limited to those Marks displayed or used on this Site, whether or not in large print or with the trademark symbol, are registered or common law trade marks of the MLC, or its affiliates, and are protected under federal and international trademark laws. Nothing contained in this Site or this Agreement grants any right to use, misuse, copy, reproduce, download, transmit, modify or distribute any of the Marks without the prior written permission of the MLC, or that of the respective owner. The MLC reserves the right to protect its Marks under the fullest extent of the law if prior written permission is not obtained.
Nothing contained in this Site or this Agreement grants any right to use any of the Marks without our prior written permission or that of the respective owner.
All materials on the Service and the Site, including without limitation the text, audio, video and all User Content, are copyrighted by us and/or by other applicable rights holders under Title 17, U.S.C, as amended, and its international equivalent counterparts, including but not limited to the European Union Copyright Directive, unless otherwise noted. You may download and reprint a single copy of the materials from the Service for your own personal, noncommercial use only, provided you include all applicable notices and disclaimers. Downloaded or reprinted materials shall not be reposted or distributed or otherwise shared with any person or third party. Any other use of the materials is strictly prohibited without our prior written permission and the permission of the applicable rights holder(s). Without limiting the foregoing, the copying, redistribution, reposting, publication, adaptation or alteration of any part of this Site in connection with any enterprise or plan for same is prohibited without prior written permission from us, which may be withheld in our sole discretion. The use of any the materials presented on this Site and through the Service on any other Web site or networked computer environment or for any other purpose is strictly prohibited and such unauthorized use may violate copyright, trademark, and other similar laws.
General Information and Educational Use Only
The MLC offers the Service for general information and educational purposes only. Reliance upon any information provided by or through our Service appearing on the Site or other visitors to the Site is solely at your own risk.
The MLC does not provide medical advice or prescribe the use of any technique as a form of treatment for physical, psychological or medical problems. Before using any information or technique presented on the site for any physical, psychological or medical problem, you should first seek the advice of a medical professional. The sole objective of the MLC is to offer information of a general nature to assist you in your pursuit of emotional and spiritual well-being. In the event you utilize any of the information available on this Site for yourself, the MLC assumes no responsibility for your actions, and you use the same at your own risk.
Membership, Free Trials, Pay-Per-View, Billing and Cancellation
Ongoing Membership.
Your meaningfullife.com membership, which may start with a free trial, will continue month-to-month unless and until you cancel your membership or the MLC terminates it. You must have Internet access and provide a current, valid, accepted method of payment (as such may be updated from time to time, “Payment Method”) to use the Meaningful Life service. The MLC will bill the monthly membership fee to your Payment Method. If you desire to cancel your membership, you must cancel your membership before it renews for the next month in order to avoid billing and payment for the next month’s membership fees by your registered Payment Method.
Differing Memberships.
The MLC may offer a number of membership plans, including special promotional plans or memberships with differing conditions and limitations. Any materially different terms from those described in these Terms of Use will be disclosed at your sign-up or in other communications made available to you. You can find specific details regarding your membership with meaningfullife.com by visiting our website and clicking on the “Your Account” link. Some promotional memberships are offered by third parties in conjunction with the provision of their own products and services. The MLC is not responsible for the products and services provided by such third parties. We reserve the right to modify, terminate or otherwise amend our offered membership plans.
Free Trials.
Your Meaningful Life Center membership may start with a free trial. Free trials may not be combined with any other offers. Free trials are for new and certain former members only. The MLC reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your free trial eligibility.
The MLC will begin billing your Payment Method for its monthly membership fees at the end of the free trial period of your membership unless you cancel prior to the end of the free trial period. To view the specific details of your membership, including monthly membership price and end date of your free trial period, visit our website and click the “View billing details” link on the “Your Account” The MLC may authorize your Payment Method through various methods, including authorizing it up to approximately one month of service as soon as you register. In some instances, your available balance or credit limit may be reduced to reflect the authorization during your free trial period.
You will receive an email notice from the MLC that your free trial period has ended or that the paying portion of your membership has begun. You may cancel your free trial by either (1) logging into your Meaningful Life Center membership account, choosing to “edit” your subscription under “Membership Subscription” and clicking on the “cancel” option; or (2) calling 718 774 6448 to cancel your subscription. The MLC will continue to bill your Payment Method on a monthly basis for your membership fee until you cancel.
Billing.
Recurring Billing. By starting your Meaningful Life Center membership, you authorize the MLC to charge you a monthly membership fee at the then current rate, and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the Meaningful Life Center service to your Payment Method. You acknowledge that the amount billed each month may vary from month to month for reasons that may include differing amounts due to promotional offers and/or changing or adding a plan or service, and you authorize the MLC to charge your Payment Method for such varying amounts, which may be billed monthly in one or more charges.
Price Changes.
The MLC reserves the right to adjust pricing for its service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as it may determine in its sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms of Use, any price changes to your service will take effect following email notice to you.
Billing Cycle.
The membership fee for our Meaningful Life Center service will be billed at the beginning of the paying portion of your membership and each month thereafter unless and until you cancel your membership. The MLC automatically bills your Payment Method each month on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your paying membership. Membership fees are fully earned upon payment. We reserve the right to change the timing of our billing, in particular, as indicated below, if your Payment Method has not successfully settled. In the event your paying membership began on a day not contained in a given month, we may bill your Payment Method on a day in the applicable month or such other day as we deem appropriate. For example, if you started your Meaningful Life Center membership or became a paying member on January 31st, your next payment date is likely to be February 28th, and your Payment Method would be billed on that date. Your renewal date may change due to changes in your Membership. Visit our website and click on the “View billing details” link on the “Your Account” page to see the commencement date for your next renewal period. The MLC may authorize your Payment Method in anticipation of membership or service-related charges. As used in these Terms of Use, “billing” shall indicate a charge, debit or other payment clearance, as applicable, against your Payment Method. Unless otherwise stated differently, month or monthly refers to your billing cycle.
No Refunds.
Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. Following any cancellation, however, you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your current billing period. At any time, and for any reason, the MLC may provide a refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our members (“credits”). The amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are at the MLC’s sole and absolute discretion. The provision of credits in one instance does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances, nor does it obligate the MLC to provide credits in the future, under any circumstance.
Payment Methods.
You may edit your Payment Method information by visiting our website and clicking on the “Your Account” link, available at the top of the pages of the Meaningful Life Center website and “Edit Profile”. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your Payment Method information or cancel your account (see, “Cancellation” below), you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates.
Cancellation.
You may cancel your Meaningful Life Center membership at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Meaningful Life Center service through the end of your monthly billing period. THE MLC DOES NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL-MONTH MEMBERSHIP PERIODS OR UNWATCHED video content. To cancel, go to the “Your Account” page on our website and follow the instructions for cancellation.
Pre-Paid Discounts.
If you subscribed to the Services pursuant to a special offer granting a pre-paid discount for a fixed number of months, your pre-paid fees are payable in advance and are COMPLETELY NON-REFUNDABLE. In addition, your initial monthly service fee for the month immediately following your pre-paid period will be PRE-AUTHORIZED AGAINST YOUR CREDIT CARD OR DEBIT CARD LIMIT and will be immediately charged to your credit or debit card, without further authorization from you, upon the expiration of such pre-paid period, unless you provide prior notice (in accordance with the MLC’s verification procedures, as may be established by the MLC from time to time in its sole discretion) that you have terminated this authorization in accordance with these terms and conditions. Such notice will not affect charges submitted before the MLC reasonably could act on your notice.
Notification of Changed Billing Information.
You must promptly notify the MLC of changes to: (a) the account number, security code or expiration date of your designated credit or debit cards; (b) your billing address for the designated credit or debit card. You must also promptly notify the MLC if your card is canceled for any reason, including loss or theft. In order to avoid service interruptions caused by rejected credit or debit card charges, the MLC reserves the right to update your credit or debit card details (such as expiration dates or new card numbers). You understand and agree that the MLC is entitled to obtain such updated card details, store them and use them to bill charges.
Passwords & Account Access
The member who created the Meaningful Life Center account and whose Payment Method is charged should be the same person and is referred to here as the Account Owner. The Account Owner has access and control over the Meaningful Life Center account. The Account Owner’s control is exercised through use of the Account Owner’s password and therefore to maintain exclusive control, the Account Owner should not reveal the password to anyone. In addition, if the Account Owner wishes to prohibit others from contacting Meaningful Life Center Customer Service and potentially altering the Account Owner’s control, the Account Owner should not reveal the Payment Method details (e.g., last four digits of their credit or debit card, or their email address if they use PayPal) associated with their account. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the information you provide to the MLC relating to your account.
In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the Meaningful Life Center service, the MLC implements technology that enables it to recognize you as the Account Owner and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Meaningful Life Center service, which includes accessing via Meaningful Life Center ready devices or website.
BY SHARING THE MEANINGFUL LIFE SERVICE PASSWORD OR ALLOWING OTHERS TO ACCESS YOUR ACCOUNT, THE ACCOUNT OWNER AGREES TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ASSURING THAT HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF USE AND SUCH ACCOUNT OWNER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS OF THE HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS.
You should be mindful of any communication requesting that you submit credit card or other account information. Providing your information in response to these types of communications can result in identity theft. Always access your sensitive account information by going directly to the MLC website and not through a hyperlink in an email or any other electronic communication, even if it looks official. The MLC reserves the right to place any account on hold anytime with or without notification to the member in order to protect itself and its partners from what it believes to be fraudulent activity. The MLC is not obligated to credit or discount a membership for holds placed on the account by either a representative of the MLC or by the automated processes of the MLC.
No Warranties
THE SERVICE OFFERED ON THE SITE AND ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SERVICE ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE THE PRACTICE OF OR FURNISHING OF ANY ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, CONSULTATION OR TREATMENT OR SERVICES IN ANY JURISDICTION. You should not assume that the Materials on this Site are continuously updated or otherwise contain current information. THE INFORMATION, CONTENT AND PRODUCTS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE ARE DISTRIBUTED, PROVIDED AND/OR SOLD ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY GUARANTEES OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED HEREBY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY ALL APPLICABLE LAWS. THE MLC DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF ANY DESCRIPTION OF ANY OF ITS PRODUCTS REFLECTED HEREIN. WHILE THE MLC HAS ENDEAVORED TO MAKE SURE THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS SITE IS ACCURATE, THE MLC CANNOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF SUCH INFORMATION, AND IT IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE OF ANY KIND.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Limitation of Availability
We do not represent or warrant that this, or any site to which ours is linked, will be accessible or available on a timely basis, or that access to same will be uninterrupted or error free.
Limitation on Liability; Limited Remedies
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR OUR OR OUR AFFILIATES’ OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, INFORMATION PROVIDERS, SUBCONTRACTORS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER USER OF THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR PRODUCTS CONTAINED IN OR OFFERED ON THE SITE, FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR ANY OTHER MONETARY OR OTHER DAMAGES, FEES, FINES, PENALTIES, LOSS OF REVENUE OR BUSINESS OR LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE INFORMATION, CONTENT OR PRODUCTS CONTAINED IN OR OFFERED ON THE SITE, OR OTHER WEB SITES ACCESSED THROUGH THIS SERVICE, AND/OR CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SERVICE IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE.
Intellectual Property
Copyright.
The Meaningful Life Center service, including all content provided on the the MLC’s websites, service and sites, is protected by United States and international copyright, or other intellectual property laws and treaties.
Trademarks.
The Meaningful Life is a registered trademark of Vaad Hanochas Hatamimim Inc. (VHH) also known as the Meaningful Life Center.
Affiliate Websites
The MLC may be affiliated with other web sites. The MLC may provide links to and from these web sites for your convenience. If you decide to access any of these sites from the MLC’s site, you agree that you do so entirely at your own risk. The MLC is not responsible for any information and content on such sites and the MLC makes no representations or warranties with respect to the privacy policies of such sites.
Links From this Site
The MLC is not affiliated or associated with sponsors of sites which hyperlink to or from the MLC or other sites. The linked sites are not under the control of the MLC and the MLC is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. The MLC reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. The MLC may provide links from this Site to other sites as a convenience to you and in no way should this be interpreted as an endorsement of any company, content, or products to which it links. The MLC is not responsible for any information and content on such sites and the MLC makes no representations or warranties with respect to the privacy policies of such sites. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Linking to this Site
The MLC encourages you to create or maintain any link from another Web site to any page on this Site without our prior written permission.. However, the MLC reserves the right to withdraw such permission at any time. In addition, running or displaying this Site or any information or material displayed on this Site in frames or through similar means on another Web site without our prior written permission is prohibited. Any permitted links to this Site must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify The MLC and any of our parent, subsidiary or affiliate companies or organizations, and any of our successors, assigns or licensees, together with any of their respective officers, directors and employees, against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of a claim by a third party relating to your use of the Service, or any breach or violation of this Agreement or any other term or condition contained on the Service.
General
The MLC’s headquarters are located in Brooklyn, New York. The MLC makes no claims that the Service is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Service may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Service from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of New York, without respect to its conflict of laws or choice of laws principles.
You expressly and irrevocably agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with the MLC, or in any way relating to your use of the Service resides in the state and federal courts located in Brooklyn, NY and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in such courts in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving the MLC, or the MLC’s affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
Severability; Waiver
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having jurisdiction, then the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
Violations
If you violate any terms of this Agreement, your permission to use the Service and the Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Materials contained herein. In addition, The MLC, in its sole discretion, may suspend your account or prohibit your access to the Site.
You hereby acknowledge that any violation of any of our policies may result in termination of your access to our Website, deactivation or deletion of your account and all related information and files in your account, and preclusion of any further access to such files or our Websites, without prior notice.
Privacy
The personal information you submit to us is governed by our Privacy Policy. To the extent there is an inconsistency between this Agreement and our Privacy Policy, this Agreement shall govern.
Survival
The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever: Binding Agreement, Copyright and Trademarks, No Warranty, Limitation on Liability; Limited Remedies, Indemnity, Governing Law; Jurisdiction, Privacy and Complete Agreement.
Infringement Policy.
The MLC, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512 as amended by Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “Act”), reserves the right, but not the obligation, to terminate your right and license to use the Site if it determines in its sole and absolute discretion that you are involved in infringing activity, including alleged acts of first-time or repeat infringement, regardless of whether the material or activity is ultimately determined to be infringing. The MLC accommodates and does not interfere with standard technical measures used by copyright owners to protect their materials. In addition, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c), the MLC has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed infringements and for processing such claims in accordance with the Act. All claims of infringement must be submitted to the MLC in a written complaint that complies with the requirements below and is delivered to our designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement:
By mail:
Meaningful Life Center MLC International, Inc.
Web Department
788 Eastern Parkway, Suite 303
Brooklyn, NY 11213
By e-mail: wisdomreb@meaningfullife.com
In addition, any written notice regarding any defamatory or infringing activity, whether of a copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary right must include the following information:
i. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of (1) the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed or (2) the person defamed.
ii. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site. Similarly, for materials that are defamatory or infringe patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights of a third party, please submit a list of such materials.
iii. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, to be the subject of infringing activity, or that is claimed to be defamatory and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
iv. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and/or electronic mail address.
v. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright or other proprietary right owner, its agent, or the law.
vi. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed or on behalf of the person defamed.
Complete Agreement
Except as expressly provided in a particular legal notice on the Service, these Terms and Conditions, together with our Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and the MLC with respect to use of the Service.
Please also read our Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about these terms of use or the practices of this site and/or your Account, please contact wisdomreb@meaningfullife.com.
Last Updated: October 20, 2015.
Our Mission
Rabbi Simon Jacobson
The Book: Toward a Meaningful Life
MLC in the News
Our Team
Contact Us
The Meaningful Life Center
LIFE SKILLS
PROGRAMS
SIMON JACOBSON
SHOP
DONATE