http://www.uwpc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Search
ABOUT USOur MissionResults You Can SeeUnited Way in the NewsOur LeadershipBoard of DirectorsHistoryFinancial InformationCareersOUR WORKFrom Poverty to Possibilities - Links from 2020From Poverty to PossibilitiesResearch & ResourcesAdvocacyChildcarePoverty DataPolicy AgendaFrom Poverty To Possibilities Links - November 10th, 2020Strong FamiliesStable Individuals:
South Sound 2-1-1Community PartnershipsPitch To Ditch PovertyStories of HopeCommunity PartnersDo you know the face of poverty? Meet ALICEBecome a Gifts-in-Kind RecipientGET INVOLVEDUnited Way Workplace CampaignsPremier PartnersCampaign AwardsCampaign Coordinator-ToolsWays to GiveA Lasting LegacyMake an In-Kind GiftSponsorship OpportunitiesSponsor a Campaign ExecutiveSponsor an EventVolunteerCorporate Partner Volunteer ActivitesJoin a United Way GroupLive United AwardBe the ChangeWhy United WaySouth Sound 211Get Help NowHelping you Get To Where You Need To GoSpecialized NavigatorsResults You Can See Learn MoreFAQ'sBasic Needs & Supportive Services
Main menu
ABOUT US
Our Mission
Results You Can See
United Way in the News
Our Leadership
Board of Directors
History
Financial Information
Careers
OUR WORK
From Poverty to Possibilities - Links from 2020
From Poverty to Possibilities
Strong Families
Stable Individuals:
South Sound 2-1-1
Community Partnerships
Pitch To Ditch Poverty
Stories of Hope
Community Partners
Do you know the face of poverty? Meet ALICE
Become a Gifts-in-Kind Recipient
GET INVOLVED
United Way Workplace Campaigns
Premier Partners
Campaign Awards
Campaign Coordinator-Tools
Ways to Give
A Lasting Legacy
Make an In-Kind Gift
Sponsorship Opportunities
Sponsor a Campaign Executive
Sponsor an Event
Volunteer
Corporate Partner Volunteer Activites
Join a United Way Group
Live United Award
Be the Change
Why United Way
South Sound 211
Get Help Now
Helping you Get To Where You Need To Go
Specialized Navigators
Results You Can See
Learn More
FAQ's
Basic Needs & Supportive Services
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective 5/1/2018
Your privacy is very important to us. The following information concerning the gathering and use of data is being provided to enable you to make knowledgeable choices about whether to provide information to us and to give you the opportunity to limit the manner in which data is used.
A FIRM COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
This privacy policy (“Policy”) governs how United Way of Pierce County (“United Way”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses all information it collects; both online and offline, on any platform or through any medium; for donors, volunteers, and other constituents as well as visitors (“Visitor”) to our website, www.uwpc.org (“Site”).
This Policy may be changed or updated by United Way at any time, in United Way’s sole and absolute discretion, as indicated by the “effective date” first listed above.  Refer to this Policy on a regular basis, as it is United Way’s policy to post any changes made to this Policy on this page and all changes shall be effective immediately upon posting of such revised Policy. By using our Site, Visitor agrees to the terms of this Policy then in effect and the continued use of the Site after any changes are made to the Policy is deemed acceptance of the changes, and each Visitor is required to check the Policy periodically for updates.
INFORMATION UNITED WAY COLLECTS
“Personally Identifiable Information” (“PII”) is information that tells us who you are, such as name, physical address, and e-mail address, and any other information the Site collects that is defined as personal or personally identifiable under an applicable law. United Way will collect PII from Visitors on the Site only if they voluntarily submit such information. Visitors can refuse to supply PII, but it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities and limit their ability to use the Site.
“Usage Information” is information automatically collected by a web server (which may be hosted by a third party) that a Visitor's browser makes available when visiting the Site, such as a computer’s IP (Internet Protocol) address or browser type.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
No one under the age of 13 may provide any PII on the Site, and United Way does not intentionally collect PII from children who are under the age of thirteen on our Site. If United Way learns that PII has been collected or received from a child under the age of 13 on our Site, it will delete that child’s personal information from its files and the Site, in accordance with the federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.  If any Visitor is under the age of 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site, make any donations through the Site, or provide any information to United Way, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
United Way may from time to time have children under age 13 involved in a volunteer activity in the community, and collect information, including PII, to facilitate communication and coordination. If the child is under the age of 13 this data is collected from the parent/guardian of the child or from the child with the consent of the parent/guardian.  If the child is age 13 or older, such data may be collected from the child’s parent/guardian or directly from the child without any consent from the parent/guardian.  This data is maintained in United Way’s database, regardless of age, and are subject to the data security and sharing protocols outlined in this policy.
Any and all PII collected from any source to facilitate analysis to determine the efficacy of community impact programs and initiatives is subject to rigorous data transfer, security and access standards and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
UNITED WAY’S COMMITMENT TO OUR DONORS
United Way will not sell, share or trade our donors' names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations other than as outlined elsewhere in this Policy or as a routine part of a donor’s other engagement with United Way (such as the Board of Directors listing on our Site). United Way will generate routine social media activity regarding United Way and our many community partners.
This policy applies to all information received by United Way; both online and offline, on any platform or through any medium.
HOW UNITED WAY PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION
United Way uses industry-leading Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of the information it collects and maintains, both online and offline. All information is stored in a secure database. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although United Way does our best to protect your PII, the security of your personal or sensitive information transmitted to us is not guaranteed. Any transmission of PII or sensitive information is at your own risk. United Way will not be responsible for disclosure of information due to errors in transmission or circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures United Way put in place for your protection.
Security of Credit Card Information
United Way uses a variety of safeguards to protect the security of credit card transactions, including encryption, access controls, network firewalls, physical security and other measures.
HOW UNITED WAY USES YOUR INFORMATION
United Way collects, uses and discloses information for the purpose for which it is provided and for the other purposes described in this Policy.  United Way is the sole owners of the information it collects. United Way will not sell or rent this information to anyone without your permission.
United Way may utilize your PII to contact you regarding United Way, its programs and its agencies; for marketing and promotional purposes; to seek your feedback; to offer you opportunities to give, advocate and volunteer; and to share other pertinent information.
United Way may use your Usage Information to help us run and maintain our Site; study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the Site; personalize Visitor experience; improve our Site; and target advertisements on our Site to Visitors. United Way may disclose Usage Information to third parties, including, but not limited to, our advertisers.
United Way may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even those we do not disclose your PII for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Surveys and contests
From time-to-time United Way requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information.
Sharing your information
United Way may use trusted third-party service providers to help operate its business and the Site and to administer activities on its behalf; and may share PII and Usage Information with these third parties solely for such purposes. For example, information may be shared with individuals and/or third-party service providers who send out emails, newsletters, surveys and other mailings, and who provide fundraising, billing and/or payment processing services. Your PII may also be disclosed to any subsidiaries and/or affiliates of United Way.
REPORTING OF INFORMATION FOR INVESTIGATION OF POSSIBLE ILLEGAL OR HARMFUL ACTIVITIES
United Way may use and disclose PII and Usage Information when there is reason to believe that using and/or disclosing this information is necessary to investigate, identify, contact, or take action against someone who may have engaged in illegal activities or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Visitors of our Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. United Way may also disclose PII when there is reason to believe that the law requires it or if United Way otherwise believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of United Way, our customers or others.
COOKIES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
United Way may use other technologies (such as cookies, explained below) to enhance Visitor experience and obtain information about a Visitor’s activities on our Site, such as pages and content viewed, the time and duration of visits and whether a Visitor clicked on a link.
Cookies used on the Site are “session” cookies, and are used to identify a particular visit to the Site. Session cookies expire after a short time or when a Visitor closes a web browser. Due to Internet communications standards, when Visitors visit the Site, it automatically receives the URL of the web site from which the Visitor came and the web site the Visitor visits when leaving.
Visitors may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to receive an alert when cookies are being sent. Doing so may result in some parts of the Site not functioning properly. Additionally, some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, United Way has no access to or control over these cookies.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
United Way tracks Visitor traffic patterns with Google Analytics. Learn more about Google Analytics. United Way may use this information to administer its Site and analyze overall trends, such as the numbers and frequency of Visitors and how much Visitors use parts of the Site, so that United Way can make improvements. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual Visitors.
LINKS
The Site contains links to other websites. United Way is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites and encourages Visitors to review the privacy policies of the other websites before providing them with any personally identifiable data.
VISITOR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
If you have questions about this Policy or wish to review, update, correct or delete your information or opt out of receiving future communications, you may contact United Way at 253 272-4263.
©   United Way of Pierce County. All Rights Reserved.
Website by: OneEach Technologies