https://www.petesipple.co.uk/privacyandterms.html
Pete Sipple Homepage
Skype: petesipple Home
About Me
Blog
Radio
M0PSX
Psion
Websites
Family Tree
Contact Me
Main menu
Home
About Me
Blog
Radio
M0PSX
Psion
Websites
Family Tree
Contact Me
Site Privacy & Terms
By using or contributing to this website, you agree to be bound by the usage terms outlined on this page. I reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time as may be necessary, and to comply with whatever new privacy law gets announced.
Disclaimer
Content appearing on this site is published in good faith based on personal experiences of the site owner and contributors, information obtained from approved online sources, and on information received by visitors to the site. It is not my intention to mislead, offend or upset, and I aim to act quickly to remove misleading, inaccurate or offensive content. Please contact the site administrator if you spot an error, or have an objection to content placed on this site.
Under no circumstances shall the site owner or contributors be held liable for any loss or damage caused by reliance on information published on this website.
The site owner/administrator are not responsible for content on sites linked to from this site.
Copyright
Material originated by Pete Sipple or this site’s contributors is the copyright of the owners of the petesipple.co.uk domain, unless acknowledged otherwise. Copyright © Pete Sipple. All rights reserved.
No part of this website may be copied, mirrored, republished, distributed, or reproduced in any form whatsoever without prior written permission from the site owners.
I acknowledge that in order for me to provide reviews of products or services, on rare occasions content from organisations with which I am affiliated may have used on this site – it is not my intention to infringe any copyright or trademarks. Logos may be trademarks of other organisations and are acknowledged. In the event that any organisation or individual feels that material used on this site has been used incorrectly or inappropriately on this site, please contact the site’s webmaster via the homepage, and prompt action will be taken.
Products, Services & Offers
This website provides information on products and services from a selection of companies. Price, specification and offers relating to products and services are subject to change / withdrawal by these companies at any time, and any purchases made are subject to the terms and conditions of the organisation in question. You should always check the official website of the retailer / service provider for full information on price, specification, terms and offers prior to purchase of a product or service.
Visitor Messages
Visitors to this site are able to post messages via dedicated ‘comments’ sections on some pages, or in the site forum. Visitors who post messages must not post any material which is false, defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person’s privacy, or otherwise in violation of ANY law. Legal actions can be taken against posters. Visitors must not post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by them or they have written consent from the owner of the copyrighted material.
Posters remain solely responsible for the content of their messages. The site owner reserves the right to reveal the identity and IP addresses of any poster in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any content posted.
It is impossible for me to confirm the validity of content submitted by visitors to this site. I do not actively monitor posted messages and are not responsible for their content. I do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information presented. The messages express the views of the author, not necessarily the views of the site owner/administrators.
Anyone who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to notify the webmaster immediately. I have the right to remove objectionable content within a reasonable time frame, where I deem that removal is necessary. This is a manual process, however, so please realise that I may not be able to remove or edit particular messages immediately.
I reserve the right to quote and/or re-publish posts made in the forum or the blog.
Site Advertising
There are costs incurred in hosting an internet website and providing a service to mr visitors. This site makes use of on-site advertising to generate revenue to cover mr costs. This means that in some cases, a small percentage of any sales generated by our visitors is apportioned to the site owner to support ongoing site costs. Adverts on this website may take the form of banner adverts, adverts served from a ‘network’ (such as Google Adsense), text-based affiliate links, or contextual affiliate links. If you want more information about how advertisers make use of cookies, and your online choices, go to www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
Privacy Policy (Data Protection & GDPR)
I respect your privacy, and I won’t give or sell any information that you may provide me with to third parties. By using this website, you agree to accept this site’s Privacy Policy.
I have made best endeavors to be compliant with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which came into force on 25 May 2018.
Be aware that this Privacy Policy may be subject to change. Changes to our Privacy Policy will appear on this web page.
1. Information gathered from visitors
This website does not request or store data deemed to be most sensitive, such as postal addresses and telephone numbers. Additionally, we do not hold financial, payment or medical data. Here is a summary of the data that we collect:
Visitors adding comments to site pages or posts will be required to submit their name and email address. These details, together with the IP address will be stored on this site’s web server
Visitors that wish to interact with my family tree forum will be required to register. Registering results in the visitor’s name, email address, username, encrypted password, date-of-birth and IP address being stored on this site’s web server. Additional information can be entered optionally by the user in the form of a user profile.
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies are used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
The website and associated data is hosted securely on a dedicated server hosted by UK Fast in the UK. The site administrator holds a secure backup for the purposes of disaster recovery.
2. How the Information is used
Data collected /retained on the website is used in the following ways:
Where a visitor posts a page, forum or post comment, the visitor can decide to receive copies of the post and follow-on comments via the supplied email address. Emails include the option to unsubscribe.
Server logs and site cookies are used for the purposes of monitoring and improving the performance of our website and service. Cookies enhance the visitor’s experience when using, and some of these cookies are essential to make our site work. We make use of the third-party Google Analytics for site performance and web statistics.
Personal data (such as email addresses) will not be sold, rented or leased to third parties. If requested, I may be required to submit your information to local or government authorities.
3. Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in the email that you receive. Members can also change their data from the Member Profile page
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings, however this may prevent you from accessing certain features of the website which rely on cookies.
If you wish any personal data that you have submitted to be removed, GDPR legislation allows this, and you should contact the Site Administrator via the “Get in touch” form found on the home page of this website. Ensure that your message is clearly marked “GDPR Removal Request”.
Website Cookies
A ‘cookie’ is a small text file that is created by a website or web service. As you surf the web, these cookies are stored in directories on your browser. These are typically used to help you navigate around a website, remember login details for a forum, to help provide statistics to a website owner, or for advertising purposes.
Additionally, some advertisement placements on this website make use of third-party cookies from one or more advertising networks. These cookies use anonymous data to improve the advertising experience for visitors, for tracking purposes, and to attribute advertising impressions to this website.
This site makes use of cookies, and this page outlines this site’s policy, and what cookies are used. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your web browser, however you should be aware that due to their core role of enabling usability, disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain websites. You can find out more about cookies and how to control and delete them here: www.aboutcookies.org
Cookies Used On This Site:
This site uses a couple of website monitoring tools – the same tools as many of the world’s websites use. Here is a short summary of what is used:
Google Analytics
I use Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of this site and to compile statistical reports on website activity. Neither I nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. I will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. You can find out more information on Google Analytics, and data collected by Google here: Google Analytics Privacy
WordPress
This site makes use of the Content Management System WordPress, which collects statistics on visitors. The cookies collect the following anonymous information: browser type, language preferences, referring URL, time/date and pseudonymous IP address. More information here: automattic.com/privacy
Forum
The software used for this site’s forum is called YaBB, and this makes use of three cookies. When you create an account and log on to this site’s forum, three cookies are created, one for username, one for password and one for your “session”. This. You can find more information on YaBB here: http://www.yabbforum.com/about.php
Google Advertising
This site displays advertising using the Google advertising network. Third-party vendors including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a visitor’s prior visits to websites that use the network. Website visitors may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
If you have any concerns or questions about this site’s use of cookies, please contact me via the link on this site’s homepage
Should you have any queries regarding this website’s Usage Policy, Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy, please contact me.
Follow Me
Recent Posts
My Take on Ham Radio Training
Preparing for my WordPress course
Pete vs Royal Mail – Final Score
Carry Your Towel With Pride
Internet Filters and Dead Squirrels
Pete Sipple Copyright © 1999-2020. Site Privacy & Terms
By accessing this website, you agree to the Site Terms & Privacy Policy (GDPR). If you continue to use this site, I'll assume you're OK with this. This site uses cookies, some of which are needed to make the site work and others help to improve it by letting me know how the site is used.OkMore Info