http://www.yalelawjournal.org/privacy-statement
PRINT ARCHIVE
FORUM
SUBMISSIONS
MASTHEAD
ABOUT
CONTACT
CONTACT YLJ
ALUMNI
SUBSCRIPTIONS
Privacy Statement
The Yale Law Journal Company, Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting the information that we collect from users. We take reasonable steps to protect the information you provide us from theft, alteration or unauthorized inspection, and we will only use it in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We may contract with third parties to manage and optimize our site. Among other functions provided, they may use cookies to store pertinent user information during a session. A cookie is a unique bit of computer code that is placed on your computer the first time you visit our site. It tells us when a computer that has previously visited our site returns, and it identifies your computers browser and operating system to help us make the best connection. If you would prefer not to receive any cookies, most browsers can be set to refuse cookies or to alert you when one is being sent. It is possible, however, that some portions of this site may not function properly if the cookies are disabled.
In addition, if you log in to submit material to us, you must register and submit certain personal information. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. We may use this information for the limited purpose of informing you about upcoming services, events, publications and the like. We may also share this information about you with selected third parties, whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. We will not share this information about you with third parties if you request we not do so, by writing to us at:
The Yale Law Journal Company, Inc.P.O. Box 208215New Haven, CT 06520-8215
Please note that the third party handling our registration process has its own privacy policy, and we urge you to familiarize yourself with it. Likewise,the websitelinks to other sites that are not under our control. Such other sites do not necessarily follow our Privacy Policy. In addition, in rare instances, we reserve the right to disclose private information to necessary parties in response to legal process and/or to protect our site or other visitors, or to enforce compliance with theTerms of Use.
The Yale Law Journal Company, Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy without notice to users of or visitors to our site.
NEWS
05 Nov 2020
Announcing Insular Cases Panel in Honor of Judge Juan Torruella
24 Oct 2020
Yale Law Journal Announces Winners of Journalism, Communication & Media Law Student Essay Competition
01 Sep 2020
Fourth Yale Law Journal Forum Student Essay Competition - Submissions Extended to September 15, 2020
OLDER NEWS >