https://www.firstfoodbank.org/privacy/
St. Mary’s Food Bank Privacy Policy
We value your support and we are committed to protecting your privacy. At St. Mary’s Food Bank, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that information provided to us is handled in a secure manner.
Website Visits
When you visit our website, basic information is collected, including total number of visitors, pages viewed and other non-identifying information. This aggregate information is used to improve our site and make the visitor experience on our website as useful as possible.
Online Donations
Donations made online are processed through a secure network connection. Our encryption technology offers the highest level of security available, with state-of-the-art firewalls and other security technology. When making an online donation, you are asked to provide your name, address, daytime phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. This information is used to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data. Your mailing address is used to send you a financial receipt. Your phone number is used to verify your information if necessary.
We utilize HTTP cookies to store your information in your web browser. An HTTP cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in the user’s web browser while the user is browsing it. Every time the user loads the website, the browser sends the cookie back to the server to notify the user’s previous activity. If you would rather not accept cookies, you may mail your donations to St. Mary’s Food Bank Alliance, 2831 N. 31st Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85009 or call (602) 242-FOOD.
Offline Donations
Personal information such as your address, telephone number, and full name are necessary for recordkeeping. This information is used to send you St. Mary’s Food Bank Alliance communications such as acknowledgement letters, newsletters, invitations, etc. Donor information is stored on a server at a secure hosting company. Credit card information stored for automatic donations is encrypted. We use a third-party financial institution to process credit card transactions. Your information is used only to verify credit card numbers and to process the credit card transaction in a secure environment. After one-time credit card donations are processed, any paper records containing that information are blacked out or shredded.
All donations (Online and Offline)
We do not knowingly collect any personal information of a child without consent from the child’s parent(s).
We do not share your personal information. It is our policy not to sell, trade, or rent your personal information.
Indicate your request at the time of your donation to remain anonymous. Your name will be excluded from any St. Mary’s Food Bank publication or on-site donor boards.
Please call (602) 242-FOOD with any questions or concerns.
About St. Mary’s Food Bank St. Mary’s Food Bank exists to help feed hungry families throughout Phoenix and nine Arizona counties. We are a 501(c)(3) non-profit entity. All gifts are tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.
Our Mission
Financial Info
Contact
Join Our Community Meet compassionate people like yourself.
© 2020 St. Mary's Food Bank
2831 N. 31st Avenue Phoenix, AZ 85009
(602) 242-FOOD (3663)
Contact
Events
Careers
Agency Resources
Privacy Policy
Tax ID 23-7353532
Home
Need Food?
Volunteer
Agencies
News
Careers
Contact