http://www.iagsdc.org/content/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Main menu
Home
AboutClubs
Donations
IAGSDC Officers
iAGSDC History
IAGSDC History WikiWiki Home
Callers
Convention Guide
Honky Tonk Queen
Golden Boot Award
Medallion Project
Memorial Panel
Convention2021 Convention - Houston
2022 Convention
Convention History
Medallion Recipients
Hosting a Convention
Golden Boot Award
Honky Tonk Queen
News
EventsList Events (Register Here)
Event Calendar
Virtual Dance Calendar
ResourcesBecoming a Member Club
Bylaws
Callers
Executive Board Meeting Minutes
General Meeting Minutes
Licensing and Insurance
Newsletter Archive
Start a Club
Where's The Dance
Taminations
Other Resources
Contact
Admin
MembersMember Login
Create Account
Recover Existing Account
Privacy Policy
Last revised 19 July, 2018
The IAGSDC is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit many pages on our website without giving us any information about yourself, but sometimes we do need information to prevent misuse and to provide services that you request. This privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement applies to all web pages and applications offered directly by the IAGSDC, including the Bradley Bell website. It DOES NOT apply to club sites hosted by IAGSDC.COM. You should check those sites individually for their privacy statements.
Please read the complete IAGSDC.ORG privacy statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are creating or updating your personal profile, and when signing up for an event.
For example: If you choose to register for an IAGSDC convention or other event, we will ask you for your profile information, and we may ask for additional event-specific details such as meal selection, optional tours, and other items relevant to the event. Clubs and event organizers using the IAGSDC website to collect registration information for their fly-ins and other events MUST follow the terms of this privacy statement.
IAGSDC.ORG also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring Web site addresses. IAGSDC also collects information about which pages you visit within IAGSDC.ORG. This site visitation data may identify you by your profile ID. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of IAGSDC.ORG
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.
To deliver services and information that you request or purchase.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.
To investigate and pursue claims of abuse of our service or against our members.
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivery, answering questions about IAGSDC events, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
IAGSDC may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on IAGSDC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of IAGSDC and its family of Web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of IAGSDC employees, users of IAGSDC products or services, or members of the public.
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which IAGSDC or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. IAGSDC abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, IAGSDC will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
IAGSDC.ORG will not provide your personal information to any other company or enterprise, except as identified above.
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You can at any time delete your personal profile. However, if you have registered for any current or future event, we retain the right to keep your personal details on file to allow the proper conduct of that event, after which your details will be removed from our server.
Security of your Personal Information
IAGSDC is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. We also encrypt your password so that this information cannot be used by any unauthorised person.
Protection of Children's Personal Information
IAGSDC.ORG is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Use of Cookies
When you visit the site, a cookie is placed on your machine (if your computer will accept cookies) or is read if you have visited the site previously. Cookies are required in order to provide you access to your profile and protected areas of the site. If you refuse the cookies, you will be unable to log in to iagsdc.org, you will be unable to access restricted areas of the site, and you will be unable to use the site to register for any event.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact IAGSDC by e-mail. See the CONTACT tab in the menu bar for more information.
Changes to this Statement
IAGSDC.ORG will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, IAGSDC.ORG will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Contact Information
IAGSDC welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mail, or postal mail using the links above under the CONTACT tab.