https://www.peacebuildingportal.org/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to main contentPRIVACY POLICY
1. Type of Information Collected
When you visit the Website, we may collect certain non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol (‘IP’) address, operating system, browser type, and Internet service provider. This type of information does not identify you personally. When you register with the Website or respond to advertisements or posts on the Website or post contents on the Website without registering, we may also collect personal information that you provide such as your name, mailing address, email address, contact number, your location and depending on the service used the financial information. We collect and store your contact details, gender, age, and/or company name if you choose to register with Peacebuilding Portal. If you provide your phone number, it will be displayed in your posting. Further, if you have provided your phone number and posted an advertisement using your account, you agree to receive communications on the provided phone number from our side which may include but not be limited to automated calls or text messages. The communication may require you to confirm and verify that your account has been used to post the relevant advertisement on the Website. In addition to the above, we also collect computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from Peacebuilding Portal and Ad data (all through cookies) which you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site. We may also collect additional information that our users provide, such as new or deleted postings, new or deleted comments, keyword searches, scam reports and new contact sellers in addition to other information, including users IP address and standard web log information. We may use a third-party credit card processing company or other third party companies to monitor site traffic, which may, in some instances, store your information. By using this Website or the Service, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide for any of the Services that we offer, and your consent to our collection of any changes or updates that you may provide to any information you provide is collected.
2. Cookies
We may use cookies to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection. Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not. ‘Cookies’ are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer. The types of information a cookie collects include the date and time you visited, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username. In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the Website. We cannot control or access cookies used by third- party service providers. This Privacy Policy covers only Cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties. You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer, whether you are registered with us or not. Typically, you can configure your browser not to accept cookies. However, declining the use of cookies may limit your access to certain features of the Website.
3.Third Parties
We may use third-party service providers to process purchases you may make and to monitor our users’ interests. In addition, the Website may occasionally contain links to Third-Party Sites. If you click on the links to Third-Party Websites, you leave the Website. We are not responsible for the content of these Third-Party Websites or for the security of your personal information when you use the Third Party Websites. These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. They may collect information such as your IP address, browser specification, or operating system. This Privacy Policy does not govern personal information provided to, stored on, or used by these third-party providers and Third-Party Sites. We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. These companies may use information about your visits to the Website and Third-Party Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. On the Website, Google, as a third-party vendor, uses Cookies to serve ads. By publishing an ad on the Website, you acknowledge and agree that the Content is public and accessible by any third party and that they may appear in search engine results (such as Google, Yahoo and other search engines) and in the cache of those search engines, in feeds and Third-Party Websites pursuant to co-branding agreements, and that it is the sole responsibility of each of those search engines, Third-Party Websites or RSS web feed resources to update and/or to remove Content from their indexes and their cache. You agree and acknowledge that Peacebuilding Portal is not be liable for the information published in search results or by any Third-Party Website that carries Peacebuilding Portal postings.
4. How Your Information is Used
We may use information provided by you to: (i) enforce our Terms of Use, monitor user activity, such as keyword searches or new postings, and more effectively manage traffic on the Website; (ii) provide customer services, create and manage user accounts; and (iii) assist you with technical difficulties (iv) resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems (v) encourage safe trading (vi) customize users’ experience, measure interest in our services, and inform users about services and updates (vii) communicate marketing and promotional offers (viii) Do other things for users as described when we collect the information (ix) for such other purpose as Peacebuilding Portal may deem fit and necessary in the interest of the users and website; . Also, we may share with third-party service providers certain information, such as your browser capabilities or operating system, that we have collected in order to better understand which advertisements and services may interest you. We may block users located in certain countries from using the Website. We may retain such information for as long as is required to fulfil our business objective, even after your account is terminated.
5. Protecting Your Personal Information
You are a valued customer, and we recognize that protecting your privacy is important to you. For this reason, we are committed to protecting the personal information you provide in a variety of ways. We do not directly process any payments and do not store your credit card information. Your Registration Information may be protected by a unique customer password and user ID. You should not disclose your password information to anyone and you should always remember to log off if using a shared computer. Lastly, you may utilize the Website as an anonymous user by not registering. We have taken certain security protections in safeguarding your personal information. However, as with most electronic transactions, no method is 100% safe. While we strive to use a commercially acceptable means to protect the personal information you provide, we cannot guarantee its security. Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that we assume no liability regarding the theft, loss, alteration or misuse of personal or other information or Content, including, without limitation, such information that has been provided to third parties or other users, or with regards to the failure of a third party to abide by the agreement between us and such third party. You may participate in our Forum or utilize our Comments feature. For postings to the Forum, your username will be posted. For postings using the Comments feature, your name and email will only be posted if you provide it in the comment. We strongly discourage posting any information on these features or in any Content posted by you that you do not want others to see. You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password, and all uses of your account, whether or not you have authorized for such use.
6. Accessing and Modifying Personal Information and Communication Preferences
You may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to personal information that you have provided to us. We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes of the Website and retain personal information as permitted by law to prevent and resolve disputes, enforce our policies. If you register or respond to advertisements or posts on the Website or post any content on the Website, we may send you certain notifications, advertisements, promotions, surveys and specials. We may also send you any legally required notifications and certain notifications, including but not limited to, service related notices or notices regarding a change to any of our policies etc. In order to opt-out of receiving these notices, you may need to deactivate your account. You can opt out of certain e-mail communications from us, including our newsletters, notifications that a user has commented on your posting, and notifications that you can refresh your posting. We will not change your preferences without your consent. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional communications from Peacebuilding Portal related to your account.
7. Disclosures
On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, service of process requirements, or disclosure requests. We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce these Terms and/or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Peacebuilding Portal, our users or the general public. You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after the disclosures. We may share the personal information with our affiliates who help detect or prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services (Our affiliates will market only to users who ask them to),
Service providers who help with our business operations and third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to the website.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on their visit to websites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings. If we or our affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition, we may share personal information with another person, but this policy will continue to apply. If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, we will notify you of the transaction. The acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent. If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information without your consent and we may send you a notice regarding this sale.
8. Using Information from Peacebuilding Portal
You may use personal information gathered from Peacebuilding Portal only to follow up with another user about a specific posting, not to send spam/ phising or collect personal information from someone who hasn’t agreed to that.
9. Data Security
We may use a number of mechanisms (encryption, passwords, and physical security) to protect the security and integrity of your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. So while we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
10. Confidentiality of Information
Users who use any of the features on Peacebuilding Portal agree and accept that they have been fully informed by Peacebuilding Portal that the use of features may lead to publication, to all users of Peacebuilding Portal, of any personal information posted by them while using any specific feature on Peacebuilding Portal. Users further agree that the authenticity of, and consequences from the posting by users of any personal information of themselves or any other person, are the sole responsibility of the user. Users further agree and accept that the terms of the Privacy Policy will be applicable to the use of all features, existing and new. The Users agree and accept that confidentiality of information posted on such features has been waived by the Users.
11. Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We may send you a notice regarding material changes to these Terms, including the Privacy Policy or the Website. You should make note of the ‘last updated date’ at the beginning of the Terms. With this information, you should be able to identify if the Terms have been updated recently.
12. Disputes
Any disputes regarding your privacy are subject to the Terms and conditions of Peacebuilding Portal, including but not limited to any provisions related to indemnification and limitations on damages.