http://www.brnonline.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Baptist Resource Network
skip to Main Content
TwitterFacebookPinterestInstagramVimeoEmail
MenuCOVID-19AboutMeet the Baptist Resource NetworkDownloadable “BRN Family” GuideMeet Southern BaptistsHow to AffiliateHow to Become a ChristianChurch SearchTeamCalendarMinistry AreasAreas of ServiceJob ListingPost a JobHousingVolunteer HouseWarren HouseNewsOnline News— By Category— By Region— By BehaviorSubmit Your NewsSubscribe to Weekly NewsletterWeekly Newsletter ArchiveGiveGive OnlineGiving OptionsState Missions OfferingSearch
Privacy Policy:
This policy describes how the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey (dba Baptist Resource Network) collects and uses information from Users and Visitors to the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey’s website (the “Website”).
By using the Website, you consent to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of information as described in this policy.
Collection
The information the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey may collect and store includes the following:
• E-mail address, contact information, and other information provided as part of registration as a User;• Registration Information and other content and information uploaded and posted to our Website;• Articles, content, discussion threads, comments, and other postings; and• Other information from your interaction with the Website, including computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Website, ad data, internet protocol (IP) address, and standard web log information; and
We use reasonable efforts to accurately store and record your data accurately when it is submitted to us through our Website. We do not assume any responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of identifying information after it has been submitted to us.
Use of Your Information
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience for users of the Website. We use such information to:
• Operate the Website;• Provide services requested by you or your organization;• Prevent or respond to prohibited or illegal activities;• Enforce our User Agreement, Terms of Use, and other policies;• Measure, and improve our performance of our Website; and• Communications
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not disclose identifying information to any third parties, except under the following circumstances:1. Your information may be available to third parties providing computer system administration services, maintenance or other services to our Website, networks, servers, communications or databases. However, under no circumstances do we permit such third parties to use that information for other purposes.2. We may provide your information to governmental agencies or other third parties as required by law and regulations, including responding to subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes.3. Your information may be provided to third-party service providers to assist us with our operations and to provide services to you.
Accessing, Reviewing, and Changing Your Information
If you are a registered User, you can see, review, and change most of your Registration Information by signing in to your account. Generally, we will not manually modify your information, because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your registration information if it changes or is inaccurate.
Once you upload or post any content (or participate in a discussion), you may not be able to change or remove it. Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law.
We retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our agreements, policies, and guidelines, and take other actions permitted by law.
Security
The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey will use reasonable security tools (e.g., encryption, passcodes, physical security) to protect information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from the Website. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Third Parties
This policy addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect or receive from you through the Website. If you disclose your information to third parties, including to other Users or visitors, through our Website or other means, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey does not control the use of your information by third parties (except where they act on our behalf), and you are subject to the privacy policies of third parties where applicable.
Cookies
We use “cookies” (small files placed on your computer) on certain webpages to help analyze and enhance use of the Website. We also use cookies to identify you and maintain your logged-in status.
We may offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies. You can decline cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of the features on our Website. You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the website that we do not control. Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your computer at the end of a session.
Children
Our Website is directed to churches, businesses, government agencies and adult individuals who may be interested in our services and content. The Website is not intended nor designed to collect personal information from children under 14 years of age or as otherwise provided under the Children’s Online Privacy Act. Children under 14 years old should not provide personal information to us. We will immediately remove any such personal information from children as soon as we are alerted to the presence of the information.
Questions
Please direct any questions regarding our privacy policy to helpdesk@brnunited.org.
Amendment
The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey may amend this policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the Website.
Want to stay connected? Subscribe to our weekly BRN United e-news!
Subscribe
Copyright 2020 Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey - All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
4620 Fritchey Street, Harrisburg, PA 17109 | helpdesk@brnunited.org | 800-451-6599 | BRN Staff |
User Login
COVID-19
About
Meet the Baptist Resource Network
Downloadable “BRN Family” Guide
Meet Southern Baptists
How to Affiliate
How to Become a Christian
Church Search
Team
Calendar
Ministry Areas
Areas of Service
Job Listing
Post a Job
Housing
Volunteer House
Warren House
News
Online News
— By Category
— By Region
— By Behavior
Submit Your News
Subscribe to Weekly Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter Archive
Give
Give Online
Giving Options
State Missions Offering
Back To Top
×Close search
Search
Search
Submit