http://www.navigators.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Go HomePrivacy Policy
The Navigators protects your privacy and develops technology to safeguard your online experience with us. This Privacy Statement applies to The Navigators website and governs data collection and usage. By using The Navigators website, you consent to the data practices described.
Collection/Use of Your Personal Information
To accurately process donations, issue receipts, and gauge the ideal flow of appeals and ministry communications, The Navigators collects personal information, such as first and last name, billing address, telephone number, ZIP Code, email address, and ministry interests. To compile general statistics and improve the site, we collect information about computer hardware and software, including IP address, browser type, access times, and referring websites.
The Navigators may share data with trusted third parties that help us send email or postal mail, initiate telephone calls, or fulfill orders. We may share data with trusted, like-minded charities and participate in cooperative database services where contact information is shared between participating groups. Donors may request to be excluded from this data sharing by calling us toll free (866) 568-7827, emailing us at donorcare@navigators.org, or writing us at P.O. Box 6000, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80934.
The Navigators and our trusted third parties may share anonymous portions of user information collected at this site with one another. Such information may be used to link to and issue anonymous cookies containing demographic or intent-based data for online behavioral advertising purposes. These cookies don’t contain personally identifiable information. If you would like to opt out of online behavioral advertising, click either of these links:
www.aboutads.info/choices or networkadvertising.org/choices.
Use of Personal “Cookies”
The Navigators website uses personal cookies to help personalize your online experience. Assigned uniquely to you, a cookie is a text file placed in your browser’s application folder by our server.
A prime purpose of cookies is to save you time by informing the web server that you specifically have returned to a page. For example, if you personalize The Navigators pages, or register with The Navigators site or services, a cookie helps recall your first and last name and billing address or other information needed on subsequent visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser preferences to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you won’t be able to fully use the interactive features of The Navigators website.
Anti-Spam Statement
The Navigators opposes the use of unsolicited commercial email and mass posting to inappropriate newsgroups (spam). We send email to those who have shown interest in our ministry and provide clear and easy opt-in and opt-out links.
Security of Your Personal Information
The Navigators secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol encryption.
Disclaimer
The Navigators makes no warranties or representations of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on this website for any purpose. The Navigators makes no warranties or representations of any kind that the services provided by this website will be uninterrupted, error-free or that the web site or the server that hosts the website are free from viruses or other forms of harmful computer code. In no event shall The Navigators, its workers or agents be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages resulting from the use of this website.
This exclusion and limitation only applies to the extent permitted by law and is without prejudice to any express provisions to the contrary in any written license or agreement from The Navigators in respect of the use of any online service provided via this website.
Changes to this Statement
The Navigators may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect new laws, changes in our ministry, and donor feedback.