http://www.execucare.com/privacy
Values
People
Clients
Services
Jobs
We use cookies to give you the best browsing experience and to provide you with relevant content.
By continuing to use our website you agree to our use of cookies as described in our
Privacy Policy.
This website privacy policy describes how Execucare Ltd. protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use this website.
If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy.
This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
This website privacy policy was updated
Tuesday 28th June 2020
If you have any questions about this policy, please email
privacy@execucare.com
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide services and to enable certain functions on this website.
We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them.
What Data We Gather
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address and postal address
Employment information including career history, salary and notice period
Website usage data
Other information relevant to the accurate provision of employment opportunities
How We Use This Data
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking from the company, enabling us to deliver an improved service.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records
To improve the services we provide
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
To contact you regarding a potential employment opportunity
To customise the website for you
To send you promotional emails about services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you
To send you promotional mailings or to call you about services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you
Cookies and How We Use Them
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website.
Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit.
How do we use cookies?
We may use cookies to:
Analyse our web traffic using an analytics package. Aggregated usage data helps us improve the website structure, design, content and functions.
Identify whether you are signed in to our website. A cookie allows us to check whether you are signed in to the site.
Test content on our website. For example, 50% of our users might see one piece of content, the other 50% a different piece of content.
Store information about your preferences. The website can then present you with information you will find more relevant and interesting.
To recognise when you return to our website. We may show your relevant content, or provide functionality you used previously.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
How do I control cookies?
You can use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device, you should set your web browser to refuse cookies.
However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you.
Unless you have changed your browser to refuse cookies, our website will issue cookies when you visit it.
To learn more about cookies and how they are used, visit
aboutcookies.org
Controlling Information About You
When you fill in a form or provide your details on our website you opt-in to receive communications from us by email, telephone, text message or post.
If you would prefer us not to contact you then:
Send an email to
privacy@execucare.com
Write to us at: Execucare UK, 14 Gray's Inn Road, London, WC1X 8HN
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 2018.
Security
We will always hold your information securely.
We follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 2018.
Links From Our Site
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Please note that we have no control of websites outside the execucare.com and execucare.co.nz domains. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
Execucare UK
14 Gray's Inn Road
London
WC1X 8HN
(44) 20 3409 8981
uk@execucare.com
Execucare NZ
57 Willis Street
Wellington
6011
(64) 4889 7625
nz@execucare.com
Execucare USA
200 North Larchmont Boulevard
Los Angeles
90004-3707
(1) 323 4606 202
us@execucare.com
Execucare Australia
161 Castlereagh Street
Sydney
NSW 2000
(61) 426 588206
au@execucare.com
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© Execucare Ltd 2020. All rights reserved.