https://www.daymurraymusic.com/privacy-policy/
Shop
Accessories               >
Batons
Educational                     >
Books
Flashcards
Games
Manuscripts
Practice Records
Software
Textbooks
Gift Ideas                        >
Bags
Clothing
Jewelry
Stationary/Pens
Statues
Instrument Accessories  >
Audio Equipment
Capos
Cases / Straps
Cleaning / Maintenance
Lamps
Percussion
Picks
Reeds / Mouthpieces
Rosin
Strings
Tuners / Metronomes
Listening CDs
Music Folders
Singer’s Mask
Stands                             >
Instrument Stands
Music Stands
Chamber Works        >
Other
Piano Trio
Strings                             >
Misc. Ensemble
String Quartets
String Quintets
String Trios
Choral / Vocal           >
Choral                             >
Accompaniment CDs
Christmas
Other Holidays
Patriotic
Sacred
Score & Parts
Secular
Vocal                               >
Accompaniment CDs
Christmas
Classical
Ensemble
Fake Book
Jazz
Opera
Other Holidays
Patriotic
Popular
Sacred
Methods
Instrumental             >
Accompaniments
Band                                >
Classical
Holidays
Jazz
Methods
Popular
Repertoire
Sacred
Brass                               >
Horn
Other
Trombone
Trumpet / Cornet
Tuba
Orchestra                        >
Classical
Holidays
Jazz
Methods
Popular
Repertoire
Sacred
Fake Book
Percussion                       >
Classical
Duets / Trios
Holidays
Jazz
Methods
Popular
Sacred
Piano/Organ/Accordion   >
Accordion
Easy Piano
Organ
Piano
Piano / Organ Duet
Plucked Instruments        >
Banjo
Dulcimer
Guitar
Harp
Mandolin
Other
Ukulele
String                               >
Bass
Cello
Viola
Violin
Wind                                >
Bassoon
Clarinet
Flute / Picc
Harmonica
Oboe
Other
Recorder
Saxophone
Theory
Instruments              >
Guitars                            >
Acoustic Electric
Acoustic
Bass
Classical
Electric
Ukuleles                           >
Baritone
Concert
Other
Soprano
Tenor
Harmonicas
Other
Recorders
Piano/Vocal/Guitar   >
Broadway/Musical Theatre
Christmas
Classical
Country
Disney
Holidays
Jazz
Movie / T.V.
Other
Popular
Rock & Roll
Sacred
Standards
Wedding & Love
Instrument Rentals
Guitar Repair
Workshops
Upcoming Workshops
Clinicians
Venues
Teaching Studios
Practice Rooms
Recital Hall
Recording Studio
Lessons
Testimonials
Home
Website Privacy Policy
Introduction
Day Murray Music (“Company” or “We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website daymurraymusic.com  (our “Website“) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Day Murray Music or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at info@daymurraymusic.com.
Sensitive Information
Our website does not collect sensitive information, including race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, political party, or genetic or health data
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, (“personal information“)
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as customer number; order number, and/or the last 4 digits of your credit card number.
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners and affiliates
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and if you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You will be required to provide financial information as part of placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Registration information for classes, workshops, or other educational resources we provide.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted“) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions“). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we may limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Google Analytics. Google analytics is a service provided by Google that uses cookies to analyze website traffic and other statistics. You may view their privacy policy and how they govern data collection and usage by visiting https://policies.google.com/privacy
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Day Murray Music does not currently respond to DNT (Do Not Track) signals sent from browsers.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Third Party Applications Privacy Policies:
In order to provide certain services to you, we use third party applications on our website. If you would like more information on how these third parties use your information, please refer to their individual privacy policies.
Skedda (Booking Recital Hall Rentals): https://support.skedda.com/legal/privacy-policy-for-venue-users
Stripe (Payment Processing for Recital Hall Rentals): https://stripe.com/privacy
Mail Chimp (Handles the Processing of Newsletter and Promotional Email Subscriptions): https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information and updates to products, subscriptions or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose when you provide your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own or third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please contact us at info@daymurraymusic.com
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated (non-personal) information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, as we deem necessary to promote our services.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of DAY MURRAY MUSIC’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by DAY MURRAY MUSIC about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients.
To connect you with one of our studio teachers in order to receive music instruction from them.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your prior approval
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use, terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Day Murray Music,  our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to info@daymurraymusic.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. You may also click the unsubscribe link if one has been provided in the email. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI“) on the NAI’s website. If you wish to opt-out of the use of Google Analytics, you may download the opt-out browser add-on by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may send us an email at info@daymurraymusic.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not be able to delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not be able to accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Any payment transactions and account registration information will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We caution you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. Therefore, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, you may contact us via the following methods:
By Mail:  Day Murray Music | 4914 S. State Street | Murray, Utah 84107
By Email: info@daymurraymusic.com
By Phone: (801) 266-3537 or 866-329-1946  (During regular business hours: Monday-Thursday 10:00 AM .- 6:30 PM. or Friday-Saturday 10:00 AM – 5:30 PM)
Copyright 2020
About Us
Our Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright
Locations
Contact Us