http://www.holysparks.com/pages/privacy-cookie-policy
Close menu
Home
Shop
See More
Close Cart
All Products
Art Prints & Cards
Books & Soul Kits
Soul Purpose
FREE!
Talk to G-d
Soul
See More
Close Cart
Your Soul Journey
Not Jewish?
My Story
See More
Close Cart
Services
Meet Rae Shagalov
About Holy Sparks
Art Blog
FAQ
Services
See More
Close Cart
Creative Clarity Coaching
Custom Calligraphy
Soul Journey Workshops
Chabad House
Not Jewish?
Dedications & Sponsorship
Press
Contact
Log In
Create Account
Search
Contact
About Us
Blog
Donate
Dedicate a Book
Sponsor a Workshop
Instant Art & Card Downloads
Books
Your Life Purpose
Plan Your Life
Services
Custom Calligraphy
Coaching & Consulting
Righteous Gentiles
Videos
FREE!
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Your cart
Close Cart
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Holy Sparks ("Holy Sparks") operates www.joyfullyjewish.com, https://holysparks.com and may operate other websites. It is Holy Sparks's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Holy Sparks collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Holy Sparks's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Holy Sparks's visitors use its website. From time to time, Holy Sparks may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Holy Sparks also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on www.joyfullyjewish.com blogs/sites. Holy Sparks only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Holy Sparks's websites choose to interact with Holy Sparks in ways that require Holy Sparks to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Holy Sparks gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at www.joyfullyjewish.com or https://holysparks.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Holy Sparks are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Holy Sparks collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Holy Sparks. Holy Sparks does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Holy Sparks may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Holy Sparks may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Holy Sparks does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Holy Sparks discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Holy Sparks's behalf or to provide services available at Holy Sparks's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Holy Sparks's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Holy Sparks will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Holy Sparks discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Holy Sparks believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Holy Sparks, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Holy Sparks website and have supplied your email address, Holy Sparks may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Holy Sparks and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Holy Sparks takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Holy Sparks uses cookies to help Holy Sparks identify and track visitors, their usage of Holy Sparks website, and their website access preferences. Holy Sparks visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Holy Sparks's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Holy Sparks's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Holy Sparks, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Holy Sparks goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Holy Sparks may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Holy Sparks and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Holy Sparks may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Holy Sparks's sole discretion. Holy Sparks encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a www.joyfullyjewish.com or holysparks.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.