http://www.biblesociety.org.uk/cookie-policy/
Our website uses cookies to improve your online experience. Accept | Find out more
Donate now Basket Login/Register Search
About usWhat we’re doingGet involvedExplore the BibleLatestShop
Main navigation
Donate About usWhat we’re doingGet involvedExplore the BibleLatestShop
Toggle navigation
Shopping basket
Profile area
Search
Cookie policy Our website uses cookies to improve your online experience. By using our website, you agree to this policy and you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. You can find out more about the cookies we use, why we use them and how to opt-out below.What are Cookies?A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or device. It helps with a number of things including: Allowing our website to work properly Helping to keep our website secure Helping us improve our website by understanding how people are using it Making the site easier to use by remembering information you've entered Improving your experience by showing information that's relevant to youTo find out more information about cookies in general go to www.aboutcookies.orgWhat type of cookies do you use?First PartyOn some of our websites we use 'Session Cookies' which allow the website to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They are used for a variety of purposes such as remembering what a user has put in their shopping basket as they browse around a site (e.g. Bible Society Online Shop). These session cookies expire after a browser session is closed, so are never stored long term.Third PartyWe collect information about the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of all our website visitors, using Google Analytics, in order to see how our website is used and monitor site traffic so as continuously improve and develop the design and content of our site. This information is not personally identifiable information – it is anonymised.From time to time we use Facebook to promote our websites and if you are a Facebook user you can learn more about how Facebook uses cookies for this purpose.Third Party – remarketingWe use third-party remarketing services, including the Facebook pixel, to help tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users, based on their previous activity on our website. The adverts may appear on Facebook, or across the internet on third party sites, including those within Facebook's Audience Network.Cookies are placed by third-party vendors, including Facebook, on web browsers to track user behaviour and serve ads related to such behaviour. No identifiable information is collected through the use of Facebook's, or any other, third party remarketing service. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our privacy policy and Facebook's privacy policy.You can opt out of Facebook's use of cookies by visiting Facebook's ad preference settings.Find out more about opting out of Internet-based advertising.How do I opt-out from cookies?We recommend that you do not change your cookie settings as this may affect the performance of our website if you block some or all cookies.However, if you do decide to change them, you can do this through your browser settings. To learn more about changing your cookie settings for the following browsers, these links may help: Google Chrome Safari Firefox Internet ExplorerYou can also opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites.If you would like to opt out of Facebook's use of cookies, please visit Facebook's ad preference settings.
Didn’t find what you were looking for? Search the site Get in touch
Newsletter sign-up Get the latest on how we’re bringing the Bible to life around the world in a short, weekly email.
Sign up Email preferences
Our free apps Find out more Let’s get social
Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
Jobs See all vacancies Legal stuff © Copyright and permissions Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms and conditions Safeguarding summary Pension Scheme
Bringing the Bible to Life
British and Foreign Bible Society operates in England, Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.And we also work with a network of local Bible Societies around the world. Find your closest Bible Society here Bible Society, Stonehill Green, Westlea, Swindon, SN5 7DG. Registered charity 232759
Search the site Get in touch
Sign up to newsletter Email preferences
Jobs Our apps © Copyright and permissions Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms and conditions Safeguarding summary Pension Scheme
Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
Bringing the Bible to life
Bible Society, Stonehill Green, Westlea, Swindon, SN5 7DG. Registered charity 232759
Processing, please wait
Read Bible
Open full Bible