https://www.jgsgb.org/privacy-policy/
Jewish Genealogical Society of Greater Boston, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the website (the “Website”) owned and operated by the Jewish Genealogical Society or Greater Boston, Inc. (“JGSGB”). This notice explains our online information collection and use practices. It is important that you take the time to read and understand this policy so that you can appreciate how we use your personal information.
REMEMBER IF YOU JOIN JGSGB OR OTHERWISE PROVIDE INFORMATION TO THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. AS WE UPDATE AND EXPAND OUR SERVICES, THIS POLICY MIGHT CHANGE, SO PLEASE REVIEW IT FROM TIME TO TIME.
The Information We Collect
When you visit the Website as a guest and don’t log in with your member credentials, we do not capture or retain any personally identifiable information (i.e. information that can directly identify you or indicate where you might be contacted).
When you visit the Website and log in with your member credentials, personally identifiable information including your name, address, email address, telephone number, and communication preferences are retained in the JGSGB account on servers managed by our software provider, NeonCRM. You can view or change your information at any time by logging into the site and clicking on “Update My Profile.”  You may also send an email to membership@JGSGB.org. You may review the security and privacy policy for NeonCRM at https://www.neoncrm.com/privacy/.
JGSGB does not retain in its records or on our server any credit card information (no credit card numbers, security codes, or expiration dates). We use Neon Payment Processing as a gateway to process credit card transactions.  No credit card information is stored anywhere on behalf of JGSGB.   You may review the security and privacy policy for Neon Payment Processing at https://www.neoncrm.com/privacy/. You can also find information on privacy in relation to Neon Payment Processing at https://www.neoncrm.com/terms-of-service-payments/ and at https://stripe.com/us/privacy.
We sometimes collect certain identifiable information in your membership profile such as volunteer interests and skills, professional areas, research interests, and software products you use. In addition, our statistics software will capture the type of browser you are using, your country of origin, IP address, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider when you visit any of our web pages.
Social Networking Services
JGSGB has a Facebook page that is accessed from the website via a link. No personal information is communicated to Facebook when you click on the link and no personal information, including membership information, will ever be shared with Facebook. If you have your own Facebook account, we suggest you check on your personal privacy settings at Facebook by visiting those services’ privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services.
Third-Party Websites
Our website and our emails and newsletters may provide links or automatically redirect you to third-party websites that are not controlled by JGSGB or governed by this Privacy Policy. These third-party websites may collect personal data and other data from or about you. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any website that we do not control, and your interactions with such websites are governed solely by the privacy policies of the entity operating the websites, not this Privacy Policy.
Mailing Services
JGSGB uses Constant Contact, an internet email service to distribute meeting notices and newsletters. Your name and email address are stored within the JGSGB account on the Constant Contact servers. The JGSGB mailing lists and contact information are encrypted and secured when stored so that your exposure to unlawful capture of your personal information is very minimal. If you do not wish to have personal information stored at Constant Contact at all, you can change your communication preferences to “Do Not Email” and you will no longer receive emails.
Cookies
To enhance your online experience with us, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files placed on your hard disk by our web server to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to provide the personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
Most web browsers can be set to reject cookies or provide notice when cookies are placed on your device. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Although it is up to you whether to accept cookies from our websites, if you reject cookies, certain functions on our sites may not work properly, and your ability to use some areas of the sites may be limited.
Third-Party Analytics
Our analytics providers for websites and apps, Google Analytics, may collect data points associated with your visits to our websites and use of our apps to assist us with analyzing and assessing our website. You can, however, opt-out of certain data collection by these analytics providers. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt-out of their data collection, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Location Data
The JGSGB website does not use your location data in any way.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Personal Information
If you wish to review and/or request changes to certain personal data we have collected about you (such as your current contact information, login name and password) you may do so by logging into your JGSGB account on www.jgsgb.org, or by contacting us as identified below.
In some cases, you may also have a right to (i) request deletion of certain personal data or (ii) obtain a copy of such data in an accessible format. We will make reasonable attempts to comply with such requests where applicable but may refuse requests where we are otherwise legally required to retain the data, or the requests are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, risk the privacy of others, or are impractical.
How We Use and Disclose Personal Information
We will use the personal information you provide online for the purpose(s) of mailing our newsletters, announcements, snail mailings,  and obtaining volunteers. We do not share any information you submit via email inquiries, Research Sundays, or via surveys. If you want us to stop using the personal information you provided, please contact us at membership@jgsgb.org.
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze how our site is used, as well as to offer you programs, services or products that we believe may be of interest.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We will not sell the personal information you provide. We will not share the personal information you provide, whether it is provided online or offline, with a third party except (a) for the purpose(s) you provided it; (b) with your consent; (c) as may be required by law or as we think necessary to protect our agency or others from injury (e.g. in response to a court order or subpoena, in response to a law enforcement agency request or when we believe that someone is causing (or about to cause) injury to or interference with the rights or property of another); (d) with other persons or companies with whom we contract to carry out internal site operations or our business activities (for example, sending out information or other item that you have requested on the site); and/or (e) notifying you when we make changes to one of our subscriber agreements or this policy.
Our Commitment to Security
We believe we have in place the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online as well as offline. JGSGB maintains an SSL certificate for its site that places a bit of code on your web server to provide security for online communications. When a web browser contacts the JGSGB website, the SSL certificate enables an encrypted connection. It’s kind of like sealing a letter in an envelope before sending it through the mail.
International Users
If you are visiting the Website from outside of the United States, your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States, all information you provide will be processed and securely maintained in our web servers and internal systems located within the United States. By using the Website, you authorize the export of personal information to the USA and its storage and use as specified above when you provide such information to us. This policy and our legal obligations are subject to the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the USA, regardless of the location of any user. Any claims or complaints must be filed in the USA in federal or state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, County of Norfolk.
Children
Our websites and apps are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal data from such children. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal data, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us so that the personal data can be deleted.
Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice by posting an updated Privacy Policy on our website and in our apps. When we do so, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. If we make material changes in the way we use and/or share your personal data, we will attempt to notify you directly, such as by sending an email to the email address you most recently provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our websites and in our apps.
Changes to this Policy
Because our needs may change over time, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. If at any time in the future we plan to use your personally identifiable information in a way that differs from this policy, we will revise this policy as appropriate. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes. This policy is effective as of December 1, 2018.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, you may e-mail membership@jgsgb.org.
Copyright © 2018 Jewish Genealogical Society of Greater Boston, Inc. All rights reserved. The Site is the property of the Jewish Genealogical Society of Greater Boston, Inc. and is protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws. This includes the content, appearance, and design of the Site, as well as the trademarks, services names, graphics, logos, service names, slogans, colors, and designs.
Upcoming Events
Sun
20
Virtual Research Sunday
December 20 @ 2:00 pm - 4:30 pm
EST
Jan
31
Amy Wachs – History and Geography-Tools for Eastern European Research
January 31, 2021 @ 1:30 pm - 3:30 pm
EST
Feb
21
Marian Burk Wood – Planning for your Family’s Past
February 21, 2021 @ 1:30 pm - 3:30 pm
EST
Mar
21
Nicka Smith – Reverse Genealogy: Finding Cousins and Chasing the Living
March 21, 2021 @ 1:30 pm - 3:30 pm
EDT
View More…
Zoom HelpPlease read our Zoom tutorial