https://www.openprivacy.org/
Essentials:
Overview
White Paper
News
License
Technical:
Reputations
Requirements
Platform
Projects:
Talon
Sierra
Reptile (SCDS)
User Content License
Resources:
Definitions
Background
Bibliography
Credits:
Acknowledgements
Founders
Overview
The OpenPrivacy initiative is an Open Source collection of software
frameworks, protocols and services providing a cryptographically secure
and distributed platform for creating, maintaining, and selectively
sharing user profile information.
In effect, OpenPrivacy is the first open platform that enables user
control over personal data while simultaneously - and at user discretion
- providing marketers with access to higher quality profile segments.
The resulting marketplace for anonymous demographic profiles will create
opportunities for a new breed of personalized services that provide
people and businesses with timely and relevant information.
Throughout
the system, information may be shared with guaranteed personal privacy,
creating at last a level playing field for the user, marketer and
infomediaries.
Several projects are in the works, listed with the most-developed
initiative first:
Sierra, a reference
implementation of the Reputation Management Framework (RMF)
OpenPrivacy's core project is designed to ease the process of
creating community with reputation enhanced pseudonymous entities.
The RMF is primarily a set of four interfaces: Nym Manager,
Communications Manager, Storage Manager and Reputation Calculation
Engine (RCE).
Sierra is a reference implementation that meets these
interfaces.
Talon
A simple yet powerful component system for Java.
Sierra is being
developed using Talon and we expect that Talon will soon be able to
use Sierra's reputation manager to drive component selection
Zero-knowledge proof of sibling nym relationships by parent
paper forthcoming
Reputation Capital Exchange
A secure mechanism for mapping between RCEs that use
different trust metrics.
This is accomplished by first attaching an
OpenPrivacy-style Nym to the local namespace user name, and then by
authenticating a match between these secure nyms.
Reptile
An open source/free software Syndicated Content Directory Server
(SCDS) that provides a personalized news and information portal with
privacy and reputation accumulation.
User Content License -
Reversing the Privacy Policy Circle
Adding an HTTP header prior to the request being transferred
from client to server that contains a user copyright notice for any data
transferred from the client.
(While not directly related to the
concept of anonymous profile data, we think it's a cool hack!)
We are interested in finding people who would like to help with any and
all of these projects.
OpenPrivacy is a grassroots effort creating open
source (and free) code.
Our goal is to create a saner, safer Internet.
Longer Term Goals
The OpenPrivacy platform enables applications that will afford the user many
direct benefits without the loss of privacy or fear that their data is being
used inappropriately, including the ability to:
provide a standard framework (objects and protocols) for general
purpose reputation management
enjoy the benefits (TBD: describe) of personalized information
without loss of privacy
browse (if and when they chose) offers from businesses and marketers
respond to offers directly or through third party infomediaries
maintain confidence that their profile is being used only as permitted
understand and leverage the value of their profile information
again, all of this without the loss of privacy or fear that your data
is being used inappropriately!
OpenPrivacy satisfies one of the
requirements for Broadcatch systems
and supports the Principles of the
Identity Commons
Historical note: OpenPrivacy closed its virtual doors in May of 2002.
I wish thissite were