http://www.elslaw.com/statementofprivacy/
MENU
Mesothelioma & Asbestos
What Causes Mesothelioma?
Diagnosing Mesothelioma
Mesothelioma Types
Treating Mesothelioma
Prognosis and Outlook
Legal Rights
Why Protect Your Rights
Typical Case Process
Viable Defendants
Bankrupt Defendants
VA Benefits
Workers' Compensation
Frequently Asked Questions
Why Choose ELSM?
Our Lawyers
Where We Work
Why Hire Us
Settlements and Verdicts
What Our Clients Say
Client Profiles
Martindale Rating
Help Find a Cure
Asbestos Awareness
ELSM & Mesothelioma.com
News
Free Guide
Case Evaluation
Privacy Statement and Policies
Your privacy is important to us and, as our guest, we would like you to be aware of our policies regarding privacy and your use of our site. Accordingly, following is a statement of our policies:
Submission, Gathering and Use of Information
Most information that we gather about visitors to our site is submitted to us voluntarily. However, in compliance with the law and when we believe doing so will assist us in providing better information and service to our visitors, we may gather, retain and use other information about our visitors. We take reasonable steps to protect all such information from unauthorized use, access or release. From time to time, we may, at our option, use such information to notify our visitors of advances in medical treatment, changes in the law, and other items which, in our opinion, are newsworthy or may be of interest. With regard to Social Security numbers, we: (1) protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers, (2) prohibit unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers, and (3) limit access to Social Security numbers.
Cookies
From time to time, we may utilize "cookies" to improve our site and to enhance our ability to provide information and service to our visitors. "Cookies" are files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your Internet/Web browser. These "cookies" identify you as a prior visitor and let us know how you found us on the Internet. "Cookies" are also used to retrieve information, which you have previously submitted to us thereby alerting us to which information and features are of interest to you. This helps us improve the content and quality of the information we provide to you and other visitors.
Chat Rooms and Bulletin Boards
Chat rooms and bulletin boards are invaluable means to share and exchange information and experiences. We do not control, edit, or otherwise screen information, messages, materials, files or other exchanges which are placed upon or effected via our chat rooms and bulletin boards. At all times, we reserve the right to remove, edit, and/or disclose any information which is necessary and/or required to comply with any law, regulation, governmental request or directive, or court order. We further reserve the right to remove any information or materials, which we, in our sole judgment, deem offensive, objectionable, or inconsistent with the purposes for which this site was created and is maintained.
Use of Website and Information
All use of our site is governed by the "Terms of Use" which are set forth in their entirety on our site. We provide information as a free service to our visitors. Neither the provision of the information nor the information itself is intended, or should be construed or relied upon, as legal or medical advice or as evidence of or an offer to commence an attorney-client and/or physician-patient relationship. Moreover, any communication, via email or otherwise, is intended as a no cost service and should not be viewed or construed as the rendering of any legal or medical advice.
Limitation of Liability
Neither James F. Early, LLC; Early, Lucarelli, Sweeney & Meisenkothen (An Association of Professional LLCs); Early, Lucarelli, Sweeney & Meisenkothen, LLC; The Early Law Firm, LLC; nor any of their respective members, managers, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, or subcontractors shall be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, or punitive damages, or any lost profits resulting from or arising as a consequence of the use of this site and/or any information contained in, accessed through or transmitted by means of this website and any chat room or bulletin board provided hereon.
Request a Free Case Evaluation
Request a Free Evaluation now if you or someone you love has been diagnosed with mesothelioma. The evaluation will cost you nothing. Our lawyers will travel to visit you at your convenience or conference call with you over the phone. We understand how difficult a time this is for you and will assist in any way that we can. You can also call us toll-free at 1-800-336-0086 at any time.
Free Evaluation
Free
Mesothelioma Treatment Guide
Cover medical expenses. Provide financial security for your family. Click below to receive FREE medical and legal information.
Get Your Guide
Our Clients Say
“Your firm is extremely knowledgeable about mesothelioma. You have all worked hard on my behalf. I sincerely want to thank you for your dedication, kindness and friendship.”
Frank A. “Butch” Blanchard
Mesothelioma Victim
“Since this was my first experience in such matters, I appreciated the expertise of your attorneys. Their professionalism throughout the entire deposition impressed me to no end. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend your firm to my family or friends.”
Joseph Buscemi
Mesothelioma Victim
“I am very pleased with Early, Lucarelli, Sweeney & Meisenkothen and feel that they have always had my best interest at heart. Whenever I have had questions to be answered, I could (and can) count on prompt answers…”
Shirley Lamphere
Mesothelioma Victim
“We were fortunate to have been made aware of your firm and I am appreciative of the guidance and understanding you provided during this most difficult time. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend you and your firm to anyone who is in need of legal counsel.”
Dayle Smith
Mesothelioma Victim
“Cathy and I would like to extend our most sincere thanks to Jim Early, Bob Sweeney and your entire staff for the caring and professionalism in which you handled our Mesothelioma case. We are more than pleased with the settlements you have secured on our behalf and honestly, never expected such results.”
Cathy and Nick Varni
Mesothelioma Victims
Read Full Reviews Here
Results
The jury awards and settlements we have received for our clients are among the highest in the country.
Occupation/Exposure
Plumber / Mechanic
Age
55
Results
~$13,300,000
Occupation/Exposure
Pipefitter / Household
Age
60
Results
~$12,100,000
Occupation/Exposure
Pipefitter
Age
66
Results
~$11,800,000
Occupation/Exposure
Hairdresser / Household
Age
67
Results
~$11,500,000
Occupation/Exposure
Navy / Dry Wall Sprayer
Age
48
Results
~$11,500,000
See All Results Here