https://www.ecosecretariat.org/terms-of-service
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarLast updated: May 2020.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before using this website.
Your access to and use of this website is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who are 18 years of age or older and access or use this website.
By using this website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with The Economic Secretariat and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use this website.
Intellectual Property
This website and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of The Economic Secretariat.
Links To Other Websites
This website may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by The Economic Secretariat.
The Economic Secretariat has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that The Economic Secretariat shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
I strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that you visit.
Termination
I may terminate or suspend your access to this website immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of this website is at your sole risk. This website is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. This website is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding this website, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding this website.
Changes
I reserve the right, at my sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, I will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at my sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use this website after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using this website immediately.
Contact
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact me here.
Primary SidebarPOPULAR ARTICLES
How To Make Money Online From Home: Top 14 Best Online Jobs in 2020
Lead Generation Review: Smartest or Dumbest Business Model of 2020?
error: Alert: Content is protected !!