https://www.bestclubsupplies.com/privacy.asp
800-877-8908
CLICK FOR CONTACT INFO
Canadian CustomersClick Here
login / register
|
QuickView  $0.00
QUICK LINKS TO POPULAR PRODUCTS
Awards & Plaques
Lapel Pins
Club Supplies
New Member
Traditional Round
Engraved Plastic
Credit-Card Style
Guest Speaker
Trading Banners
Club Shirts
Products
Home
Ordering
How To Order
Why Order From Us?
Online Order Forms
Rotary Member Badges
Round Member Badges
Rectangular Member Badges
Credit Card Member Badges
Rotary Conference Ribbons
Horizontal Conference Ribbons
Vertical Conference Ribbons
Personalized Rotary Shirts
Pique Cotton Polo Shirts
Twill Blend Shirts (long & short sleeve)
Performance Blend Polo Shirts
Championship Rotary Rings
Rotary Blazers
Wool Blend Blazers
Polyester Blazers
Request a Rotary Supply Catalog
Printed Order Forms
Read This First
Rotary Supply Order Form
Custom Rotary Trading Banners
Round Member Badges
Rectangular Member Badges
Rotary Recognition Awards/Plaques
Request a Rotary Supply Catalog
Account
Click here to login first
Information
About Us
Contact Us
What We Do
Why Order From Us?
Privacy Policy
Shipping
International Orders
Frequent Questions
Return Policy
Subscribe
Subscribe to our Newsletter
View Recent Newsletters
Request a Rotary Supply Catalog
Checkout
We Do That!
Our Privacy Policy
We will never share your email address or any personal information with anyone for any reason, period. We are here to serve you, not subject you to spam or other unwanted marketing. We value your trust and want you to feel completely
comfortable using our online services.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for bestclubsupplies.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
This website and the computers it communicates your information to are PCI Compliant. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you have concerns about this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-877-8908 or via email.
SEARCH OVERONE MILLION PRODUCTSin our Promotional Products Store
Information
About Us
Contact Us
What We Do
Why Order From Us?
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
International Sales
Account
Login
Address Book
Update Your Info
Your Saved Baskets
Your Order History
Quick Links
Badges
Lapel Pins
Club Supplies
Banners/Flags
Awards/Plaques
Corporate Stores
Subscribe to our email list
All prices and availability subject to change without notice.
All content is ©Russell-Hampton Company 2001-2019
All Rights Reserved
Rotary International
License Number 96-4A0158
Rotary's ORIGINAL Licensed Vendor
Phone: 800-877-8908 • 913-254-0500    Fax: 888-599-3353 • 913-254-1555
"We're not the best because we're the oldest. We're the oldest because we're the best."