http://www.ghi-dc.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy – GHI Washington
GHI_Logo_Bild_RGB_
About Us
Team
Research
The GHI advances historical research through individual and collaborative projects. It also supports research and the sharing of research findings by organizing scholarly conferences and workshops and offering both traveling and residential fellowships.
Read on
German/European & Jewish History
History of the Americas & Transatlantic History
Global & Transregional History
History of Knowledge
History of Migration
Digital History
Projects A-Z
Events
Publications
The GHI’s publishing program aims to provide an international platform for the work of German researchers and a vehicle for transatlantic scholarly exchange.
Read on
Bulletin of the German Historical Institute
Bulletin Supplement
Publications of the German Historical Institute
Transatlantische Historische Studien
Studies in German History
Worlds of Consumption
Blogs
Publications A-Z
Programs
Library
News
Pacific Office
Enter your search term...
Privacy PolicyThe GHI respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. Therefore, we comply with applicable data privacy legislation in regards to processing personal data. This privacy policy describes what information the GHI collects and how it is used, protected, and disclosed.This privacy policy constitutes the agreement between you and the GHI relating to the publicly accessible portions of our website. By your use of our website, you consent to be governed by this Privacy Statement. The GHI may amend this Policy at any time; any changes made that affect your personal information will not take effect until 30 days after notice is posted on this site. Personal DataYou may have the opportunity, via our website or other means, to provide us with personal information about you and your interests. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, research and regional interests, and the events and programs at the GHI that you have participated in or subscribed to.You may visit our website anonymously. Except as described in this privacy policy, we do not collect identification data of our visitors. All web servers track basic information about their visitors. When you use the site, we may track usage information that does not identify you, including an anonymized IP address, general location information, device identifier, browser type, or language. This may also include information about your use of the site, such as search terms, search results, or additional traffic data. The site uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies that enable us to track your use of our site and make it more useful to you. Some features of the site may not work if you set your web browser to decline or delete cookies. The GHI may use service providers, such as Google Analytics, to collect information about your use of our site over time for non-advertising purposes. Your data collected via Google Analytics has been anonymized. Information useIf you choose to share any personal data with us via our website or via e-mail, we may store it and use that information to assist you with any questions you may have. We use industry standard practices to review data quality and confirm that the information we have for you is up-to-date. We may also store data that you voluntarily provide during GHI events in order to keep you informed of other events of a similar nature. The GHI works with GDPR compliant third party vendors (Smartsheet, NEON CRM) to store your data such as mailing and email information. You will receive general information from us only if you choose to do so. Once your consent is indicated, you will have the possibility to contact us in case you no longer want us to use your personal information for those purposes. Unless you specifically consent to the sharing of your personal data, your information will solely be used for internal purposes. We will not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected online or offline.  E-mail TrackingWhen you receive system emails from the GHI, such as event invitations, we may collect information that indicates if you open the email or click on links in that email. This does not apply to emails sent from individual GHI email accounts. Third Party Service ProvidersIf you receive emails from us, we pass your information to our third-party service providers (for example to send you mailings). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.Some of the content that you see displayed on this site is not hosted by www.ghi-dc.org. These “embeds” are hosted by a third-party and embedded in the site, e.g., Vimeo videos or Google maps that appear on a page. These files send data to the hosted site just as if you were visiting that site directly. The GHI does not control what data third-parties collect in cases like this, or what they will do with it. So, third-party embeds on this site are not covered by this privacy policy. They are covered by the privacy policy of the third-party service. Access to Information and Data and Opting OutThe GHI provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from the GHI. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us by e-mailing at the address below. In order to avoid a situation where repeated, unwanted contacts could occur, we will not remove you from the database. We will only contact you according to the preferences you specify.You have the right to request access, modify, correct, or remove your data collected in our database at any time. You may do so by contacting the GHI at the email or address below. ContactQuestions concerning this privacy policy may be sent to web@ghi-dc.org orGerman Historical Institute 1607 New Hampshire Ave NW Washington, DC 20009 202-387-3355 Last modified: Feb 11, 2020
Get in TouchSarah BeringerHead of Strategy & Communications
Phone +1.202.387.3355
beringer@ghi-dc.orgBryan HartProgram Officer (Fellowships) / Webmaster
Phone +1.202.387.3355
hart@ghi-dc.org
Contact
Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Subscribe
Follow us
GHI_Logo_Bild_RGB_
German Historical Institute
1607 New Hampshire Ave NW
Washington, DC 20009-2562
U.S.A.
Phone +1.202.387.3355
E-mail: info@ghi-dc.orgPacific Regional Office
Berkeley, CA 94720-2316
Phone +1.510.643.4558
E-mail: pro@ghi-dc.org