https://www.efcc.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Active Cookies
Cookie NameCookie CategoryDescriptionDurationwordpress_2WordPress cookie for a logged in user.sessionwordpress_logged_in_2WordPress cookie for a logged in usersessionwordpress_test_2WordPress cookie for a logged in usersessionwordpress_test_cookie2WordPress test cookiesessionwp-settings-1Wordpress also sets a few wp-settings-[UID] cookies.
The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table.
This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
1 yearwp-settings-time-2Wordpress also sets a few wp-settings-{time}-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
1 yearPHPSESSID1To identify your unique session on the websitesessionSESS1To ensure that you are recognised when you move from page to page within the site and that any information you have entered is remembered.session
Donations via PayPal
Donations made via PayPal are sent to us with the name and address of the donor.  All other personal information that you have registered with PayPal is not available to us.
External Website Links
We identify a few other sites that we think may interest you.  When you click through to those sites, you leave EFCC and our Privacy Policy has no jurisdiction on the third party site you visit.  You will need to check their Privacy Notice if you wish to find out how they handle any information collected during your visit.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any personal details at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Social Media
While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion.
Buying from us
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address, telephone number and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
You may request details of all the information we hold on you as a customer here. If your email address does not match the one we have on file, it may be necessary to make further checks to verify your identity.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us or mailing us at: PO Box 34, BEVERLEY, East Yorkshire, England HU17 0YY. Alternatively, you can click here and complete the form to request removal.
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
WooCommerce
Our store is hosted on WooCommerce. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through WooCommerce’s data storage, databases and the general WooCommerce application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
Our payment gateway providers are PayPal and Stripe who both provide a secure transaction page as part of our checkout process. They store your credit card data which is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
Third-party services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Get in touch
Find a church
Make a donation
follow us on twitter
PO Box 34, BEVERLEY, East Yorkshire, England HU17 0YY
The Evangelical Fellowship of Congregational Churches is a registered charity no. 262802.
All content © EFCC 2020. Privacy & Cookies. Terms & Conditions. Design by ninefootone.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you