http://www.ssas.com/recruitment-policy
SSAS TechnologiesSSAS TechnologiesSSAS TechnologiesSSAS TechnologiesSSAS TechnologiesSSAS TechnologiesSSAS TechnologiesSSAS TechnologiesHomeAbout UsJobsContact UsPrivacy Policy MoreHomeAbout UsJobsContact UsPrivacy Policy HomeAbout UsJobsContact UsPrivacy Policy
RECRUITMENT PRIVACY POLICY OF SSAS.COM
HELLOWelcome to the Privacy Policy for our potential employees.If you are considering applying or have applied for a position within SSAS.com; Throughout the whole recruitment process and for some time after, we need to process your Personal Data. In this Privacy Policy, we explain exactly why and how we do that and provide you with other important information which you need so that you always remain in control of your privacy.WHO ARE WE AND HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?We, as the Data Controller, are the company SIGNATURE SYSTEMS LTD., Company number 12035377, with a Registered office address at International House, 142 Cromwell Road, London, United Kingdom, SW7 4EF, Registered in England and Wales with Nature of business (SIC) 62012 - Business and Domestic Software DevelopmentFor all matters concerning privacy and data protection, you can always contact us via email support@ssas.com SOME TERMS THAT WE USE IN THIS PRIVACY POLICYPersonal Data: any information relating to a directly or indirectly identified or identifiable natural person. That means that if we possess means to identify either you or even the device you’re using, any information that we can connect to you will be treated as Personal Data.Data Controller: someone that determines the purposes and means of processing Personal Data. For example, we are a Data Controller when we process your Personal Data for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. Each Data Controller (to whom the GDPR or similar legal regime applies) should have a Privacy Policy such as this one where you can learn about how your Personal Data is processed. You can see the full list of Data Controllers we might share the data with below.Data Processor: a third party that only helps to achieve the purposes determined by the Data Controller. For example, we as a Data Controller use many third-party services to which we outsource some parts of our activities that we don’t do ourselves for various reasons such as cost efficiency. A Data Processor is only allowed to process your Personal Data according to our documented instructions, and the GDPR obliges us to have a strict formal contractual relationship that ensures a truly sufficient protection of your privacy.Third Countries: countries in which the GDPR regime is not applicable. Currently, by Third Countries we mean all countries that lie outside of the European Union.
WHERE WE OBTAIN DATA?We process Personal Data which you give to us directly, either by writing or orally, and Personal Data which we create ourselves based on the data, which you give us, and based on your behaviour during the recruitment process.Aside from that, we may obtain your data from the following sources:
from third-party job boards (website where we advertise open positions), in case you’ve applied for a position directly through one of such websites,
from the professionally oriented social media sites such as LinkedIn or GitHub, in case we found you and contacted you via this social website, or
from a headhunting agency, in case you were referred to one of our open positions by a third-party agency.
PURPOSEActively searching for potential candidates and contacting themActively searching for potential candidates and contacting themActively searching for potential candidates and contacting themWe actively search for potential candidates on the internet, mostly professional social media sites. When we find someone who we think would be a good fit, we collect his/her data and send him/her an invite for a job interview.Processing of job applications and evaluation of job applicantsActively searching for potential candidates and contacting themActively searching for potential candidates and contacting themDuring the recruitment process, we process the Personal Data of our applicants to evaluate them and to find out whether they would fit for the role they are applying for. For some roles, we might even conduct tests or other advanced assessments.Remembering past candidatesIntroducing candidates to the SSAS.com CommunityIntroducing candidates to the SSAS.com CommunityFor those applicants, who are not successful in the recruitment process, we want to remember that they went through the process along with some basic assessment so that we know how they performed in case they try to apply again for a different role in the future.Introducing candidates to the SSAS.com CommunityIntroducing candidates to the SSAS.com CommunityIntroducing candidates to the SSAS.com CommunityNo matter the outcome of the recruitment process, we want to stay in touch with people who are interested in working for SSAS.com. Therefore, to keep in touch, we invite all of our candidates to the SSAS.com Community. All the necessary information about the processing for this purpose, including the link to opt-out from this programme, are sent to the email addresses of the candidates.
Defense against potential legal claimsWe need to hold the information about the recruitment process with all the candidates for the purpose of defense against potential legal claims. We will delete all the data after 3.5 years after their collection.
SHARING YOUR DATASHARING DATA WITH OTHER DATA CONTROLLERSWe don’t share your Personal Data with other Data Controllers.SHARING DATA WITH DATA PROCESSORSIn order to do our work in the most effective way, we use many tools and apps which help us. The providers of such tools are third-party entities so technically, the Personal Data is sent to other companies and we need to inform you about such transfers. However, in such cases, these third parties are acting on our behalf as our Data Processors and we always stay in control of your Personal Data. That means that even though the Data Processors are in possession of your data, they can only process it for our purposes and we are always in charge of it. They cannot under any circumstances use the data for their own purposes or use the data in a way that would go against our agreement.Furthermore, we only use partners that have given us sufficient guarantees that they comply with the GDPR requirements and that your data will always be kept safe.
AdministrationEvaluation of applicantsEvaluation of applicantsWe use a tool which allows us to manage a database of people engaged in the recruitment process with SSAS.com.Evaluation of applicantsEvaluation of applicantsEvaluation of applicantsSometimes, to properly evaluate the skills of our applicants, we give them a coding task that they need to solve beforehand. For this, we use a tool called Codility. In some cases we also require our candidates to pass a language test which is evaluated by a third-party language.Job BoardsEvaluation of applicantsJob BoardsWe publish our open positions on several job boards, i.e. portals with job offers. These boards act as our data processors.
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?In general, we will process your Personal Data until we won’t need it for any of these purposes defined in this Privacy Policy. The maximum length of processing is 3.5 years after the collection of the Personal Data. This period covers the statute of limitation in most of EU states, which is 3 years, and a time reserve necessary for delayed deliveries of notices.HOW TO ACCESS AND CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL DATA?We want you to always be in control of your Personal Data. To this end, you have certain rights that allow for it. Under certain conditions, you may:
Gain access to all your data that we use or processing, and even get a copy of all of it
Ask us to delete your data
Correct the data that we are processing if you think that there are mistakes
Restrict the processing of your data
Receive your Personal Data in a commonly used and machine-readable format or to have this data transmitted to a different provider.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us at support@ssas.com TRANSFERRING YOUR DATA OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN UNIONWe will only transfer your Personal Data to Third Countries in cases where it is necessary given the residency of our Data Processor and the Data Controllers which are listed in this Privacy Policy. When transferring to countries without adequate regulations according to the Art. 45 GDPR, we will only do so after we obtain the necessary safeguards, specifically the Standard Contractual Clauses or Binding Corporate Rules.DATA PROTECTION OFFICERWith regard to all issues related to processing of your Personal Data and to the exercise of your rights under the GDPR, you may always contact our Data Protection Officer.Attila Selcuk UZUNData Protection Officer of SSAS.com aselcuk@ssas.comCOMPLAINT WITH THE SUPERVISORY AUTHORITYData Protection is a serious matter and the rules are quite difficult to implement correctly. No one is perfect, and it may happen that we make a mistake. If you feel that we mishandled your Personal Data, please turn to us first. We promise that we will try our best to resolve the situation. You can always approach us with any privacy or data protection related issue at support@ssas.com Nevertheless, at any time, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you are from the EU, you can lodge a complaint at the authority in the member state of your residence, in the member state where you work or in the member state of the alleged infringement.Generally, the complaints will be handled by the Istanbul Office for Personal Data Protection.
Copyright © 2020 Signature Systems Ltd - All Rights Reserved.SSAS | Technology DepartmentPrivacy Policy Recruitment Policy