http://www.ijcb.org/privpolicy.htm
E-mail alert
Contact
Search:
Go
Who we are
Background
Sponsoring institutions
Editorial board
Advisory board
Associate editors
For authors
Call for papers
Submission guidelines
Editorial process
Read the journal
Subscription
IJCB Conference
Central bank events
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
The following statement applies to the IJCB website (www.ijcb.org) and describes the policy of the IJCB on the collection and use of personal information - i.e. information which personally identifies a User, such as a User's name, address, email address or phone number. Links to other websites from this website are not covered by this policy.
The IJCB makes a record of every visit by a User to this website, and logs the following information for statistical purposes so that it can continuously improve the structure of the site:
the User's internet protocol (IP) address or domain name, depending on the User's server environment (but not the User's email address);
the date and time of the visit;
the pages accessed by the User and the documents downloaded;
the web page or website that directs the User to the IJCB website;
if the User visits a central bank website using a link from this website, the central bank website; and
the type of browser used.
The IJCB uses "cookies" to collect information about how this website is being used. A cookie is a text-only string of information that is transferred from this website to the cookie file of the browser on the hard disk of the User's computer when the User uses this website. A cookie cannot read data off the User's hard disk, read cookie files created by other websites, or identify the User's name or email address.
There are two types of cookies - "session cookies" and "persistent cookies". The IJCB uses both. A session cookie remains in the cookie file of the User's browser until he or she leaves the website. A persistent cookie is stored in the User's hard drive until it expires (persistent cookies sent by the IJCB website have a 12 month expiration date) or until the User deletes the cookie. The IJCB uses both types of cookies to collect information about Users' surfing behaviour when they access the website.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is usually possible to change the browser to prevent this. Users may wish to consult the help file of their web browser to find out more about this option.
Disclaimer and copyright
Privacy policy
Logout