http://www.icle.org/modules/customerservice/policies/privacy.aspx
Welcome to the Institute of Continuing Legal Education
login    cart (0)
login | cart (0)
Home
My ICLE
Store
About
Contributors
Home
My ICLE v
Store v
About v
Contributors v
MENU v
home > customer service > privacy statement & disclaimer
ICLE's Privacy Statement & Disclaimer
Privacy Statement
The Institute of Continuing Legal Education is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to personalize your experience at our Web site. This privacy statement discloses the information gathering and privacy practices for our Web site.
What information does ICLE collect? How do we use it?
Ordering Online
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, P-Number, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
Promotions, Online Surveys & Announcements
If you decide to participate in an online survey, subscribe to an e-mail list, enter a contest, or use one of our other promotional features, we may ask for your name, address, P-Number, e-mail address, practice areas, and other pertinent information to administer the contest, tabulate survey results, and subscribe you to lists. When we intend to use your personal information, we tell you up front.
Browsing
ICLE may use "cookies" for navigation of our online store and for customization of information that we may present to you. A "cookie" is a small text file that does not personally identify users, although it does identify a user's computer. "Cookies" do not pose a threat to your computer and they do not contain viruses. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change this feature in your browser.
How does ICLE protect customer information?
When you place an order, we use a secure server to protect your sensitive information. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Customer information is used to process and send order(s), bill credit cards, and to contact the customer when necessary. Unique identifiers (i.e., P-Numbers) are collected for use as account numbers in our record system.
Information supplied via online order forms and registration forms is used only by ICLE.
ICLE does not sell or rent customer lists. ICLE may partner with other professional organizations to provide special services to our customers. We will not release personal information about any individual visitors.
Reports of individual online usage may be provided upon request to the subscribing law firm or lawyer.
ICLE has contracted with a third-party provider, Higher Logic, to host the ICLE Community, provided as a service to ICLE Partners.
Higher Logic has promised that it will not share ICLE customer information with third parties.
ICLE uses Google Analytics to track response rates to ads on our site and overall statistics about computer usage on our site. This information is not linked to individual customer information.
Of course, ICLE may disclose personal information if legally required to do so or if necessary to comply with legal process served on ICLE, protect ICLE's rights or property; or take emergency action to protect the personal safety of users of the ICLE Web site or the public.
Links to other Sites
Visitors should be aware that when you are at ICLE's Web site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are hundreds of links to other sites from ICLE pages that take you outside our service. ICLE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. Always be aware of where you are at all times!
Your Information
If you give ICLE your contact information over this Web site, and you wish to have your information
removed or marked inactive (not for display) in ICLE's database, please send e-mail to icle@umich.edu.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by ICLE. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Contacting the Web Site
ICLE welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to icle@umich.edu.
Disclaimer
Our Web site
ICLE presents the information on this Web site as a service to our users. While the information on this site is about legal issues, it is not legal advice. Moreover, due to the rapidly changing nature of the law and our reliance on information provided by outside sources, we make no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content at this site or at other sites to which we link.
Our products
ICLE products are designed for practicing lawyers. While ICLE editorial staff edits and cite-checks books (but not materials used for courses) ICLE, its sponsoring organizations, and its executive committee and contributors make no warranties as to the accuracy of the information contained in those products, or its applicability to a particular client situation.
Using these products is not a substitute for the lawyer's
original legal research, analysis, and drafting.
Furthermore, ICLE's liability in connection with any claim shall not exceed the purchase price of the product, and ICLE shall not be liable for any direct, special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind arising in connection with the use of any ICLE product.
All ICLE products are copyrighted.
Top
Need Help?
Username or password
ICLE’s website on mobile devices
Online purchasing
More help
ICLE INFO
What we do
Who we are
Contributor directory
Policies
Terms and conditions
Quality assurance
Privacy statement and disclaimer
Help ICLE Help You
Give us feedback
Suggest a topic
Become a contributor
Contact Us
1020 Greene Street
Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1444
877-229-4350 | 734-764-0533
icle@umich.edu
M-F 8am-5pm
+ Need Help?
+ ICLE INFO
+ Policies
+ Help ICLE Help You
+ Contact Us
© 2020 by The Institute of Continuing Legal Education
© 2020 by The Institute of Continuing Legal Education