http://www.acalltobusiness.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy policy This Privacy Policy applies to information A Call to Business collects about individuals who interact with our organisation. It explains what personal information we collect and how we use it.   If you have any comments or questions about this policy, please contact us at aaron.goodwin@acalltobusiness.co.uk.
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.  It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data), and you can no longer be identified from it.
For the purposes of data protection legislation, ACTB is considered the “data controller” of personal data processed in connection with this Privacy Policy and is responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you. Our contact details are as follows:
Full name of legal entity: A Call to Business
Email address: aaron.goodwin@acalltobusiness.co.uk
Postal address: 20 St Dunstan’s Hill, London EC3R 8HL
It is important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date.  Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at aaron.goodwin@acalltobusiness.co.uk.
1.What information do we collect about you and what do we use it for?
The following table explains the types of data we collect, how it is collected and the legal basis, under current data protection legislation, on which this data is processed.
Purpose
Data (key elements)
Basis
Enquiring about our organisation and its work
Name, email, message
Legitimate interests - it is necessary for us to read and store your message so that we can respond in the way that you would expect
Subscribing to email updates about our work
Name, email
Consent - you have given your active consent
Making a donation
Name, email, address, payment information
Legitimate interests - this information is necessary for us to fulfil your intention of donating money and your expectation of receiving a confirmation message
Connectivity and other networking activities
Name, email, address, profession, skills, hobbies
Consent – you have given your specific consent for this information to be held on file and used to link you with opportunities to connect with like-minded people or to use your skills in mentoring
Website functionality
Website activity collected through cookies
Legitimate interests - it is necessary for us to store a small amount of information, usually through cookies, to deliver functionality that you would expect.
In addition, we may receive personal information about you from third parties, such as Stewardship or CAF if you choose to make a donation using these platforms, or from Virgin Money Giving or PayPal if you donate via our own website.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason which is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated new purpose we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing.
We may use your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, if we are required by law to do so or if we reasonably believe that it is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with judicial or regulatory proceedings, a court order or other legal process.
If you do not provide us with certain information when requested, we will not be able to keep you updated on our work, invite you to events, claim Gift Aid where appropriate etc.
Special categories of personal data
Certain categories of personal data, such as race, religion or health, are considered as “special categories” of personal data as they are more sensitive types of data. We do not routinely collect, store or use special categories of personal data. However, as noted in the table above, if you have specifically signed up to join our Connectivity and other networking activities the data you have shared will be recorded so that we can share the most relevant event invitations, updates and opportunities with you.  This data will be held only for the duration of your engagement with the network and will thereafter be deleted from our records.
Who do we share your information with?
We may share your personal data with third parties where this is required by law, where it is necessary to provide services to you or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so, for example:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services
Government bodies that require us to report processing activities
HMRC when we make gift aid claims
Event venues which require a guest list, food allergy information etc
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
How long will we retain your information?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
If you are on our mailing list (MailChimp) we will keep your data on MailChimp until you unsubscribe or otherwise request to be removed from the list. We may periodically ‘clean’ the mailing list of email addresses which ‘bounce back’ or subscribers who have not opened an email from us for a long time, in which case your data might be removed from the list as we would assume you were no longer interested in hearing from us.  You may, of course, re-subscribe at any time.
If you are a donor, the law requires us to keep basic information about you for tax purposes (including contact details, financial and transaction data) for six years after the date of your final donation.  We also have to keep financial records which may include some of your data (e.g. standing order mandates) for six years.
Your rights in relation to your information
You have a range of rights over your data, which include the following:
Where data processing is based on consent, you may revoke this consent at any time and we will make it as easy as possible for you to do this (for example by putting ‘unsubscribe’ links at the bottom of all our emails)
You have the right to ask for rectification and/or deletion of your information
You have the right of access to your information
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner if you feel your rights have been infringed
A full summary of your legal rights over your data can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website here: https://ico.org.uk/ (the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues).
If you would like to access the rights listed above, or any other legal rights you have over your data under current legislation, please contact aaron.goodwin@acalltobusiness.co.uk.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).  However, we should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request in order to speed up our response.
We aim to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.  Occasionally it may take longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
Cookies and usage tracking
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, e.g. remembering your preferences, counting the number of people looking at a website etc.
Where cookies are used to collect personal data, we list these purposes in section 1 above, along with other personal data that we collect. However, we also use some cookies that do not collect personal information but that do help us collect anonymous information about how people use our website. We use Google Analytics for this purpose.  Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information collected by Google Analytics about usage of our website is not personally identifiable. The data is collected anonymously, stored by Google and used by us to create reports about website usage. Google's privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and will publish the most current version on our website.  If a modification meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify people whose personal data we hold and is affected.
Third party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Find us
headquarters
A Call to Business
20 St Dunstan's Hill, LondonEC3R 8HL
call us
+44 (0) 20 7135 2490