https://www.globalcare.org/privacy-policy/
I want to help Privacy Policy in Brief
It’s important that you read the full policy to understand what information we hold, how we may use it, and what your rights are – but if you don’t have time to read it all now, here’s a quick summary:
We collect information that is personal data. Personal data is information that can be used to help identify an individual, such as name, address, phone number, email address, IP addresses or website pages accessed.
We collect information about everyone who engages with Global Care. This could be supporters, subscribers, customers, those who participate in our programmes or events, donors, volunteers, freelancers, authors, illustrators, employees or trustees.
We collect information to provide services or goods, to provide information, to fundraise for our work, to resource our activities and fulfil our charitable objectives and for administration. This information may also be used for research, analysis, and for the prevention or detection of crime.
We only collect the information that we need or that you agree we can collect.
We take precautions to keep personal information secure wherever we collect personal data online.
We never sell your data and we will never share it with another company or charity for their own purposes.
We only share data where we are required by law or with carefully selected service providers who carry out work for us. We recognise the importance of ensuring that all our service providers treat your data as carefully as we would, use it only as instructed, and allow us to check that they do this.
Our website uses cookies. For more information, please check our cookies policy.
These are the key points of the privacy policy. You will find the policy in full below, so you’ve got all the details you need.
Privacy Policy in Full
This policy applies to our website, our use of emails and postal mailings for marketing purposes, and any other methods we use for collecting information. It covers what we collect and why, what we do with the information, what we won’t do with the information, and what rights you have.
Who are we?
What information do we collect and where do we collect it from?
How do we use personal data?
Do we sell or share personal information?
Storing your information
What is our legal basis for processing data?
Who has access to your personal information for processing data and how do we keep it safe?
How long do we keep your data for?
What are your rights?
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Who are we?
Global Care is a registered international Christian children’s charity. For 35 years we have pioneered initiatives supporting the most vulnerable children and young people in Africa, Eastern Europe, Asia and Central America. We rely on churches, schools, individuals and families, through fundraising and sponsorship, to help us develop new and existing projects. We aim to support the poorest and most vulnerable children and young people, through education, vocational training, feeding and welfare care. Global Care’s charity registration number is 1054008.
Global Care is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) as a data controller, registration number Z6472188.
Global Care’s registered address is 2 Dugdale Road, Radford, Coventry CV6 1PB.
For further information about our privacy policy and data protection, please contact us by:
emailing info@globalcare.org
writing to us at our registered address
calling us on 030 030 21 030
Back to menu
What information do we collect and where do we collect it from?
We will only ever collect the information we need – including data to help improve our services – or which you agree we can collect.
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify you. For example, it can include information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, bank account details, credit/debit card details, and whether you are a taxpayer so that we can claim Gift Aid on any donations you may make. It also includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses (the location of the computer on the internet), details of pages visited on our website and files downloaded.
We collect information in the following ways:
Information that you give us directly
We collect this information in connection with specific activities, for example, when you use our website or printed forms or telephone our offices to:
make a donation to us
register for an event
create an account on our website
engage with our social media
sign up for our email newsletters
complete a survey, questionnaire or feedback form
or otherwise provide us with personal information
Please note: You don’t have to disclose any of this information to browse our website. However, if you choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
Information that you give us indirectly
Your information may be shared with us by fundraising sites like BT MyDonate or JustGiving. These independent third parties will only do so when you have indicated that you wish to support Global Care and with your consent.
Information that we collect from your use of our website
Website usage information is collected using cookies. This helps us to see how many people use our website, how many people visit on a regular basis, and how popular individual pages are. Cookies are also essential to our website running correctly and delivering goods and services to users. For more information, please see our cookies policy.
As is industry practice, we use website logs to monitor the usage of our website, and to detect and investigate security events. Website logs include your IP address. Website logs are retained for up to 2 months.
Information from public sources
We may combine information you provide to us with information available from public sources or records in order to gain a better understanding of our supporters and those who engage with us. This helps us to improve our fundraising methods, resources and programmes. Such information may be found in places such as Companies House and information that has been published online and in print.
Sensitive/special categories of data
Data Protection law recognises that certain categories of personal information are more sensitive. This is known as sensitive personal data or special categories of data and covers health information, race and ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs and political opinions amongst other things.
We do not collect sensitive personal information about you unless there is a clear reason for doing so, such as involvement in an event where we need this information to ensure safeguarding, to carry out appropriate checks on volunteers or job seekers, or care for participants. For some events or trips we will collect health information so that leaders on our events have the relevant information to care for participants. For overseas volunteer trips we will collect information regarding religious beliefs; this is to assess whether volunteers are happy to take part in daily Christian devotions whilst overseas.
Where you provide personal data and sensitive personal data when applying for a job with us, such as the information on your CV, we will process, store and disclose the personal data we collect to:
Support the recruitment process
Enable you to submit your CV, apply online for jobs and to subscribe for alerts about job types of interest to you
Answer any questions you may have
Use third parties to provide services such as references, qualifications, criminal referencing, checking services, verification of information you have provided, health screening and psychometric evaluation or skills tests
Provide anonymised data to monitor compliance with our equal opportunities policy
Where you provide personal or sensitive personal data, such as dietary, mobility requirements or health information, to volunteer or travel on a trip with us we will store, process and disclose the personal information we collect to:
Deliver the volunteering opportunity, including the disclosure of sensitive data, such as medical information, to our partner(s) where necessary to deliver a safe trip or event for all involved
Provide information including fundraising materials as we promised in the ‘what we will do?’ section or equivalent of the volunteer role description
Provide the administration of these events or opportunities to serve
Monitor the quality of the volunteering opportunity or trip provided
Answer any questions or feedback you may have
Provide anonymised data to monitor compliance with our equal opportunities policy
When we collect this information, we will make it clear to you what we are collecting and why and what are our legitimate interests or other legal grounds for processing this information.
Under 16s/under 13s
If you are aged 16 or under and would like to participate in an event, make a donation or get involved with us, please make sure that you have your parent or guardian’s permission before giving us your personal information.
When we collect information about a child or young person, we will make it clear why we are collecting this information and how it will be used.
Children from 13 upwards may give their own consent in relation to any donations made online or signing up for information online.
Back to menu
How do we use personal data?
We may use the personal data that you provide in the following ways:
to process any donation(s) we may receive from you, to claim Gift Aid on these donations and to update you on how your donations are being used
to process event bookings
to set up direct debits, standing orders and one-off card payments
to confirm church bookings
to provide you with information that you have requested about our work or our activities
to communicate with supporters
to record the contact that we have with you
to provide you with information about Global Care and how you can support our work as a charity (where you have consented to receiving this information as applicable)
to invite you to participate in surveys or research
for administration purposes, e.g. we may contact you about a donation you have made or event you have expressed an interest in or registered for
for internal record keeping, such as the management of feedback or complaints
to notify you about changes to our services
to analyse and improve the services we offer
to analyse the use of our website and ensure their content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device (see also our cookies policy)
to further our legitimate charitable aims such as sending you information about how donations are being used or sending you an annual report
You can choose at any time which marketing materials you want to receive from Global Care and in which format. If there is something you would prefer not to receive, please email donor.relations@globalcare.org or write to our Donor Development Officer at Global Care 2 Dugdale Road, Radford, Coventry, CV6 1PB or call us on 030 030 21 030
Global Care’s website and cookies
Like many organisations, we use cookies to help us make our website – and the way you use them – work better and to track information about how people are using them. For more information, see our cookies policy.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics and other services to collect information about how our website is used. These help us to know how often users visit our website, what pages they visit when they do so, and how they use our content online.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites belonging to third parties and we sometimes choose to participate in social networking websites including, but not limited to, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
We may also include content from websites such as these on our website. However, we do not have any control over the privacy practices of these other websites. You should make sure when you leave our website that you have read and understood the other website’s privacy policy in addition to our own.
Back to menu
Do we sell or share personal information?
We employ other companies and individuals to perform data processing functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. We require these third parties to comply strictly with our instructions and data protection laws and will make sure that appropriate controls are in place.
We employ companies to help us deliver events. If we run an event in collaboration with such an organisation, your details may need to be shared with them to help us deliver the event. We will make it clear what will happen to your data when you register.
We do share data where we are under a legal obligation to do so (e.g. Gift Aid audits by HMRC) or in order to enforce or apply our rights (including in relation to our website or other applicable terms and conditions) or to protect Global care (for example in cases of suspected fraud or defamation).
Back to menu
Storing your information
We place great importance on the security of all personal data associated with our subscribers and supporters. We do make use of external companies to process personal data on our behalf. When we do so, we carry out checks on these companies, put in place contracts which makes security explicit, and carry out periodic reviews.
Information is stored by Global Care on secure servers at our offices, off-site and in the Cloud. We may also store information in paper files.
We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal data under our control. For example, only authorised personnel are able to access personal information, we ensure access to information is password protected or secured via locked filing cabinets and we encrypt financial information you input before it is sent to us.
While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur while it is under our control, we use our best efforts to try to prevent this.
Any sensitive or special categories of data you may provide to us are only shared on an absolute need to know basis, and are deleted after each relevant event unless we need to keep that information for a longer period e.g. for safeguarding reasons.
We enforce strict procedures and security features to protect your information and prevent unauthorised access, although we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.
Where you or we have provided a password enabling you to access parts of our website or use our services, it is your responsibility to keep this password confidential. Please don’t share your password with anyone. If you think anyone else has gained access to your password, please let us know as soon as possible.
Sensitive/special categories of data
If you provide us with sensitive/special categories of personal data including, but not limited to, your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or your physical or mental health, we will only use this for the specific purpose for which you gave permission and where it is within our legitimate interests to process or where we have other legal grounds to do so.
Back to menu
What is our legal basis for processing data?
We rely on a variety of legal bases for processing data depending on the purpose of the activity being undertaken.
We rely on your expressed consent for the following purposes:
mailing: Global Care News, Event Information, Appeals and Global Care Prayer Focus
for all the email newsletters delivered. Every email newsletter you receive provides a clear opportunity for you to opt out of/unsubscribe from future email newsletters
We use legitimate interests for some purposes. Legitimate interest is about balancing the interests of Global Care against your rights and freedoms, and having due regard to your reasonable expectations about the use of your data. These purposes include:
thanking (either by mail or telephone) those of you who have made a financial gift
Sending you your sponsored child’s letters, reports and photos, and/or project update
Sending you information about an event you have signed up for
We use compliance with a legal obligation as the basis for processing any legally required activities such as Gift Aid returns to HMRC.
Back to menu
Who has access to your personal information for processing data and how do we keep it safe?
We maintain a high level of security in relation to the collection, storage and disclosure of your information. This is very important to us and we take all necessary steps to ensure that any information we hold about you is safe (see section – Storing you information).
Transferring your information outside of Europe
Although most of the information we store and process stays within the UK, some information may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
This may occur if, for example, if we use a cloud IT platform where data is dispersed between a number of different servers. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. However, we will ensure that your privacy continues to be protected as outlined in this privacy policy and in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable data protection legislation.
By submitting your personal information to us you agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside the EEA.
If you have engaged with us from outside the EEA, your information may also be processed by volunteers operating outside the EEA, for example if you engage with one of our programmes from a country outside the EEA and we pass your details to a national coordinator to provide you with advice and support.
Payment by credit or debit card
If you use your credit or debit card to donate to us, buy something or pay online or over the phone, we will ensure that this is done securely and in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. Find out more information about PCI DSS standards by visiting their website at www.pcisecuritystandards.org.
Only those staff authorised to process payments will be able to see your card details. Once your transaction is completed, we do not store your full credit or debit card details.
All transactions online are processed by WorldPay, PayPal, Elavon and GoCardless, and all card transactions processed offline are through WorldPay.
We hold bank account details for the purpose of collecting direct debits in accordance with direct debit mandate rules.
Back to menu
How long do we keep your data for?
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is needed to fulfil the function for which we hold the data or as long as is required by law for the relevant activity. For example, HMRC requires us to keep a record of donations, Gift Aid and financial transactions for seven years.
If you request that we stop sending you marketing or fundraising information, we will keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us.
Legacy income is vital to the running of the charity. We may keep data you provide to us until 24 months after a legacy gift is received, or until we are notified that Global Care is not a beneficiary from the estate, to carry out legacy administration and communicate effectively with the families of people leaving us legacies. This also enables us to identify and analyse the source of legacy income we receive.
Where your information is no longer required we will ensure that it is disposed of in a secure manner.
Information will only be kept as long as is necessary for the purposes for which you provided it or we obtained it and will be minimised to ensure we only keep what is necessary.
Back to menu
What are your rights?
We’d like to keep all who engage with Global Care up to date with our progress. So, to update you on what we’re doing and ask whether you are able to support us, we’d like to keep in touch with you (by post, phone, email, text and other electronic means) about our progress and how you can continue to help us in this important mission.
We will not use your information for marketing or fundraising purposes if you have asked us not to or we do not have your permission to use it for these purposes. (In certain circumstances we must obtain your permission before we contact you for marketing or fundraising purposes.) However, we will retain your basic details on a suppression list to help ensure that we do not continue to contact you.
Although we will seek your positive consent to send information to you via email, if you choose to receive one of our email newsletters every email communication will provide a clear opportunity for you to opt out of/unsubscribe from future email communications.
The Data Protection Act and the upcoming General Data Protection Regulation give you certain rights over your data and how we use it. You have the right to:
request a copy of the information we hold about you and details of what we do with that information (known as a subject access request) to be supplied without undue delay, and at the latest within one month
update or amend the information we hold about you if it is wrong within a month
change your communication preferences at any time
withdraw your consent to use of your personal information where we are relying on consent as the legal ground for processing it
ask us to remove your personal information from our records and inform any third parties
ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information and inform any third parties
obtain a portable copy of certain personal information where this is processed automatically without undue delay, and at the latest within a month
object to the processing of your information for marketing purposes
raise a concern or complaint about the way in which your information is being used
ask us to explain any automated processing or profiling we carry out and the impact of this on you
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact our Donor Development Officer in writing at Global Care, 2 Dugdale Road, Radford, Coventry or by emailing donor.relations@globalcare.org
If we are not sure who you are, we may ask for reasonable proof of your identity before providing you with information or carrying out any of the above actions.
Complaints, compliments or comments
If you are unhappy with our work or something that we have done or failed to do, we want to know about it. We also welcome your views on what we do well. Your comments enable us as an organisation to learn and continuously improve our services. You can get in touch by contacting our Donor Development Officer in writing at Global Care, 2 Dugdale Road, Radford, Coventry or by emailing donor.relations@globalcare.org or calling 030 030 21 030.
If you wish to raise a data protection concern or complaint with a supervisory body, you can address a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office. For more information, visit www.ico.org.uk.
Back to menu
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We keep this policy under regular review. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, we will make this clear on our website or by contacting you directly.
Details of the sections of the policy that have been changed will be noted here.
You do not have to agree to any changes if these are not compatible with the initial purposes for which you provided or we collected your data.
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of 12th April 2018.
Back to menu