http://www.cana.net.au/privacy_policy
about
Contact
our members
Our Team
CANA Privacy Policy
Short form Privacy Policy, incorporating legislative amendments which take effect as at 12 March 2014.
Climate Action Network Australia (CANA) respects and is committed to protecting your privacy. It is a network that supports the Australian community to take actions to protect people at home and abroad from climate change, to safeguard our unique natural environment, and to build a fairer, climate-resilient economy for everyone. CANA is an entity set up as a network for the climate movement in Australia and we reserve the right to pass information back to our members. Click here to see a list of network members.
This privacy statement sets out the way we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information.
By visiting our website, signing a petition or a campaign appeal, applying for employment with us, making a donation or otherwise providing us with your personal information, you consent to your personal information (including your sensitive information) being collected, used and disclosed as set out in this Privacy Statement.This Privacy Statement is available online and hard copies are available free of charge on reasonable request.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, concerns or complaints about what is explained here or about our privacy practices, please let us know. We will do our best to address and resolve any issues you have. You can contact us by sending an e-mail to: info@cana.net.au
What personal information we collect
We collect personal information about individuals including members, supporters, volunteers, donors, employees, contractors, job applicants and other people with whom CANA or a third party has contact with in connection with CANA’s activities.
The personal information which we collect and hold generally includes your name, address, date of birth and contact details (such as your phone number, fax number and email address), payment card details, and other information about you such as your interests and your opinions on environmental issues. We also use “cookies” to track visits to our website; you can usually disable cookies in your internet browser settings.
You do not have to provide us with your personal information. However if you do not provide us with your personal information, it will be difficult for us to contact you. Without your personal information, we may not for example, be able to issue you with a receipt, offer you employment, or provide you with more information about our work.
We may also collect and hold sensitive information. For example, in the course of your engagement with us, we might collect information about your philosophical or political views. This is because we are curious about what makes you passionate about environment and sustainability issues. Knowing your values or your opinions helps us communicate with you better.
In any event we will only collect sensitive information directly from you and by providing it to us you consent to us collecting, using or disclosing it as specified in this Privacy Statement or as otherwise authorised by law.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information you provide to us directly, for example, in person, over the phone, by email, via our website or by completing our online or hard copy petition forms to take action in particular campaigns we may be running. We may also collect your personal information through the use of commercial service providers who, for example, might conduct fundraising activities on our behalf.
We may also collect your personal information from publicly available sources or third parties (including social media and via the use of cookies on our website). For example, you might consent to being on marketing list and this list might be obtained by us.
We will only collect personal information by lawful and fair means, and when possible we will always collect personal information from your directly. If it is not reasonable or practicable to collect it directly from you, we will take steps to make you aware that your information has been collected.
Use of personal information
We will use your information as you would expect. We only collect personal information about you if that information is necessary for any of the following purposes:
notifying you about our activities and campaigns and inviting your participation
fundraising
seeking and servicing members and donors
supporter research
measuring the effectiveness of our campaigns
identifying environment breaches and highlighting environmental and sustainability concerns
forging corporate and professional alliances and supporting likeminded organisations to achieve environmental and sustainability outcomes
educating the community about issues of environmental significance and sustainability
improving our website
recruiting staff, Board and Council members and volunteers
responding to your comments or questions and receiving feedback
any other purposes identified at the time of collecting your information.
We will only collect your personal information when the information is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities as set out above.
If we also obtain your sensitive information, we will only use your sensitive information (such as your philosophical or political beliefs) for the purposes listed above, or other directly related purposes or purposes to which you otherwise consent.
We (and our service providers) sometimes use overseas or cloud storage facilities, but this does not change our commitment to safeguard your privacy.
Disclosure of personal information
Any personal information you provide to us may be disclosed, if appropriate, to companies who provide services on our behalf, such as mail, database, telephone, digital services, audit, professional advice, payment processing and research services. We may also disclose your personal information to our volunteers who assist with many of our tasks. We may also disclose your information to like-minded organisations that also wish to achieve environmental and sustainability outcomes. CANA is an entity set up as a network for the climate movement in Australia and we reserve the right to pass information back to our members. Click here to see a list of network members.
We expect our service providers to also look after your information carefully. We have confidentiality agreements in place with many of our service providers and external agencies, and with staff and volunteers who handle personal information that we provide to them. We will only disclose your personal information for the purposes for which it was initially collected, other directly related purposes or purposes to which you otherwise consent.
Other than as stated above we will we not share your personal information. However, it is possible, though unlikely, that we might be forced to disclose personal information in response to legal process or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, for example, in response to a court order, subpoena or a law enforcement agency's request.
Keeping your information secure
We take steps that are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up to date. To help us, please advise us of any changes to your personal information to help us maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date information.
We will also take commercially reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, interference (including computer attacks) and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
If we no longer need your information, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify it (unless we are required to retain it by law or a court/tribunal order).
Anonymity and Psuedonymity
When it is not impracticable or unlawful, you are welcome to interact with us without identifying yourself, or by using a pseudonym. For example, donations made to us can be made anonymously.
Access and correction
We will, on request, provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you unless otherwise required or permitted by law. We will notify you of the basis for any denial of access to your personal information.
To request access to your personal information or, if you wish to update or correct your personal information, please contact us via the contact details provided on this page.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about a breach of our privacy policy or the Australian Privacy Principles you can contact us using the contact details on this page. You will need to provide us with sufficient details regarding your complaint as well as any supporting evidence and/or information. We will refer your complaint to our Privacy Officer who will investigate the issue and determine the steps that we will undertake to resolve your complaint.
If you are not satisfied with our determination, you can contact us to discuss your concerns or complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) via www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints.
Review and revisions to privacy policy
Our Privacy Statement and Policy will be reviewed regularly and updated as necessary from time to time. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically for changes.
This Privacy Statement was last updated in October 2015