http://www.floridamedicaidlawyer.com/index.php/privacy-policy.html
Special Interest
Crisis Planning
Income Trust
Special Needs
Privacy Policy
This is the Web site of Senior Management Group LLC. a Medicaid Annuity Provider, Our postal address is:
17506 Brighton Avenue Unit D
Port Charlotte, Florida 33954
You can reach us by e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
General Policy.  Senior Management Group LLC respects your expectation of privacy as you visitwww.floridamedicaid.com. Accordingly, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you specifically give it to us, in which case we will hold that information in confidence.
However, the fact that you visited us is tracked for statistical purposes but not in a way that can be used to personally identify you. We log:
Your domain (such as "aol.com" or "abc.net" – not your email address)
When your visit occurred and its duration,
The pages you visited,
The type of browser and operating system in your computer, and
The link (if any) that brought you to our site.
Senior Management Group LLC aggregates this information to measure how our site is being used so we can improve its content.
"Cookies." Our cookies are simply random data tags that identify each visitor as a distinct unnamed user. By tracking where cookies show up on our site, we can determine what content people prefer and where to put things to make them easy to find.
A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, tell us your email address, or pass on a virus. If your browser is set to reject cookies, it should not affect site performance.
Personal Information You Provide to Us.
We DO NOT sell, rent or share your personal information with any other person for any reason that is not directly related to SMG, LLC’s products or services.
We may also alert you (by USPS or email) about new products, special offers, or upcoming events in your area. Although most customers tell us they appreciate receiving notice of these opportunities, we believe the choice should be yours. If at any time you want us to stop, just let us know by sending us an email to the above address. In addition, all email offers you receive from Senior Management Group LLC will tell you how to decline further email offers.
Applications for Employment. We collect your contact information, applicable experience and contact instructions through an online form. The data is stored in a restricted database at SMG, LLC for ten months, at which time it is deleted.
Children. Although this web site is not intended to be used by children under age 13, Senior Management Group LLC fully supports protecting the privacy needs of children and encourages parents to actively participate in their children’s online activities and interests. For information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, visit the Federal Trade Commission web site: http://www.ftc.gov.
Changes to this Policy. As we continue to develop our Web site and take advantage of technologies to better serve you, this policy statement may change. We therefore encourage you to check back with us periodically so you understand our current privacy policy. If you have any concerns, feel free to contact us at any time.
Security. Senior Management Group LLC takes all appropriate steps to keep your personal information confidential. Those steps include limiting access to the database, establishing penalties for violating this policy, and enforcing those penalties. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of the information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links. Senior Management Group LLC provides links to other Web sites solely as a convenience to you. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site. We have not reviewed these other sites, do not have any control over or responsibility for their content or privacy policies. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to our site, you do so at your own risk.
Your Consent. By using this Web site, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time without advance notice.
HomeStart here
Find An Attorney
Medicaid Applications
Medicaid ICP Program
Florida Diagnostic Tools
Main link
ICP Calculator
Qualified Income Cacluator
Spousal Calculator
VA Aid Planning
Planning
VA Aid & Attendance
VA Assisted Living
BlogDavid's Blog
Archives
Featured Medicaid Attorney David L. Orosz
Medicaid ICP Info
Income Rules
Asset Rules
Transfer Rules
Medicaid Planning
Medicaid & Homestead
Advance Planning
Common Mistakes
2015 Medicaid Numbers
Pre
Planning
Last Will & Testament
Living Trusts & Medicaid
Durable Power of Attorney
Living Will
Health Care Surrogate
Annuities & Medicaid
Long Term Care Insurance
Special Needs Trust
Personal Injury Attorney
ADMIN     FloridaMedicaid
About Us
Legal
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Go to top