http://www.ywampublishing.com/t-privacy.aspx
Checkout
View Cart (0)
(0)
Questions? Call us 1-800-922-2143 or Email Us
Login
My Account
My Downloads
Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping / Returns
Social Media
Toggle navigation
Shop All Categories
Hero Biographies
Outreach Projects
Heroes Series - Bonus Material
International Adventures Series
Homeschooling
Missions
New Releases Upcoming Releases
E-book/MP3 Downloadables
Audiobooks (CD)
YWAM's Top 40
Christian Living
Children & Teens
Music & Worship (Books) Fiction
Libros En Español - Spanish
Books in Other Languages
Meet Our Authors
Current Super Sale Flyer
Prison Donation Project
Mix & Match Specials
Current Sale Flyer
Outreach Projects
YWAM Publishing is committed to protecting your privacy. That’s because we base our business on the trust you place in us. The information we collect is gathered to ensure secure ordering and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. You can help us ensure your privacy by not sharing your user name or password with anyone. See below for detailed information about how we protect your personal information. If you have any concerns, comments or complaints, be sure to let us know by calling us at 1-800-922-2143 or e-mail books@ywampublishing.com
Information Collection and Use
YWAM Publishing is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill the customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect user information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees are kept up to date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to books@ywampublishing.com
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by calling or e-mailing our Customer Support.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Account
My Account
My Downloads
My Wishlist
Login
Customer Service
Contact Us
Affiliates
Store Policies & Info
Shipping
Returns
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Security
Helpful Links
About Us
Site Map
Payment Methods
© 2020. All Rights Reserved.
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty.
Total:
$0.00
Close
Move all to Cart
Loading...