https://www.dmo.gov.uk/terms-of-use/cookie-policy/
Cookie Disclaimer
This site uses cookies. An explanation of their purpose can be found within our Cookie Policy. To comply with EU regulations, please confirm your consent to their use by clicking continue. After consenting, you will not see this message again.
Continue
Home
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
COOKIES
The DMO puts small text files (known as cookies) onto your computer to collect information about how you use the site to ensure our website works properly and behaves as you would expect and to understand how we can improve the site for the benefit of all our visitors.
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use this site. Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on the site
how long you spend on each of the pages
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.
We don’t allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
Other cookies used by this site are classified as ‘strictly necessary’ under the relevant regulations[i] as these ensure that, for instance, searches are returned to you because a randomly generated number has been assigned to create a unique session for you.  Our website would not work without them.
Google Analytics
Name
Purpose
Duration
_utma
This lets us know if you’ve visited before, so we can count how many of our visitors are new to the site or to a certain page
2 years
_utmb
This works with _utmc to calculate the average length of time you spend on the site
30 minutes
_utmc
This works with _utmb to calculate when you close your browser
when you close your browser
_utmz
This tells us how you reached the site (for example from another website or a search engine)
6 months
For more information on cookies visit AboutCookies.org and to learn how to opt out of Google Analytics go to Google tools.
[i] Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011.