http://www.moravianseminary.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Sidebar Menu
Home
About
Admissions
Academics
Alumni
Giving
Moravian Studies
News
Graduation 2020
Graduation Awards 2020
Seminary Newsletters
Breadcrumb
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Moravian College & Theological Seminary at www.moravianseminary.edu or secure.moravian.edu. Moravian exercises care and prudence in the handling of personal information collected via www.moravianseminary.edu and secure.moravian.edu, and conducts its business in ways that demonstrate respect for personal privacy. This privacy statement applies only to the www.moravianseminary.edu and secure.moravian.edu domain, and not to internal and external websites that might be linked to it, including but not limited to amos.moravian.edu and blackboard.moravian.edu. This policy protects no portion of sites connecting from www.moravianseminary.edu and secure.moravian.edu.
How We Collect Information
Our policy is to collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our Web sites unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us. However, our web servers do automatically recognize some non-personal information such as volume and timing of access as well as the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our sites.
Moravian collects personal information through on-line data entry forms. We collect only the information necessary to process and fulfill an e-commerce transaction, and to notify you of your order status. Typically, this information includes name, phone number, e-mail address, delivery address, and credit card number and expiration date. Moravian’s website neither markets to persons who are less than 13 years of age nor knowingly collects personal information online from them.
If you choose to share personal information with us, we will not sell that information to commercial entities. Please note that most student information is kept confidential pursuant to federal and state regulations.
How We Use Information
We use the information you submit to provide you with the product or service you requested, consistent with the purpose for which the information was collected.
We may also generate summary statistics about the volume, variety, timing and other characteristics of our web traffic in general, but such statistics do not contain personally identifiable information.
Moravian may use collected information to communicate with you regarding future offerings or opportunities in which we feel you may be interested. If you do not wish to receive these communications, please e-mail us at seminarywebmaster@moravian.edu.
We do not share, trade, or sell personal information to third parties.
Security Policy
Moravian follows industry-standard precautions and procedures in the transmission and storage of electronic data. Moravian’s web site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to process secure information. By using this technology, online customers can feel confident that their personal information is protected from interception by any third party. Sensitive credit card information is not permanently stored on any Moravian web server and though your order information is retained for our records, this information is not shared with other companies or persons.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to revise our privacy policy as changing circumstances and evolving technology standards require. Visitors are encouraged to check this document periodically to stay informed of current privacy and security guidelines.
Accuracy of Information
All information provided on the official Moravian website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between the institution and any other person or entity otherwise specified. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, Moravian makes no guarantees of any kind. Information on www.moravianseminary.edu is subject to change without prior notice.
Acceptance of Terms
By using any of the Moravian web site(s), you signify your acceptance of our privacy policy. Your continued use of any Moravian site following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
You are not required to provide personal information to visit our website. If you choose to provide personal information such as your e-mail address, home address, and phone number, Moravian College & Theological Seminary may contact you. If you receive unwanted contacts and wish to be excluded from future such contacts, please inform us at the address below, specifying the source and providing a description of the unwanted materials. We will notify the appropriate office accordingly.
For More Information
If you have questions about our privacy or security policies, or have ideas about improving our policies, please feel free to e-mail us at webmaster@moravian.edu.
Or via regular mail at:
Web Manager
Moravian College
1200 Main Street
Bethlehem PA 18018