http://www.gtclawgroup.com/terms
Home / Terms
GTC LAW GROUP PC & AFFILIATES
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Last modified: May 24, 2018
The following terms, conditions and disclaimers (“Terms of Use”), and the related Privacy Policy, apply to your use of and access to the website gtclawgroup.com and any other websites, data rooms, file sharing platforms or mobile applications owned or controlled by GTC Law Group PC & Affiliates (collectively, the “Site”).  If the Site is offered via a third party platform, website, application or service, then the terms and privacy policy of such third party also apply.
For GTC clients, these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy are in addition to the terms and conditions of any engagement letter or agreement between you and GTC and does not limit your rights or remedies under such letter or agreement.
The Site is provided for informational purposes only and does not create an attorney-client relationship or constitute a solicitation or legal advice on any subject matter and should not be construed as legal advice on any subject matter.  No recipient of content from the Site, whether a client of GTC or otherwise, should act or refrain from acting on the basis of any content included in or accessed from the Site without seeking the appropriate legal or other professional advice on the particular facts and circumstances at issue from an attorney licensed in the recipient’s state or country. The Site contains general information and may not reflect current legal developments, laws or regulations. GTC Law Group PC & Affiliates (“GTC” or “we”) expressly disclaim all liability in respect to actions taken or not taken based on any or all the content of the Site.  Any prior results described on the Site do not guarantee a similar outcome.
The jurisdictions in which GTC lawyers are licensed to practice law are indicated within each lawyer’s biography on the Site.
Use of the Site and/or communication with GTC or any of its attorneys, personnel or agents via email or through the Site does not, by itself, create an attorney-client relationship or obligate GTC in any way, including without limitation to represent, employ or contact you, regardless of the content of such transmission.  Any information sent to GTC via email through the Site may not be secure and is done on a non-confidential basis.  Existing clients should email their contact(s) at GTC directly versus through the Site.
The Site may be considered Attorney Advertising under applicable rules.
To unsubscribe from advertising and marketing materials from GTC, email gtclawgroup@gtclawgroup.com and include “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line.
Use of the Site is only authorized for lawful purposes and in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
The following provisions apply to the extent permitted under applicable law:
These Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any conflicts of law rules.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST GTC OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy or your use of the Site, including, but not limited to, the arbitrability of the matter or the enforceability, interpretation, scope, applicability, termination or breach of the Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, shall be referred to and finally determined by arbitration in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures or JAMS International Arbitration Rules, if the matter is deemed “international” within the meaning of that term as defined in the JAMS International Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS before a sole arbitrator in Boston, Massachusetts. If the JAMS International Arbitration Rules apply, the language to be used in the arbitral proceedings will be English. Judgment upon the arbitral award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. This section shall apply to, and require arbitration of, all disputes, controversies and claims, regardless of whether such disputes, controversies or claims concern a single individual, entity or other person, multiple individuals, entities or other people or classes of individuals, entities or other people. You hereby consent to receive service of process by electronic means or social media to the extent allowed by the applicable federal or state court. This constitutes consent in writing as contemplated in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 5(b)(2)(E) and any applicable state (or other jurisdiction) equivalent.
To the extent that the arbitration provision above is, for any reason, not enforceable, you agree that any dispute or claim relating to or arising out of these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy or your use of the Site shall be resolved in the state or federal courts, as applicable, located in the City of Boston or Suffolk County, Massachusetts.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us by e-mail at gtclawgroup@gtclawgroup.com or writing us at:
ATTN:  Managing Shareholder
GTC Law Group PC & Affiliates
One University Ave., Ste. 302B
Westwood, MA 02090
Please include sufficient information so that we can respond appropriately.
Unless otherwise indicated, all Site contents are:
Copyright 2018 GTC Law Group PC & Affiliates.  All rights reserved.