http://www.afdb.org/en/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Cookies & Privacy PolicyGlossary
You are hereHome / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Use of this Site constitutes agreement with the following terms and conditions:
The AfDB Web Site
1. The African Development Bank (AfDB) provides the information, documents, photographs, video clips and other materials (collectively, "Materials") contained in this web site (the "Site") as a courtesy to those who may choose to access the Site ("Users"). Materials presented herein are for informative purposes only.
2. AfDB administers this Site for itself and on behalf of the African Development Fund (ADF) and the Nigeria Trust Fund (NTF) (collectively referred to as the AfDB Group). All Material on this Site is subject to these terms and conditions. Unless otherwise provided, any reference in the present terms and conditions to “AfDB” includes the ADF and NTF.
3. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the findings, interpretations and conclusions expressed in the Materials in this Site are those of the various authors of the work and are not necessarily those of the AfDB or ADF Management, Boards of Directors, Boards of Governors or the countries they represent.
Disclaimers
4. Use of this Site is at User's sole risk. Materials provided on this Site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. AfDB specifically does not make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy, completeness, reliability or current validity of any such Materials. AfDB periodically adds, changes, improves, or updates the Materials on this Site without notice. Under no circumstances including, but not limited to, negligence, shall AfDB be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered which is claimed to result directly or indirectly from use of this Site.
5. This Site may contain advice, opinions, and statements of various information and content providers. AfDB does not represent or endorse the accuracy, completeness, reliability or current validity of any advice, opinion, statement or other information provided by any information or content provider, or any User of this Site or other person or entity. Reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, or other information shall also be at your own risk.
Links to Third-party Web Sites
6. This Site contains links to third-party web sites. The linked sites are not under the control of AfDB and AfDB is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. AfDB provides these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by AfDB.
Linking to the AfDB Site
7. Generally, Internet web sites may link to the Site without seeking the permission of AfDB. However, such links must clearly identify AfDB as the source of the information displayed and preserve the integrity of AfDB web pages without alteration.
Public Forum
8. If this Site contains bulletin boards, chat rooms, access to mailing lists or other message or communication facilities (collectively, "Forums"), User agrees to use the Forums only to send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Forum. By way of example, and not as a limitation, User agrees that when using a Forum, User shall not do any of the following:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information.
Upload or attach files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload or attach files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels in any file that is uploaded.
Falsify the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Advertise or offer to sell any goods or services, or conduct or forward surveys, contests, or chain letters. Download any file posted by another user of a Forum that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
9. User acknowledges that all Forums or Discussion Groups are public and not private communications. Further, User acknowledges that chats, postings, conferences, e-mails and other communications by other users are not endorsed by AfDB, and such communications shall not be considered reviewed, screened, or approved by AfDB. AfDB reserves the right for any reason to remove without notice any contents of the Forums received from Users, including without limitation e-mail and bulletin board postings.
Copyright
10. All Materials that appear on the Site are the exclusive property of AfDB or of its content providers, unless otherwise indicated. AfDB encourages Users to print, download, or copy Material from the Site exclusively for personal and non-commercial use. Users may not resell, redistribute or create derivative works for commercial purposes without the express, written consent of AfDB.
11. For copyright permission, please contact dai@afdb.org.
Preservation of Immunities
12. Nothing herein shall constitute or be considered to be a limitation upon or a waiver of the privileges and immunities of AfDB, which are specifically reserved.
Scam emails falsely implying association with the AfDB
13. If you are a victim or have any doubts about the authenticity of an email, letter or phone call purportedly from, for or on behalf of the AfDB, do not respond to the email and please email us at security@afdb.org. The AfDB is actively trying to put a halt to these misleading practices, and we continuously pursue criminal activity with the assistance of multiple international security organizations in order to protect the AfDB. We greatly appreciate your help in bringing suspect communications to our attention at the following addresses:
AfDB Cyber Crime Email Reporting: security@afdb.org
AfDB Cyber Crime Phone:  +225 20 26 1111
AfDB Cyber Crime Address: African Development Bank, Security Unit, 01 BP 1387 Abidjan 01, Cote d’Ivoire
Various scam and advance fee fraud emails purporting or implying to be from or associated with the African Development Bank, the African Development Fund or the Nigeria Trust Fund (collectively the “ADB” or “AfDB”) are circulating on the Internet.
Some of these emails request detailed information and/or money from individuals, businesses or non-profit organizations with the promise that they will receive funds or other benefits in return. These are advance fee fraud criminal activities. Other emails ask for registration fees for conferences allegedly sponsored by the ADB and for hotel reservations, again with the promise of certain benefits. These emails sometimes carry the ADB logo, and originate from or refer to an email address which is made to look like an ADB email address. Many of these emails also refer to the senior management and leadership of the ADB and include a reference to the ADB web site. These are FRAUDULENT emails.
These emails do not emanate from the AfDB, and are not in any way associated with AfDB projects or events. The AfDB wishes to warn the public of these misleading practices, and suggests that recipients of invitations such as those described above (whether sent by email or communicated in any other way) verify their authenticity before sending any response. Do not communicate with anyone soliciting funds in the name of the AfDB, as the AfDB is not a commercial bank.
In particular, AfDB suggests that recipients do not send money or personal information in response to invitations from anyone from the ADB who claims to be awarding funds, grants, scholarships, certificates, lottery winnings, or prizes, and/or ADB requested payment for registration fees and hotel room reservations, or other advance fee fraud scams in the name of the AfDB. The AfDB is a Multilateral Development Bank that does not solicit deposits from private individuals or conduct commercial banking activity.