http://www.demayolaw.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Hurt and Need Help?
CLICK HERE to provide your details and we will contact you.
When you've been hurt ...
DEPEND on DEMAYO
DeMayo Law Offices, L.L.P. ® has developed this Privacy Policy to preserve the trust and confidence of visitors to this website.
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when it is required by law.
To provide the best possible response to completed consultation forms submitted to this web site, we may consult with attorneys outside our firm to whom your matter may be referred.
Please do not send confidential information to DeMayo Law Offices, L.L.P. ® via this website or other e-mail. Further, please be advised that the attorney-client relationship would not protect your communications until you and the law firm with which you wish to communicate have expressly agreed upon legal representation.
A visitor to our website who has questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy should contact:
Website Administrator
DeMayo Law Offices
P.O. Box 34426
Charlotte, NC 28234
(704) 333-1000
info@demayolaw.com
Information Collection and Use
DeMayo Law Offices, L.L.P. ® is the sole owner of the information collected on www.DeMayoLaw.com.
A user can choose whether or not to submit personally identifiable information, such as name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, age, gender, and/or injury or event description.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that DeMayo Law Offices, L.L.P. ® is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users’ information. All of our users’ information is restricted to our offices, and to attorneys outside our firm with whom we may consult.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this website.
FREE CASE EVALUATION
Provide your information below and we'll contact you.
Name:*Email:*
Phone:*Subject:*EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in this form. This form sends information by non-encrypted email which is not secure. Submitting this form does not create an attorney-client relationship.
What Our clients are saying
Office Locations
DeMayo Law has been serving the Carolinas since 1992 with offices in Charlotte, Hickory, Monroe and in Columbia, South Carolina. You can contact us 24/7, and if you
are unable to come to us - we will come to you.
Contact us at
(877) 529-1222
Click to Chat NOW!
Click to Email
Click to Download Our FREE eBook
FREE CASE EVALUATION
Provide your information below and we'll contact you.
Name:*Email:*
Phone:*Subject:*CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Call Us 24/7
ConvenientLocations
We ComeTo You
Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in this form.
This form sends information by non-encrypted email which is not secure.
Submitting this form does not create an attorney-client relationship.
Membership in the Million Dollar Advocates Forum is limited to attorneys who have won million and multi-million dollar verdicts and settlements. Criteria for membership in Million Dollar Advocates can be found by clicking here. DeMayo Law Offices, L.L.P. does not represent that similar results will be achieved in your case. Each case is different and must be evaluated separately.
The National Trial Lawyers is a national organization composed of the Top 100 Trial Lawyers from each state. Membership is obtained through special invitation and is extended only to those attorneys who exemplify superior qualifications, leadership, reputation, influence, stature, and profile as trial lawyers, both civil plaintiff and criminal defense. More information can be found at the National Trial Lawyers web site by clicking here. DeMayo Law Offices, L.L.P. does not represent that similar results will be achieved in your case. Each case is different and must be evaluated separately.