http://www.huronuc.on.ca/about/huron-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Share:
Learn More
The Huron Privacy Policy
Home
/
About
/
Huron Privacy Policy
Menu
About
Heart of Huron Donation
Accountability
Chaplaincy
Conference Services
Convocation
Governance
Huron’s History
Marketing & Communications
Office of the President
Our Chancellor
Information Technology
Chapel
Tuition & Fees
Working at Huron
Alumni
Alumni Association Board Directors
Alumni Awards Distinction
Alumni Benefits
Host Event
Teaching & Learning
Share Your Experience
Alumni Timeline
Update Your Address
Supporting Huron
Donate
Contact Us
Faculty and Staff Directory
News
Frequently Asked Questions
Form Centre
Parking
THE HURON PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
1. Commitment to Data Privacy Protection
1.1 Protecting the security and privacy of your personal information is important to Huron University College (“Huron”), therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what data Huron may collect, how Huron uses and safeguards that data and with whom we may share it.
2. Personal Information
2.1 Through the Website (the “Website”), Huron will not collect any personal information about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it or unless otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
3. Purpose of Use
3.1 When you do provide us with personal information through the Website, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your request or provide you access to specific information or services. Also, to support our relationship with you:
We may store and process personal information and share it with our service partners to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services; or
We (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal information to contact you about Huron in support of your needs or to conduct online surveys to understand your needs.
3.2 If you choose not to have your personal information used to support our relationship with you, we will respect your choice.
4. Purpose Limitation
4.1 Huron will collect, use or disclose personal information supplied by you online only for the purposes disclosed to you, unless the disclosure:
is a use of the personal information for any additional purpose that is directly related to the original purpose for which the personal information was collected,
is necessary to prepare, negotiate and perform a contract with you,
is required by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities,
is necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense, or
is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on Huron information technology systems.
5. Non-Personal Information Collected Automatically
5.1 When you access our Website, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal information (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We may use this information to monitor the attractiveness of our Website and improve its performance or content.
6. Communications or Utilization Data
6.1 Through your use of telecommunications services to access our Website, your communications data (e.g. Internet protocol address) or utilization data (e.g. information on the beginning, end and extent of each access, and information on the telecommunications services you accessed) are technically generated and could conceivably relate to personal information. To the extent that there is a compelling necessity, the collection, processing and use of your communications or utilization data will occur and will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework.
7. Cookies
7.1 When you access the Website, we may use a browser feature called a ‘cookie’ to collect information that is not personally identifiable (such as the type of Internet browser and operating system you use, the domain name of the Website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on our Website, and pages viewed). A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that identifies your browser, but not you, to our computers each time you visit one of our Websites that uses cookies. In addition to the identified purposes described in our Privacy Code, we may use this Website information and share it with our affiliates and other organizations with whom we have a commercial relationship to measure the use of our Website and to improve the functionality and content of the Website. If you wish, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a cookie or refuse to accept cookies. However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features available on our Website.
8. Online Communications
8.1 In order to provide you with service or information, you may voluntarily submit personal information to us for purposes such as registration, queries and correspondence, making a purchase, obtaining a quote or other information, and participating in contests and surveys. If you are known to Huron as a registered user of an online service, we may combine and store personal information about your use of our Website and the online information you have provided with certain other online and offline information we may have collected.
9. E-Mail Communications
9.1 Occasionally, we may send you e-mail communications with information that may be useful to you, including information about Huron, its affiliates and other third parties with whom we have a relationship. We will include instructions on how to unsubscribe and inform us of your preferences if you decide you do not want to receive any future e-mails from Huron. However, if you are a potential student or person interested in Huron, to ensure that you receive important information, you agree that we may send you information regarding Huron as we deem necessary.
10. Children
10.1 Our Website is not, and is not intended to be, used by children nor is it used to knowingly collect information from or market to children. Huron encourages all parents and guardians to instruct children in the safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet.  Any use of this Website by any person under the age of eighteen (18) must be under the direct supervision of a parent or guardian.
11. Links
11.1 Our Websites may contain links to other Websites which are provided to you as a convenience only. You are advised that other third party websites may have different privacy practices and Huron has no responsibility for such third party Websites.
12. Security
12.1 To protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, Huron uses technical and organizational security measures of a commercially reasonable nature, however, we cannot guarantee the privacy or confidentiality of such personal information.
13. Questions and Comments
13.1 Huron will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal information and to correct, amend or delete any inaccuracies. If you have any questions or comments about the Privacy Policy (e.g. to review and update your personal information), please contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@huron.uwo.ca
14. Changes to the Privacy Code
14.1 Changes to our Privacy Policy will be noted here so that you can be fully informed about our privacy policies and practices. You are advised to check this policy regularly for updates.
Top
WeChat
×
A Unique Undergraduate Learning Environment
The Huron Experience is truly one-of-a-kind.  While most universities take in thousands of students every year, Huron selectively limits our annual incoming cohort to around 500 students each year. Even though we keep our community strategically small, we ensure they are truly representative of our global community, and we welcome exceptional young leaders from dozens of countries all over the world to our campus each year. This means, the average number of students in your classes will be 33 rather than 300, 500 or 800 like most other undergraduate programs. Plus, our student to faculty ratio is only 11:1. For us, the quality of your experience will always be more important than merely increasingly the quantity of our students.
Most undergraduate learning environments in Canada involve sitting in a lecture hall with hundreds of students, watching slideshows and memorizing textbooks. Huron classes are different. Here, professors will mentor you, not lecture you. You will engage with the course materials through interaction and debate with your peers and learn in the real-world through capstone projects, high-level research unique on the undergraduate level, as well as through real-life learning experiences throughout Canada and around the world.
Why do we do this? Because it’s all about you. At Huron, you can expect a premium undergraduate experience. Our staff and faculty will know your name, not just your student number. We will know your story and are personally invested in making sure you achieve your goals and maximize your potential.
×
Powerful Career & Alumni Connections
Huron’s alumni network includes world-renowned leaders, in every industry, who you can learn from, network with and emulate. Huron alumni live in 59 countries worldwide and Lead with Heart in business, government, technology, law, international affairs and more.
With a graduating class of 400 students rather than 4,000, it’s possible to connect each and every student with an alumni mentor who will be personally invested in your success and can directly connect you to career opportunities where they work. This can make the difference between starting out in an entry level position and attaining a distinguished career.
Plus, you’ll never have to search for mentorship or a job alone. You will have one-on-one guidance from your Career Development Team who works hard solely to provide our talented students with alumni mentors working in the field or organization of your dreams.
How do Huron’s distinct advantages develop exceptional alumni? Our campus, which has the resources to nurture individual gifts, creates an environment where you’re strongly encouraged to show up and speak out. Within our interactive classrooms, there’s no sitting back and passively taking in information. Instead, you learn presentation, debate and the kind of human and leadership skills that will be most in demand in a world of ever-increasing automation and artificial intelligence.
×
World-Class Partnerships
Huron – Harvard Collaboration
Our university promises to deliver on an education that is as prestigious as it is principled, and part of that commitment involves our collaboration with the world’s highest calibre of institutions. When you choose Huron, you gain access to partnership opportunities at the world-renowned Harvard University.
Huron is the only Ontario university to supplement the development of your head and heart with a Harvard certificate
Harvard Business School Online (Harvard) provides students, in any Huron program, with a chance to gain the fundamentals of business thinking. The online Credential of Readiness (CORe) program will enable Huron students to contribute to business discussions and decision-making, whether you’re looking to advance your career, considering graduate school, or narrowing down the career path best suited to your potential.
This Ivy League badge of honour is the perfect supplement to a well-rounded Liberal Arts degree and will ensure future employers recognize your dedication to business best practices, as well as accountable leadership.
Huron – Ivey Dual Degree Programs
The Ivey Business School is Canada’s first and most prestigious business school. Complete your first two years at Huron and apply to Ivey’s Honours Business Administration (HBA) program. Students can also apply for Advanced Entry Opportunity (AEO) conditional, pre-admission status to the HBA program from secondary school
Because of our small classes, one-on-one faculty mentorship and opportunities to build leadership skills through internships, volunteering, community-based learning and travel study, Huron students can keep their grades high and build impressive extracurricular portfolios — all of which are vital to acceptance at
×
Guaranteed Paid Internships
Paid Internships: At Huron, every single student is guaranteed a paid internship, so you will get to connect your learning with workplace experience and earn while you learn.
Entry-level work positions no longer require entry-level experience. To secure a job right after graduation, you need to show employers you’re capable of contributing significant value to your workplace.
At Huron’s Career Development Centre, you will work one-on-one with your advisor to find the right fit for your paid internship. Your personal Career Development team member will help connect you with a position that sparks your curiosity and nurtures your interests, while providing you with experiences to add to your resume. Huron has an extensive group of esteemed alumni who are leading industries, around the world, and are eager to give back by providing our students with internship and career opportunities. This, along with our strategically selective campus, means you’re not competing with hundreds of students for internship positions, so Huron students always have a better chance to secure a meaningful experience.
WealthSimple (Toronto, ON) | United Nations (Geneva, Switzerland) | London Economic Development Corporation (London, ON) | Agha Khan University Hospital Foundation (Nairobi, Kenya) | 3M Canada (London, ON) | Deloitte (Toronto, ON) | Ernst & Young (London, ON) | KPMG (Toronto, ON) | HSBC Bank (London, UK) | Clearbit (San Francisco, USA) | Government of Canada (Ottawa) | Bank of Montreal (Toronto, ON)
×
Our Culture of Care
Our Leaders with Heart learn better and do more because we ensure our resources are never spread thin across our student body. Our strategically sized university means not only will you establish meaningful relationships with your professors, but our administration and staff are also readily available to enrich your time here. We never overcrowd our programs because we believe in providing a transformative education, not churning out degrees.
From the moment you begin your application and throughout all four years, we will work with you to ensure you’re thriving. At Huron we don’t have long lines and wait times, individualized one-on-one support from our staff and advisors is available on-demand. With one professor per 11 students and the same number of wellness, professional development and international support staff members as many large universities, you can feel confident you will always have people, who genuinely care about you, in your corner.
Who are some of the people who contribute to Huron’s Culture of Care?
Our Admissions team, who will work side-by-side with you and your family as you begin to apply, to provide personalized program recommendations and assistance with every step of the application & scholarship process
Our President who gives out his personal cell phone number, is consistently a presence at student events and responds to your emails within 48 hours, 7 days a week.
World-renowned faculty who are celebrated academics, researchers and educators and are always available to meet with you individually outside of class time
Student Advisors who will always be available 1-on-1 to help you with any of your academic, wellness and professional development needs
At Huron you will never have to go through any red tape. You will always have direct access to the support you need – unlike at large institutions where you may need to wait weeks to address your needs.
×