http://www.burglin.com/privacy-policy
999 Fifth Avenue, Suite 350, San Rafael, CA 94901
Call Today for Your Free Consultation
415-729-7300
---
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Attorney Profile
Practice Areas--
DUI--
First Time DUI
Second and Multiple DUIs
Underage DUI
Misdemeanor DUI
Felony DUI
What to Do If You are Pulled Over for DUI
Field Sobriety Tests
The California DUI Process
California DUI Laws
California DUI Penalties
BAIID
Driver's License Suspension
Driver's License Reinstatement
California DUI Defense Strategies
Avoiding Jail Time
DUI Accidents
Accidents Resulting in Death or Serious Injury
FAQs
Out of State Residents
Military Diversion Program
Professional License DUI Defense
CDL--
DUI
Physical & Mental License Revocation Hearings
Negligent Operator Suspensions
Domestic Violence--
Domestic Violence Defense During COVID-19 Crisis
Emergency Restraining Orders During COVID-19 Crisis
Info Center--
Resources and Articles--
Were You Legally Stopped?
DUI Murder
DUI Vehicular Manslaughter
DUI Trials and Jury Selection
Child Endangerment and DUI
Scientific Literature--
Breath Alcohol Testing
Blood Testing
Field Sobriety Testing
Referrals
News
Testimonials
Blog
Contact--
Map & Directions
Call Us
Email
Offices
Privacy Policy
This statement applies to the online collection of personal information via websites operated by and applications offered by Burglin Law Offices, P.C. Details of the Privacy Statement follow immediately below.
What personal information is collected and how is that information used?
We collect information about our users in three ways: directly from the user (such as when ordering a product, registering an account or signing up for a newsletter), from our Web server logs, and through cookies.
We use the information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you.
We do not share any of the information you provide with others, unless we say so in this Privacy Statement, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
How is my personal information protected?
We have implemented certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
However, please note that we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.
Also, please note that we may store and process your personal information in systems located outside of your home country. Regardless of where these activities occur, we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is protected consistent with the principles set forth under this Privacy Statement.
Who has access to the personal information?
We will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other customer data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties, except our approved agents and contractors, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement.
We rely on some of our affiliates for support of the products and services we offer, and we share some of our back-office functions with other companies. Our affiliates are all required to preserve the confidentiality of any personal information they may access.
We will not disclose any personal information or information about your usage of our websites to unaffiliated third parties, except as necessary to service the account, to enforce the terms of use, to meet our obligations to content and technology providers, or as required by law.
How may I correct, amend or delete my personal information, or update my preferences?
You may cancel your registration or update your preferences at any time simply by contacting us.
If you do not want to receive information about our products or services, please contact us.
If you have any additional questions or concerns related to this statement and/or our practices, please contact us at:
Burglin Law Offices, P.C.
999 Fifth Avenue, Suite 350San Rafael, CA 94901Phone: 415-729-7300
Practice Areas
DUIFirst Time DUISecond and Multiple DUIsUnderage DUIMisdemeanor DUIFelony DUIWhat to Do If You are Pulled Over for DUIField Sobriety TestsThe California DUI ProcessCalifornia DUI LawsCalifornia DUI PenaltiesBAIIDDriver's License SuspensionDriver's License ReinstatementCalifornia DUI Defense StrategiesAvoiding Jail TimeDUI AccidentsAccidents Resulting in Death or Serious InjuryFAQsOut of State ResidentsMilitary Diversion ProgramProfessional License DUI DefenseCDLDUIPhysical & Mental License Revocation HearingsNegligent Operator SuspensionsDomestic ViolenceDomestic Violence Defense During COVID-19 CrisisEmergency Restraining Orders During COVID-19 Crisis
Recent Blog Posts
“Scooter DUI” Exists in California and It Is Slightly Different from Other Charges
Key Strategies to Help You Overcome Professional License Issues Caused By DUI
How a Plea Deal Can Help You Prevent a California DUI Conviction
How Should You Respond to Questions During a DUI Stop?
What Happens If I Refuse a Breathalyzer Test in California?
VISIT OUR OTHER WEBSITES
SONOMA
NAPA
SAN FRANCISCO
MARIN
999 Fifth Avenue, Suite 350San Rafael, CA 94901
415-729-7300
Other Office Locations
San Francisco Office: 415-735-3995
Santa Mateo Office: 650-200-4415
Santa Clara Office: 408-520-2625
From our offices in San Rafael, California, we serve DUI and criminal defense clients throughout the San Francisco, Napa, Sonoma and Richmond County areas.
© 2020 Burglin Law Offices, P.C.999 Fifth Avenue, Suite 350, San Rafael, CA 94901415-729-7300
Resources |
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer |
Sitemap