http://www.nagb.org/toolbar/privacy-policy.html
NATIONAL ASSESSMENT GOVERNING BOARD
Privacy Policy
ToolbarPrivacy Policy
Web Privacy and Security Policies
The National Assessment Governing Board thanks you for visiting our website and reviewing our web privacy and security policies. We respect your privacy and want to assure you that we adhere to the federal government standards and regulatory guidance to protect your privacy and ensure that we adhere to the requirements of The Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. § 552a , as amended.
Our web privacy and security policies are simple: We do not collect personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. Further, we do not provide, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party.
Links to Other Sites:
Our website provides links to many external websites. Please be aware that when you leave the NAGB website, you will be going to sites that are beyond our control and standards. Websites external to NAGB have their own privacy policies, and may collect data or solicit personal information. The privacy and security policies and procedures described for NAGB do not apply to any external links. We suggest contacting these sites directly for information on their privacy and security policies.
Non-personal Information We Record
During your visit as you browse through the website or download information, our operating system will automatically record some general information about your visit in order to improve our services.
During your visit, our web operating system will record:
The type of browser (such as “Google Chrome,” "Firefox version X" or "Internet Explorer version X") that you are using.
The type of operating system that you use (such as Macintosh, Unix, or Windows).
The date and time you visit our site, and the web pages that you visit on our site.
The address of the previous website you were visiting, if you linked to us from another website.
The Internet domain for your Internet service, such as "xcompany.com" or "xcompany.net" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a college or university domain.
We use this information for statistical analysis, to help us make our site more useful to visitors. This tracking system does not record information about individuals.
Web Security Policy:
For security purposes, and to make sure our website remains available to all users, we use special software programs for monitoring network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise to cause damage to this government computer system. These programs do not collect information that would directly identify individuals; however they do collect information that could help us identify someone attempting to tamper with this website.
If you use our website, you should understand that all activities may be monitored and recorded. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring.
WARNING-- Individuals using this computer system without authority or in excess of their authority are subject to having all their activities on this system monitored and recorded by system personnel. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, system personnel may provide the evidence of such monitoring to law enforcement officials. Unauthorized access or use of this information system is prohibited and subjects the user to both civil and criminal penalty.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not make attempts to identify individual users or their usage habits. We only use raw monitoring data logs for determining trends in usage patterns and in diagnosing system problems.
Your continued use of this system constitutes acknowledgment and consent to these terms and conditions of use.
Cookies:
What are cookies? A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser when you access a website. The use of cookies is an industry standard and they are found at most major websites. There are two kinds of cookies, session and persistent.  A session cookie is a line of text that is stored temporarily in your computer's RAM. It is never written to a computer's drive and it is destroyed as soon as you close your browser. A persistent cookie is a more permanent line of text that gets saved by your browser to a file on your hard drive. Depending on your browser settings, you may receive notification that a site is requesting cookie information, possibly with an expiration date. Persistent cookies have a future expiration date. Session cookies have no date associated with them.
On those pages where NAGB uses "cookies" to facilitate your use of our site, we do not collect personal information about you and the cookie is destroyed when you exit your browser. There is no information stored on your computer and no unauthorized files are written onto your disk drives. These cookies are called "session cookies." They help you use our website interactively and are destroyed when you close your browser.
To protect your privacy, be sure to close your browser completely after you have finished conducting business with any website that uses cookies. If you are concerned about the potential use of information gathered from your computer by cookies, you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie. Most Internet browsers have settings that let you identify and/or reject cookies.
Information from e-mail communications you send to us:
If you decide to send us an e-mail message, the message will usually contain your return e-mail address. If you include personally-identifying information in your e-mail because you want us to address issues specific to your situation, we may use that information in responding to your request, but it will be destroyed when we complete our return correspondence. Also, e-mail is not totally secure against interception. Please send only information necessary to help us process your request.
Voluntary Submission of Information or Information Collected from Interactive Forms:
On some of our web pages we offer interactive forms that let you voluntarily submit personal information (such as your e-mail address, name, or organization). This occurs for example, when you are registering for an event, ordering publications from EDPubs, or submitting queries via our web site. In such cases, all submitted information is used only for the expressed purposes for which it is intended and is not made available to any third party.
If you have any questions on our privacy and security policies, please contact NAGB@ed.gov.