http://www.iccwbo.org/News/Articles/2016/G20-Scorecard-Could-do-better-on-business-policy-priorities/
International Chamberof Commerce
About us
Global issues & trends
Dispute resolution services
Resources for business
Chamber services
Events
Online learning
Media wall
Follow us
Contact us
Find a document
Become a member
Careers
More sites
Home » News & Speeches » G20 Scorecard: Could do better on business policy priorities
G20 Scorecard: Could do better on business policy priorities
News
•
Berlin,
01/12/2016
The International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) has unveiled the latest edition of ICC G20 Business Scorecard rating G20 responsiveness to key business policy priorities for growing the global economy.
The Scorecard shows G20 progress on a number of international business priorities but reveals important missed opportunities by the group to advance international trade and international policy frameworks.
Presenting the sixth edition Scorecard at an official Business-20 (B20) Germany kick-off event in Berlin, ICC Secretary General John Danilovich said:
“Our Scorecard aims to help the G20 gauge progress and identify areas that merit greater attention. We are encouraged to see that G20 work is becoming increasingly responsive to priority recommendations put forward each year by business that aims to spur economic growth and job creation.”
The 2016 ICC Scorecard examined 25 business priorities developed during the Chinese B20 cycle and rates the G20’s responsiveness across seven policy areas.
The overall score of 2.3 out of 3.0 across all seven policy categories marks the highest overall score since ICC began its monitoring. However, despite the positive overall trend, progress is shown to be uneven with three GOOD, three FAIR and one POOR score.
Mr Danilovich said: “The mixed scores highlight several notable advancements on business priorities, but also that there is still much room for improvement.”
Supporting trade and investment
G20 commitments and decisions on Trade and Investment scored 2.25 out of a total of 3.0 points, a significant improvement from last year’s score of 1.0 and the second highest score in this area since ICC’s monitoring began. The improved score reflects G20 commitments to enhance an open world economy by working towards trade and investment facilitation and liberalisation, solid progress on ratification of the World Trade Organization (WTO) Trade Facilitation Agreement, and first steps taken on multilateral investment policy coordination.
“The G20’s adoption of the Guiding Principles for Global Investment Policy-Making marks an historic step toward bridging unhealthy disparity among inter-state investment policies and corresponds to a longstanding ICC recommendation for the G20 to intensify multilateral investment policy coordination,” said Mr Danilovich.
Mr Danilovich said that a higher score was withheld due to insufficient G20 action on prioritising a meaningful curb on protectionism at a time when strong leadership and support for open trade is needed.
“The global business community has been clear that tackling protectionism is a first order priority and has called on the G20 to demonstrate much-needed global leadership in refraining from protectionism or introducing new trade barriers. There is mounting evidence that rhetoric and reality are diverging at an increasing rate,” said ICC G20 CEO Advisory Group Director Jeff Hardy. “In the current environment of global uncertainty and anti-trade sentiment, G20 economies must lead by example in the fight against protectionism. New trade-restrictive measures must be rejected, and existing ones need to be rolled back.”
In the current environment of global uncertainty and anti-trade sentiment, G20 economies must lead by example in the fight against protectionism.
Demonstrating leadership on anti-corruption
Reflecting the close partnership between the B20 and the G20 Anti-corruption Working Group, the scorecard gives an overall score assessment of 2.0 out of 3.0 points for G20 commitments and decisions on anti-corruption. A lack of detailed timelines, actions and deliverables in the new 2017-2018 G20 Anti-Corruption Action Plan prevented a higher score.
“Business has consistently highlighted the problem of corruption and presented strong recommendations to help tackle the issue focusing on private sector anti-corruption training and education initiatives. It is therefore rewarding to see that the new 2017-2018 G20 Anti-Corruption Action Plan identifies several business priorities, including beneficial ownership, private sector integrity, capacity building and increased transparency in public contracting and customs,” said ICC Senior Policy Manager Viviane Schiavi, who leads ICC works on anti-corruption. “These commitments must now translate into tangible and specific actions to strengthen anti-corruption efforts that are reflected in the day-to-day operations of businesses.”
Energy and environment challenges
Equalling the highest score achieved in the fifth edition of the Scorecard, the overall score assessment of G20 commitments and decisions on Energy and Environment is 2.2 out of 3.0. The score is the result of a heightened focus on energy and climate change at G20 leader level, coupled with the organisation of a second G20 Energy Ministers Meeting in June 2016.
“We are pleased that the 2016 Hangzhou Communiqué recognised several ICC priorities and maintained a strong focus one nergy and climate change, building on the unprecedented attention to these issues in the 2015 Antalya Leader’s Communiqué,” said Mr Hardy. “The joint ratification of the Paris Agreement on climate change by the US and China,just hours ahead of the Hangzhou Summit, serves as an example of how G20 Heads of Government can deliver shared global leadership.”
While welcoming G20 recognition of several of the ICC business priorities outlined in Six steps to energy sustainability and security, Mr Hardy said a lack of private-sector participation in the G20’s formal energy discussions remained a concern.
He concluded: “This edition of our Scorecard suggests that real progress will only become effective when policy guidance takes root in national capitals. So, while this year’s relatively high score reflects a strong policy response at the Leaders’ level, our eyes will beon national governments and their resolve to implement the extensive guidance that the G20 process has managed to produce.”
Download G20 Business Scorecard from Flickr
For further information, please contact
Dawn CHARDONNAL
+33 (0)1 49 53 29 07
Head, Media Relations and Web
Contact
Tags
B20
G20
Related publications
Competition Policy and Environmental Sustainability
Business and labour organisations call for renewed multilateralism from G20 countries
Open letter to G20 Finance Ministers
Priming trade finance to safeguard SMEs and power a resilient recovery from Covid-19
ICC Advisory Group on Trade Finance letter to G20 Head of State and Government
Related news and speeches
Making competition law part of the solution to the climate challenge
New report addresses illicit crimes in free trade zones
Trade agreement on e-commerce essential to power post-COVID economy
Ibero-American business community calls for integrity and the fight against corruption
ICC publishes submission to the European Commission’s review of trade policy
GET EMAIL ALERTS Stay up-to-date with all ICC news information, and more with our ICC news alerts.
Subscribe
Tweets by iccwbo
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
ICC uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website.
These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
View ICC privacy policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
CookieTypeDurationDescriptioncli_user_preference011 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics011 monthsThis cookies is set by GDPR Cookie Consent WordPress Plugin. The cookie is used to remember the user consent for the cookies under the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary011 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary011 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Non Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance01 yearThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given the consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Performance'.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance01 yearThis cookies is set by GDPR Cookie Consent WordPress Plugin. The cookie is used to remember the user consent for the cookies under the category "Performance".CookieLawInfoConsent011 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.JSESSIONID1Used by sites written in JSP. General purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.mobile0SessionThis is a Microsoft SharePoint cookie for internal use of the application.PHPSESSID0SessionThis cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.SERVERID567015 minutesSession cookie that expires when the page is closed. The operation of the host requires the presence of this cookie corresponding to a number of "SERVERIDES" servers to ensure the proper loading of the site.viewed_cookie_policy011 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.WSS_FullScreenMode0sessionThis is a Microsoft SharePoint cookie for internal use of the application to indicate whether a page is shown in full screen mode. This cookie expires when you close your browser.
Functionality
functionality
Functionality cookies allow websites to remember the user’s site preferences and choices they make on the site including username, region, and language. This allows the website to provide personalized features like local news stories and weather if you share your location.
CookieTypeDurationDescriptioncuvid02 yearsThis cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit to the site from that web browser. If the cookie has been deleted by the browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits the site, a new __cuvid cookie is written with a different visitor unique ID. This cookie is used to determine unique visitors to the site and it is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that the application uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.cuvon030 minutesUsed to signal the last time a visitor viewed a page.lang0SessionThis cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website.pum-(numbrer)session1 monthThis cookie is deposited by the “popup maker” plugin. These cookies are of the form pum- (number). For each "popup window" that is offered on the site, there is a cookie with a different number. These cookies allow you to manage the repeated display of popups in the browser by not showing this popup again if you have closed it.
Analytical and performance
analytics
A set of cookies to collect information and report about website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to Google.
CookieTypeDurationDescription_ga014 monthsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gat01 minuteThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites._gat_UA-30095339-101 minuteThis cookie is used for throttling requests to Google Analytics to increase the efficiency of network calls._gid01 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.cusid030 minutesThis cookie is used to establish and continue a user session with the site. When a user views a page on the site, the script code attempts to update this cookie. If it does not find the cookie, a new one is written and a new session is established. Each time a user visits a different page on the site, this cookie is updated to expire in 30 minutes, thus continuing a single session for as long as user activity continues within 30-minute intervals. This cookie expires when a user pauses on a page on the site for longer than 30 minutes.sc_anonymous_id09 yearsSoundcloud Cookie. This cookie allows users to embed files or other content onto the website, this function can be limited to specific visitors.uid01 yearThis cookie is used to measure the number and behavior of the visitors to the website anonymously. The data includes the number of visits, average duration of the visit on the website, pages visited, etc. for the purpose of better understanding user preferences for targeted advertisments.
UIDR01 yearThe cookie is used to tracks the users activity across the internet on the browser such as visit timestamp, IP address, and most recently visited webpages. and may the data send to 3rd party for analysis and reporting to help their clients better understand user preferences.
Third-party
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
CookieTypeDurationDescriptionamiandoCRT11 yearXing-event: pendinganonymousToken15 monthsXing-event: pendingAWSALB0SessionA cookie generated by the Application load AWS ELB (Elastic Load Balancer) - Used for managing sticky sessions across production servers.AWSALBCORS0SessionThis cookie is managed by AWS and is used for load balancing.bcookie02 yearsThis cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page. This is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie for sharing the content of the website via social media.bscookie12 yearsUsed by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.GPS030 minutesThis cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical location.IDE12 yearsUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.lidc01 dayThis cookie is set by LinkedIn, used for routing and to store performed actions on the website.lissc01 yearThis cookie used for Sign-in with Linkedin and/or for Linkedin follow feature.org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n.CookieLocaleResolver.LOCALE1LocaleResolver implementation that uses a cookie sent back to the user in case of a custom setting, with a fallback to the specified default locale or the request's accept-header locale. This is particularly useful for Xing for stateless applications without user sessions.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE16 monthsThis cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.YSC1This cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.
Save & Accept
Share This
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter