http://www.choosingvoluntarysimplicity.com/privacy-policy/
Choosing Voluntary Simplicity
A blog about finding balance in your life, connecting with who you are, and creating a lifestyle where you wake up each morning eagerly anticipating the day ahead.
Voluntary Simplicity
Simple Living
Sensible Frugality
Decluttering & Purging
From Scratch
Doing It Ourselves
All Categories
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors to ChoosingVoluntarySimplicity.com is important to us.
At ChoosingVoluntarySimplicity.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit ChoosingVoluntarySimplicity.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use third party advertisements on ChoosingVoluntarySimplicity.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting:
http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dartadserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
The photos are my own. Some illustrate the post... others show our surroundings and the things we love about our version of simple living and voluntary simplicity. I welcome links to my blog or to any of my articles, but please do not copy my photos or content. —Shirley
Our Story...
Why We Chose Voluntary Simplicity
Our Journey To A Debt Free Life
A Simple Country Life
What Living in the Moment Means To Me
It's The Simple Things That Count
And a personal recommendation...
Solving the Natural Peanut Butter Oil Separation Problem
A sincere thank you to everyone who supports this site by using my Amazon affiliate links and search box to purchase books and other items.
Still Want To Read More?
Check out the hundreds of other articles in the Choosing Voluntary Simplicity article archives.
Entire contents copyright © 2007-2020 by ChoosingVoluntarySimplicity.com, all rights reserved
About This Blog (and About Me) - Contact Me - Privacy Policy