http://www.energizeinc.com/about/privacy
Skip to main content
We Respect Your Privacy!
Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to Energize, Inc. will be held with the utmost care. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below:
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
Energize, Inc. does not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or otherwise disclose any personal information collected at our site, including membership forms, e-mail lists and order form information.
Browser information collected on the website:
Energize, Inc. analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals who actually browse the site.
Use of "cookies":
Our bookstore uses cookies to track customers as they are dropping items into their shopping cart. However, the cookies disappear after a browser is completed. We do not use cookies to track information about your shopping habits or to collect information about you.
Privacy of our e-mail lists:
Energize, Inc. maintains several e-mail lists to keep Energize site visitors informed about breaking events. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or otherwise divulge the addresses on our list to anyone. In addition, we configure our list server software to refuse to divulge the e-mail addresses of our list subscribers to anyone but authorized Energize staff, including other list subscribers.
Privacy of our mailing addresses:
We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, lease or otherwise divulge the postal addresses on our list to anyone. When you place an order with us, your information becomes part of our in-house database which means you will automatically receive an annual "Volunteer Energy Resource Catalog" from us by postal mail and will be included in any other occasional postal mailings about a new Energize product, service or feature only. You may elect not to receive such materials. Please let us know if you wish your file to be marked "do not mail."
Ordering:
We request pertinent information from online customers on our order forms. Here a customer must provide contact information (like name, shipping address and phone number) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill a customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. No credit card information is divulged to any person outside of authorized Energize fulfillment staff or our authorized credit card processing company.
Outside Shipping and Credit Card processing:
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. Our understanding is that these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Contact Us
If you have any further questions or concerns about privacy of information on this site, please feel free to contact us.
About Us
Company Overview
Training and Consulting
Energize Team
What We Include as "Volunteering"
Testimonials
Media Resources
Stay Connected
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
Get free tips and updates directly to your inbox!
Sign up for your choice of our monthly e-newsletters.
Get free tips and updates directly to your inbox!
Sign up for your choice of monthly e-newsletters.
Follow us: