http://www.bulmandunie.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Tap to Call
Directions
SE HABLA ESPAÑOL
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Law Offices Of Bulman, Dunie, Burke & Feld, CHTD, thanks you for visiting this web site. The Law Offices Of Bulman, Dunie, Burke & Feld, CHTD, is committed to protecting your privacy while providing you with a positive on-line experience. The Law Offices Of Bulman, Dunie, Burke & Feld, CHTD, respects your privacy, and we believe you have the right to know what information we collect, how we use it and what security measures we have taken to protect your information.
Collection and Use of Information
When you visit www.bulmandunie.com and use our Contact Form, certain information may be collected. Among the types of information that may be collected are:
Domain names of visitors to our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and additional information you provide in the form;
“Navigational information” regarding the traffic patterns of our site, including the number of visits to a particular page and user-specific information on which pages a guest visits, average length of time spent on the site and similar site usage data; and
Any information that you may choose to submit in connection with any e-mail messages, on-site surveys, registry programs, contests and the like.
The Law Offices Of Bulman, Dunie, Burke & Feld, CHTD, uses this information to help us develop and improve our site to better meet your needs. We may use your name or e-mail address to contact you or respond to your inquiries. We also use this information to help us diagnose technical issues relating to the performance of our website.
Providing Information to Outside Parties
The Law Offices Of Bulman, Dunie, Burke & Feld, CHTD, does not sell, trade, rent or otherwise provide your personal information to any outside parties.
Security
The Law Offices Of Bulman, Dunie, Burke & Feld, CHTD, makes every effort to protect the security of your personal information. Any personal information you provide will not be stored on our server. Any information collected by us is stored in private files behind a firewall designed to protect your information by denying unauthorized access by outside users.
Updates and Removing Your Name
If you do not wish to receive e-mails from The Law Offices Of Bulman, Dunie, Burke & Feld, CHTD, in the future please let us know by contacting us.
Testimonial
The lawyers at Bulman, Dunie, Burke and Feld are honest and trustworthy.
– Valeria Jones
Silver Spring, Maryland
Find Out If You Have A Case
Speak With An Experienced Attorney
REQUIRED
REQUIRED
REQUIRED
4610 Elm St.
Bethesda, Maryland 20815
Phone:  301-656-1177
Fax:       301-986-9719
GET DIRECTIONS
Tap to Call
Directions
SE HABLA ESPAÑOL
Talk to an Experienced Attorney
301-656-1177
Home
About
Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact