http://www.stateside.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Who We Are
About Stateside
Our Team
Work Here
What We Do
Clients
Services
Issue Management
Legislative Monitoring
Regulatory Monitoring
Local Government Monitoring
Groups
See All Services
Case Studies
News and Blog
This Week in the States
This Week in Health Care
Groups: This Week
State Resources
State Snapshot: A COVID-19 Report
2020 Legislative Session Information
2021 Legislative Session Information
Legislative Partisan Splits
Governors
Attorneys General
Lieutenant Governors
Groups Events
State Tax and Revenue Directors
See All State Resources
State Vaccination Plans
Elections
Blogs
2020 State Legislative Elections
2020 Gubernatorial Elections
2020 Attorneys General Elections
2020 State and Local Ballot Measures
2020 Local Government Elections
Contact Us
Stay up to date
Privacy Policy
User account menu
Log in
Stateside.com is dedicated to providing privacy on the Internet.  We have provided you the opportunity to opt out of future 3rd party advertising cookies.
Stateside.com allows third parties to place cookies on our site for advertising purposes.  This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these vendors. These vendors have their own privacy policies and may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”).  To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page and follow the relevant instructions.  Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
As you browse Stateside.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in.  Our display advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with Stateside.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.  You can visit this page to opt out.