http://www.stannesdunbar.org.uk/privacy-notice
Home
About
What's On
Children
Debt Advice
Sermons
Privacy Notice
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified
from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or
in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s
possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing
of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection
Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”).
Who are we?
St. Anne's, Dunbar is a data controller (contact details below).
This means that we decide how your personal data is processed and
for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
St. Anne's complies with its obligations under the GDPR by keeping
personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by
not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by
protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and
disclosure, and by ensuring that appropriate technical and
organisational measures are in place to protect personal
data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To provide pastoral care to the congregation
To administer membership records
To fundraise and promote the interests of the
charity
To process gift aid applications
To manage our employees and volunteers
To maintain our own accounts and records
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of
the public
To inform individuals of news, events, activities or services
running at St. Anne's
To contact individuals via surveys to conduct research about
their opinions of current services or of potential new services
that may be offered.
To track footfall into the church during open hours, using
CCTV
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential. It may
be shared with members of the Vestry, holders of specific
posts--such as Gift Aid Secretary--appointed by the Vestry, and, if
you are appointed to a role within the congregation or diocese,
with the General Synod Office.
If you serve on any committee or take on any duty, rota or role
within the congregation, your personal data may be shared with
other members of the congregation. You will be informed if your
personal data will be shared more widely.
We may also share your information or disclose it to third parties
where required to comply with any court order or other legal
obligation or when data is requested by government or law
enforcement authorities, to enforce any agreements, or to protect
the rights, property, or safety of us, members of the congregation
or others.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance provided by the
Scottish Episcopal Church. Specifically, we retain:
Personal contact details while they are still
current
Gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 7
years after the tax year to which they relate
Employment information for up to 6 years after employment
ceases
PVG Disclosure information until the disclosed person ceases
any regulated work for the church and indicates no intention of
resuming such work at a later time
Church registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals)
permanently
CCTV footage for up to 2 weeks
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the
following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which
the Vestry of St. Anne's holds about you
The right to request that the Vestry of St. Anne's corrects any
personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of
date
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is
no longer necessary for the Vestry of St. Anne's to retain such
data
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy
or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is
placed on further processing
The right to object to the processing of personal data (where
applicable)
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information
Commissioner's Office
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered
by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new
notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing
and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions.
Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to
the new processing.
Contact details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please
contact the Vestry Secretary at secretary@stannesdunbar.org.uk.
Or you can write to the Secretary at: St Anne’s Scottish Episcopal
& Methodist Church, Westgate, Dunbar, EH42 1JL
You can contact the Information Commissioner's Office:
By telephone on 0303 123 1113
By email Scotland@ico.org.uk
By post: The Information Commissioner's Office - Scotland 45
Melville Street Edinburgh EH3 7HL
Copyright ©2018, All other marks are the
property of their respective owners.
Scottish Charity No:
SC010950