http://www.bricker.com/privacy
Copyright, Privacy, GDPR & Disclaimer
Copyright Notice
This site was created by, and is the copyrighted property of, Bricker & Eckler LLP, all rights reserved. Permission is granted to view, store and reproduce any pages within this site provided that none of the pages are modified and the Bricker & Eckler copyright notice is included. If you would like to use one of our articles, photos, videos or newsletters on your website or for other purposes, please request permission by emailing jclark@bricker.com.
Privacy Notice
Please note that this policy applies only to sites and other online services provided by Bricker & Eckler that link to this note (together the “Services”). While the Services are directed to US residents, there may be circumstances where laws of other countries apply. We will comply with those laws and respect any applicable rights provided for under such laws.
In providing the Services, we may collect information from you. We may collect information from you directly, such as where you submit a query via an online form, request promotional material or news updates from us or sign up to an event we are running. This might include your name, contact information and job title. We use the information we collect to provide you with what you have requested (and consented to) and also to better understand our clients where it is in our interests as a law firm to do so.
We also use cookies and other technologies to collect information on how you use the Services (“Usage Information”). Depending on how you use the Services, we will use the information we collect to ensure the website is presented to you in a clear manner and to allow us improve the web appearance and functionality. We may also share your Usage Information, including cookies, with third-party applications and web analysis providers. For example, we share your Usage Information with Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google. Google Analytics plants a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user each time you visit the Site, but the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. We use Google Analytics to analyze Usage Information and assist us in researching the effectiveness of our website and understanding website users’ preferences. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use, located at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, and Google’s Privacy Policy, located at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy. You may prevent Google Analytics from recognizing your future visits to the website by disabling cookies on your browser or installing Google Analytics’ opt-out browser add-on, which can be accessed at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We and our third-party advertising partner employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons), that helps us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited). In order to serve our web visitors with additional information that they may find helpful, we may tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our web visitors' personally identifiable IP address.
While we may provide links to third-party sites, Bricker & Eckler is not responsible for any actions or policies adopted by the operators of those sites. Bricker & Eckler does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals provide such information on a voluntary basis, as for instance, registering for an email update or newsletter. From time to time, Bricker & Eckler may use third parties to assist in certain activities, such as management of email notices or the hosting of programs or databases, where personally identifiable information may be accessed by such third parties, but such third parties are required to keep all such information confidential and are not otherwise permitted to use such information.
Like most website operating software, the software used by Bricker & Eckler to operate this site allows the identification of the domain name with which the users’ internet protocol is associated; that is, we may identify a user as having used an email account associated with www.yourorganization.com.
We generally do not share your information with third parties. However, there may be circumstances where we need to. For example, we share the information with services providers (who help us to provide the Services you request from us) or where we are under a legal or regulatory obligation to disclose the information (such as to law enforcement) or it is necessary to protect our rights (such as enforce our Terms of Services). In the event, the firm or the firm’s assets was merged with or acquired by a third party, we may need to share information with certain third parties involved in that transaction.
As a U.S. law firm, the information we collect will be stored in the U.S. The laws of the U.S. may offer less protection than the laws of your place of residence if you are located outside of the U.S. We will keep this information only as long as we need it for the purposes described above.
We are a U.S. law firm and our website is directed to the provision of our services in the United States.
Although our general purpose website is accessible to individuals located in other countries (including in the European Union (EU)), this fact alone should not be construed as our promotion of services within such countries.
In the event we offer Services that are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we will comply with requests which could include the right to access information we hold about you, have inaccurate or unnecessary information rectified or deleted or to ask us to stop using your information in a certain way.
In the unlikely event your use of the Services is subject to GDPR, you would also have a right to lodge a complaint with your local EU regulator.
This site is not intended for use by minors, and we ask that minors not submit any personal information to us.
Bricker & Eckler reserves the right to change this policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post these changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. This Privacy Policy and all statements herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Disclaimer
The information contained at this site is intended to convey general information about Bricker & Eckler and does not create an attorney-client relationship. The information contained in this site is for general information only and not for legal counsel or advice. The sending of our publications is not intended to establish, and receipt of them does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship, nor is the information contained therein legal advice. The views set forth in our publications are the personal views of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the law firm with which the author is associated.
This site contains links to sites maintained by other businesses and organizations. This is only intended to aid research or provide a service to site visitors. Bricker & Eckler cannot provide any warranty about the accuracy or source of the information contained on any of these other sites or the content of any file the user might download from these sites.
If you would like to communicate with us via email, please remember that the content of any email message to Bricker & Eckler or any of its lawyers will not create an attorney-client relationship and will not be treated as confidential unless you already have a signed engagement letter with Bricker & Eckler. While we would like to hear from you, please do not send us any information about any legal matter that may involve you until you are requested to do so by one of our attorneys.
Bricker & Eckler has attempted to comply with appropriate legal and ethical requirements in creating this site. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Any questions about Bricker & Eckler or the contents of this site can be directed to the following individuals:
Melissa Jester
IT Director
614.227.8819
mjester@bricker.com
Policy updated June 25, 2020