http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1994/01.94
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
January 1994
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
Editor-in-Chief: Professor Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law
School, 57 Worth Street, New York, N.Y. 10013
ASLeonard@aol.com
Circulation: Audrey Hartmann, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003.
212-353-9118
(C) 1994 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755-9021
Contributing Editor: Colin Crawford, Instructor, Brooklyn Law
School.
Contributing Writers: Paula L. Ettelbrick, Policy Director,
National Center for Lesbian Rights & Adjunct Professor, NY Law
School; Kenneth Rutman, Adjunct Professor, New York Law School;
Steven Kolodny, Esq.; Barnaby Millard, Esq.; Robert Bourguignon,
Angela Thompson, Students, Brooklyn Law School; Dirk Williams,
Student, Northeastern Law School.
Colorado Court Makes Amendment 2 Injunction Permanent
Colorado District Court Judge H. Jeffrey Bayless ruled Dec. 14
that Amendment 2, enacted by the state's voters in 1992, violates
fundamental rights of lesbian, gay and bisexual Coloradans and
lacks the requisite justification under strict scrutiny mandated
by the 14th Amendment of the United States Constitution.
As a
remedy in Evans v. Romer, 1993 WL 518586, Bayless ruled that the
preliminary injunction he issued last January against Amendment 2
going into effect should be made permanent.
Amendment 2 would
prevent the state or any of its political subdivisions from
adopting or enforcing laws or policies protecting lesbians, gay
men or bisexuals from public or private sector discrimination.
Bayless held several days of hearings in October, receiving the
testimony of many witnesses in support and opposition.
As
commanded by the Colorado Supreme Court last summer, 854 P.2d
1270, the purpose of the trial was to determine whether the state
could demonstrate a compelling interest, and that Amendment 2 was
narrowly tailored to meet that interest without unduly abridging
the plaintiffs' fundamental rights.
The state's Supreme Court
determined in its opinion that a constitutional provision
singling out homosexuals and bisexuals and disabling them from
seeking protective government policies through the normal
legislative process implicated a fundamental right of political
participation protected by the 1st and 14th Amendments.
The
Supreme Court did not purport to base its decision on a "suspect
class" analysis, grounding the ruling on the "fundamental rights"
branch of equal protection theory.
Bayless systematically disposed of the asserted "compelling
interests" advanced by the state, explaining either that
particular interests were not truly "compelling" or that, even if
they were, Amendment 2 was too broadly drawn to meet the
"narrowly tailored" requirement.
Bayless decisively rejected the
argument that Amendment 2 was necessary to prevent dilution of
resources to enforce civil rights; unrebutted testimony showed
that in jurisdictions where gay rights laws are adopted, they do
not bust the budgets of civil rights agencies or even require
substantial expansion of staff.
Bayless also rejected the argument that Amendment 2 was necessary
to promote physical and psychological well-being of children.
"If the compelling interest relates to protecting children
physically from pedophiles," he commented, the evidence showed
that "pedophiles are predominately heterosexuals, not
homosexuals.
If the compelling interest is in protecting the
psychological well being of homosexual youth, the Court is unable
to discern how allowing discrimination against them by virtue of
the Colorado Constitution promotes their welfare."
Indeed,
Bayless was scornful of the general claim that Amendment 2 was
necessary to promote "family values," observing that "if one
wished to promote family values, action would be taken that is
pro-family rather than anti some other group."
Bayless did find that the state has a compelling interest in
protecting free exercise of religion, but did not see how
Amendment 2 was necessary for that.
While proponents claimed
during the election that churches might be required to hire gay
people as ministers or Sunday school teachers under gay rights
laws, Bayless noted that most laws include provisions
specifically exempting religious institutions from compliance
(and, he might have observed, although he didn't, that where such
provisions are lacking courts have judicially exempted the
religious organizations on 1st Amendment theories).
The opinion could have stopped there, but the plaintiffs, hedging
their bets, sought to build a record supporting an alternative
theory that Amendment 2 should be subjected to heightened
scrutiny because sexual orientation is a "suspect
classification," or alternatively that Amendment 2 would be
unconstitutional even under the less demanding rationality review
used to evaluate commercial regulations.
Bayless reviewed the
growing body of appellate case law rejecting the claim of
heightened scrutiny for anti-gay government policies.
Adhering
to a rigid, mechanistic application of a list of "tests" to
determine whether a particular classification is "suspect,"
Bayless concluded that gays fail to qualify as a politically
powerless minority that needs special protection in the political
process.
He observed that 42% of Coloradans voted against
Amendment 2, whereas expert witnesses estimated the gay
population as about 4% of the Colorado electorate.
"If 4% of the
population gathers the support of an additional 42% of the
population, that is a demonstration of power, not powerlessness,"
he asserted, also noting that eight states and more than a
hundred political subdivisions have passed gay rights
legislation.
The legislative successes of the gay rights
movement make it increasingly difficult to argue for "heightened
scrutiny" based on a "suspect classification" before judges who
misconceive the equal protection analysis as being based solely
on the mechanistic application of a list of all-or-nothing
"tests" rather than a deeper analysis of the purpose of the Equal
Protection Clause and the relatively more fluid way the Supreme
Court has used it in particular cases.
After reviewing expert
testimony on the etiology of human sexual orientation, Bayless
declined to make a factual finding as to the "cause" of
homosexuality, and also declined to speculate about whether
Amendment 2 would pass muster under rationality review, since
neither was necessary for him to decide the case.
Governor Roy Romer and Attorney General Gale Norton announced
they would appeal the decision to the state's Supreme Court.
Assuming that court greets the case with the skepticism that
marked its decision last summer, that would seem to be the end of
Amendment 2 unless the U.S. Supreme Court decides it is time to
get involved.
In recognition of this likely outcome, groups
maintaining Boycott Colorado activities announced that the
boycott would be suspended.
The attorneys whose appearances are noted on the final page of
the opinion are too many to reproduce here, other than to note
that the case attracted amicus participation from major gay
rights and civil liberties organizations that were noted in
previous reports in this publication.
A.S.L.
News of Other Initiatives & Referenda
U.S. District Judge S. Arthur Spiegel (S.D. Ohio), who announced
Nov. 16 that he would issue a preliminary injunction to stop
Cincinnati's Issue 3 from taking effect, has issued a written
opinion in Equality Foundation of Greater Cincinnati, Inc. v.
City of Cincinnati, 1993 WL 492181, 63 Fair Empl. Prac. Cases
(BNA) 562 (Nov. 19).
Issue 3 would have amended Cincinnati's
charter to make unenforceable the provisions of the city's civil
rights ordinance to the extent that the ordinance protects
lesbian, gay and bisexual people, and prevented any future
enactments or policies that might treat gays or bisexuals as a
protected class.
It was passed decisively in the November
election.
Spiegel relies on the same reasoning as the Colorado Supreme
Court in Evans v. Romer, mandating strict scrutiny for Issue 3
because it infringes the rights of political participation of an
identifiable group.
After a detailed summary of the U.S. Supreme
Court precedents on electoral rights, Spiegel asserted, "[We]
conclude that there is a strong likelihood that under the Issue 3
Amendment, all citizens, with the express exception of gay,
lesbian and bisexual citizens, have the right to appeal directly
to the members of city council for legislation, while only
members of the Plaintiffs identifiable group must proceed via the
exceptionally arduous and costly route of amending the city
charter before they may obtain any legislation bearing on their
sexual orientation.
Thus, there is a substantial likelihood that
the Issue 3 Amendment `fences out' an identifiable group of
citizens -- gay, lesbian and bisexuals [sic] -- from the
political process by imposing upon them an added and significant
burden on [sic] their quest for favorable legislation, regulation
and policy from the City Council and city administration."
Spiegel also found that Issue 3 places a significant burden on
advocacy rights of the plaintiffs, because "their advocacy may
expose them to discrimination for which they will have no
recourse even remotely comparable to that of other groups, to
obtain protection, thereby increasing the risks of, and
consequently chilling, such expression."
Spiegel found it to be
"especially significant" that Issue 3 does not remove "sexual
orientation" from the human rights ordinance, but rather
prohibits using that provision to protect gays while leaving it
to protect heterosexuals.
"This only reinforces our conclusion
that the Defendants have proffered no compelling justification to
single out gay, lesbian and bisexual citizens for the additional
and substantial burdens. . ."
Spiegel found the necessary irreparable harm to support
preliminary relief, given the likelihood that fundamental rights
would be abridged by allowing Issue 3 to go into effect, and
concluded that "maintaining the status quo under the existing
City Human Rights Ordinance and EEO Ordinance is the far more
prudent course of action in light of the nature of the threat
faced by the Plaintiffs in, among other things, their employment
and housing situations."
The plaintiffs in the Cincinnati case
include several individuals who have complaints of discrimination
pending at the Human Rights Commission, thus presenting the
strongest possible case for irreparable harm.
The importance of Spiegel's decision was highlighted by the Nov.
1 filing of a sexual orientation discrimination charge in
Hamilton County, Ohio, Common Pleas Court by gay attorney Scott
Greenwood against one of Cincinnati's prominent firms, Taft,
Stettinius & Hollister.
Greenwood, a board member of the group
that led the campaign against Issue 3, claims he was
constructively discharged when a member of the firm's management
told him to stop doing pro bono work against Issue 3 or he would
be fired.
Greenwood, represented by Alphonse Gerhardstein (an
attorney involved in the Issue 3 case), seeks reinstatement with
backpay plus compensatory and punitive damages, according to
BNA's Individual Employment Rights newsletter (Dec. 7).
Because
the Cincinnati ordinance does not specifically authorize court
suits, Greenwood's case is framed as a wrongful discharge in
violation of public policy, relying on the human rights ordinance
for the articulation of public policy.
The Florida Supreme Court is considering arguments in opposition
to a proposed statewide ballot measure that would ban enactment
of gay rights laws and repeal those that exist in the state.
In
re Advisory Opinion to the Attorney General - Restricting Laws
Related to Discrimination, No. 82-674.
The proposed amendment
was developed by anti-gay activists to avoid constitutional
faults found by the Colorado Supreme Court in Amendment 2.
Instead of singling out gay people by name, it states that "the
state, political subdivisions of the state, municipalities or any
other governmental entity shall not enact or adopt any law
regarding discrimination against persons which creates,
establishes, or recognizes any right, privilege or protection for
any person based upon any characteristic, trait, status or
condition other than race, color, religion, sex, national origin,
age, handicap, ethnic background, marital status or familial
status."
Its proponents claim that this evenhandedly excludes
all new claimants for civil rights protection, not just gays, and
thus does not violate the Equal Protection Clause.
A joint brief filed by Lambda Legal Defense Fund (through Florida
cooperating attorney William E. Adams, Jr.), the Gay and Lesbian
Lawyers Association of Florida, and Chesterfield Smith, a former
president of the American Bar Association on behalf of a dozen
public interest groups, forcefully asserts that the proposed
Amendment violates a variety of Florida statutory and
constitutional requirements for ballot measures and, more
significantly, is "palpably unconstitutional," despite its
neutral-sounding language.
Anchoring its constitutional argument
in long-standing precedents where innocuous-sounding initiatives
or statutes were found to violate Equal Protection because of
their legislative history demonstrating an intent to
discriminate, the brief shows that the proponents have targeted
repeal and prevention of laws protecting gays from discrimination
as their principal motivation, and have made opposition to gay
rights the organizing principle of their campaign to secure funds
and political support.
A.S.L.
On Nov. 26, the Oregon Citizens Alliance (OCA) gained ground in
its latest effort to insert an anti-gay-rights amendment into the
state constitution when the Oregon Supreme Court approved a
ballot title for OCA's new initiative.
OCA is mobilizing to have
its new measure, "The Minority Status and Child Protection Act,"
placed on the general election ballot in Nov. 1994 for
consideration as a constitutional amendment.
The measure is
similar to one that Oregon voters rejected in 1992.
Stating that
homosexuality is "wrongful sexual behavior," it would prohibit
state and local governments from giving sexual orientation
"legitimate minority status."
It would outlaw classifications
based on sexual orientation, forbid recognition of domestic
partnerships or extension of spousal benefits to gay partners,
keep governments from teaching that sexual orientation is
equivalent to statuses such as race, gender and religion, and
prevent public funds from being spent in a manner "expressing
approval of homosexuality."
Employees' private sexual behavior
could violate the amendment if it is deemed to "disrupt the
workplace."
If OCA collects 89,028 petition signatures by July 8, the
amendment will be on the November ballot.
The petition drive
could not begin until the initiative had an approved ballot
title, consisting of a caption, a question to be answered by
voters, and a summary statement.
Ballot titles are prepared by
the state attorney general.
Litigation arose after OCA contended
that the attorney general's title for the measure was prejudicial
because it unfairly characterized the measure's purposes.
The
Oregon Supreme Court, in DeParrie v. Keisling, 318 Or. 62, agreed
with OCA and rewrote the title.
The attorney general's title
pointed out that the measure would allow governments to pass
anti-gay laws and would prohibit laws upholding gays' civil
rights.
The court found these concerns missed the measure's
"main thrust."
The court's ballot title asks whether the state
constitution should be amended to "declare homosexuality wrongful
sexual behavior, forbid laws establishing homosexuality as a
protected status, [and] prohibit public spending promoting [or]
approving homosexuality."
The measure is a reworking of Measure
9, defeated by a margin of 56-44 percent in 1992.
The principal
differences are that the language condemning homosexuality is
toned down and the new measure stops short of requiring that
local governments actively discourage homosexuality. K.R.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Ohio and Illinois Appellate Courts Affirm Parental Rights of
Lesbian Mothers
After successive losses in the lesbian custody/visitation front
in opinions handed down by appellate courts, we now have two
wonderful successive victories.
Each represents not just a
victory for lesbian and gay parents, but, it seems, a shift in
the way the courts have viewed the issue of maternal lesbianism.
In the first, the Ohio Court of Appeals refused to overturn a
trial court's award of sole residential custody of three children
to their lesbian mother in the face of the father's assertion
that the court "neglected to recognize traditional family values
and standards which have been deviated from by appellee."
In
Large v. Large, 1993 WL 498127 (Ohio App., 10th Dist., Dec. 2),
the court held that there was "no evidence indicating that
appellee's sexual orientation has had any negative affect on the
children."
Given the father's negative feelings about the
mother's sexual orientation, the trial court was concerned that
he would not facilitate the children's involvement with their
mother should he have residential custody.
The court reiterated
prior cases holding that a parent's sexual orientation was only
one factor to consider, and "that the court is not required to
find that the mother's lesbian relationship will have an adverse
impact" on the child.
Only conduct that actually has a harmful
effect will justify a custody change.
In one of those subtle but
important language transitions, the court referred repeatedly to
the mother's lesbian partner simply as her "significant other."
More astonishingly, given the Illinois courts' generally negative
attitude about gay and lesbian people, an Illinois Appellate
Court overturned a trial court's restrictions on visitation by a
lesbian mother, held that it was irrelevant that the mother lives
with her lesbian partner, and stated that it was "disturbed by
the judge's numerous homophobic comments."
The court declared in
Pleasant v. Pleasant, 1993 WL 504439 (Ill. App., 1st Dist., Dec.
8), that "[s]exual orientation is not relevant to a parent's
visitation rights," and that to restrict or deny a parent's
rightful visitation it must be shown that visits would actually
endanger the child.
The trial judge had ordered that the
mother's visitation be supervised by heterosexual employees of
the Dept. of Children and Family Services.
According to the
opinion, the trial judge had been obsessed with the mother's
sleeping arrangements with her lover when the child was with
them, and included in one of his findings that the mother "is a
defiant and hostile admitted lesbian," a finding apparently
premised on the mother's statement that she would not promise
that she and her son would not socialize with other lesbians,
since most of her friends were gay.
The relative unimportance
that the mother lived with her partner through most of the
relevant time period is a big change for Illinois, given the
Illinois Supreme Court's 1980 ruling taking custody away from a
straight mother who lived with her boyfriend.
Again, in another
subtle change, the appellate court noted that nothing in the
evidence indicated that the 8-year old boy was upset by the
lesbian and gay pride parade to which his mother had taken him.
"Instead," stated the court without further comment, "he greatly
enjoyed himself."
Happy New Year! P.L.E.
Florida Appeal Court Upholds State Ban on Gays Adopting Children
In Dep't. of Health and Rehab. Services v. Cox, 1993 WL 496042
(Fla. App., 2d Dist., Dec. 1), an appellate court has ruled on
one of the challenges to the Florida law forbidding adoptions of
children by "homosexuals, and it is bad news.
All eleven judges
on the en banc panel rejected, in a single opinion, each
constitutional claim raised against the statute.
In overturning
a trial court decision that found the statute unconstitutional,
the court started by chastising the plaintiffs' counsel for
engaging in a "trial by photocopy" (meaning that they raised a
facial constitutional challenge and presented no live factual or
expert testimony), and discounted all of the expert materials and
studies presented.
The case was brought by a gay male couple who
were denied the right to training and certification to be
adoptive parents.
The Anita Bryant-era statute says: "No person eligible to adopt
under this statute may adopt if that person is a homosexual."
The court rejected a vagueness argument, stating that HRS intends
only to bar adoption "when it knows of current, voluntary
homosexual activity," not those who engaged in gay sex in the
past, "who merely have some degree of homosexual orientation," or
who merely have a homosexual orientation.
As to the couple's privacy claim, particularly where the couple
voluntarily admitted they were gay, the court held that the
statute does not constitute a governmental intrusion into their
private lives.
Inexplicably, although it is aware that the HRS
application form asks whether the applicant is homosexual or
bisexual, the court found that the statute does not mandate any
specific inquiry into the applicant's background that would
constitute an unwarranted inquiry concerning private matters.
Nor does the law intrude into any zone of personal
decisionmaking, since the decision to adopt is not a private
decision.
The court likewise rejected the parties' due process
denial of liberty claim, citing to a 1987 New Hampshire Supreme
Court advisory decision finding no constitutional flaws in a
subsequently enacted anti-gay adoption law -- a case which was
clearly a "trial by photocopy" as there was no factual record
either --
and to Bowers v. Hardwick.
In citing Hardwick, the
court declined the ability to depart from the rule announced by
the Supreme Court by resort to state constitutional law.
Finally, the court held that the couple had neither established a
valid claim to strict scrutiny nor that the statute fails the
rational basis test, either of which would be required to win an
equal protection challenge.
In what might be interpreted as a
punitive gesture, the court acknowledged that intermediate level
scrutiny is available in certain contexts, but refused to use
that standard of analysis since the trial court did not rely on
it and the parties did not argue it.
The state's articulated
rational basis, as accepted by the court, is the statistical
likelihood that most children placed for adoption will be
heterosexual, that they will need parental guidance regarding
relationships with the opposite sex at some point in their lives,
and that because most parents impart this by telling their
children of their own experiences with the opposite sex, gay and
lesbian parents could not serve the children's interests in this
important regard.
In other words, it is reasonable for the state
to presume that only heterosexuals are capable of guiding
heterosexual adoptive children through the shoals of puberty to
sexual maturity.
(This, in the face of numerous published
studies showing that children raised by gay parents are as well-
adjusted psycho-sexually as children raised by non-gay parents.)
This one may be headed for the Florida Supreme Court. P.L.E.
Same Gender Harassment Suit Upheld in California
The California Court of Appeal, 2nd District, held Dec. 10 that
same gender sexual harassment may provide a cause of action under
the Fair Employment and Housing Code, sec. 12940(h), disagreeing
with a prior California precedent.
Mogilefsky v. Superior Court,
1993 WL 505524.
Wayne Mogilefsky alleged he was subjected to
sexual harassment and discrimination by Michael Levy, his
supervisor during the course of his employment as creative editor
for co-defendants Silver Pictures, Warner Brothers and Joel
Silver.
Mogilefsky claimed that Levy twice demanded he stay
overnight in Levy's hotel suite, informing Mogilefsky that he
would receive more money if he cooperated, ordered Mogilefsky to
play a pornographic film on the VCR, made lewd and lascivious
comments about the film, and asked Mogilefsky how much he would
charge to perform similar acts.
On another occasion, Levy
allegedly referred to Mogilefsky in a degrading manner, and, at
one point, woke Mogilefsky, requested him to undress, and told
him he wanted to sleep next to him.
Mogilefsky went to Levy's
hotel suite the second time because other employees told him that
a male employee had been fired for refusing Levy's demands.
Levy
demurred, asserting contradictory facts and arguing that
Mogilefsky had not stated a cause of action.
The other
defendants also demurred, contending that sexually suggestive
remarks by one male to another with no physical contact did not
constitute an unfair employment practice.
The trial court
granted the defendants' motions.
The court of appeal opinion by Judge Woods noted that sec. 12940
expressly prohibits both sex discrimination and sexual
harassment.
The distinction is that sex discrimination in
compensation or in terms, conditions or privileges must be
alleged, whereas an employee alleging a violation of subdivision
(h) (sexual harassment) need not allege loss of tangible job
benefits.
Mogilefsky advanced two sexual harassment claims: quid
pro quo, alleging that a term of employment was expressly or
impliedly conditioned upon acceptance of a supervisor's unwelcome
sexual advances, or hostile work environment, which does not
require allegations of sexual advances.
The court described a
prior case, Hart v. National Mortgage & Land Co., 189 Cal.App.3d
1420 (1987), which held that sec. 12940 did not apply as between
members of the same sex, as "of questionable value as a legal
precedent."
The court found no basis in the statutory language for
defendants' contention that the legislature intended to limit
coverage to male-female harassment, citing decisions by the Fair
Employment and Housing Commission and similar decisions under
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
The court rejected
defendants' "remarkable" argument that the legislature did not
intend to protect members of the empowered majority (men) from
one another, holding that Mogilefsky alleged harassment "because
of sex," and that "such behavior in California is entitled to the
protection provided by Government Code sec. 12940."
Finally, the
court rejected defendant's policy arguments that (1) freeing
everyone from sexual remarks and conduct would violate the 1st
Amendment right of free speech; and (2) allowing a cause of
action for same gender sexual harassment will make an inquiry
into the sexual orientation of the male supervisor a necessity.
The matter was sent back to the trial court. B.M.
Boston Judge Rules Gay Irish Can Join Parade
Justice J. Harold Flannery of the Suffolk County, Massachusetts,
Superior Court ruled Dec. 15 that an organization of lesbian, gay
and bisexual Irish-Americans is entitled to march in the St.
Patrick's/Evacuation Day Parade on March 17 on the same basis as
other groups.
Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of
Boston v. City of Boston, No. 92-1518.
Flannery found that this
case presented a distinctly different set of issues from the New
York City dispute over participation of the Irish Lesbian and Gay
Organization in the St. Patrick's Day parade administered by the
Ancient Order of Hibernians.
(See 814 F.Supp. 358 (S.D.N.Y.
1993), holding that ILGO was not entitled to march.)
In Boston,
the March 17 parade is a combined commemoration of St. Patrick's
Day and Evacuation Day, a patriotic celebration of the withdrawal
of occupying British troops from Boston during the Revolutionary
War.
In contrast to New York's parade, which is purely a St.
Patrick's Day observance run by an Irish-Catholic organization,
the Boston parade was originally run by the city as a patriotic
commemoration; earlier in this century, the city delegated to the
South Boston Allied War Veterans Council the administrative task
of running the parade, which, due to the coincidence of dates,
also became identified as a St. Patrick's Day observance.
Flannery found that the parade had traditionally been open non-
selectively to a wide range of groups, and apart from its
celebratory nature did not have any ideological component.
Analyzing the issues under the Massachusetts Law Against
Discrimination, which forbids discrimination in places of public
accommodation on the basis of sexual orientation, Flannery found
that the Boston parade is a place of public accommodation,
inasmuch as it takes place on the city streets and is generally
open to members of the public on a non-selective basis.
However,
Flannery concluded that the city had so far distanced itself from
the running of the parade that the parade organizers'
determination to exclude the gay group was not "state action."
Consequently, the plaintiffs' rights to participate were
determined solely on the basis of the public accommodations
statute, and constitutional claims were dismissed.
Flannery also had to deal with the argument on which ILGO lost
its New York case: that ordering the parade organizers to let a
gay group march would violate 1st Amendment rights of the
organizers.
Flannery found this argument unavailing, finding
that claims to a right of expressive association on the part of
the organizers were weakened by the non-selectivity of parade
participation, the lack of a strong ideological component to the
parade that would be harmed in any way by the inclusion of gay
people, and the strong public policy interest in preventing
sexual orientation discrimination in public accommodations.
The Irish-American gay group was represented by Boston attorneys
Philip M. Cronin, Elsie Kappler, Gretchen Van Ness and John Ward
with Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders.
An appeal by the
South Boston Allied Veterans Council seems likely.
A.S.L.
Transsexual Railroad Worker Loses Discrimination Case
A federal court ruled that a transsexual may not state a claim
for sex discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
and, in a case of first impression, that the plaintiff could not
state a claim for sex or disability discrimination under the
Pennsylvania Human Rights Act.
Dobre v. National Railroad
Passenger Corp., 1993 WL 498217 (E.D.Pa., Dec. 1) (not officially
published).
Andria Dobre presented herself as a man when hired
by AMTRAK, but subsequently informed her supervisors that she was
receiving hormone treatments to begin sex-reassignment.
She was
told that she would need a doctor's note if she wanted to dress
as a woman on the job and that she could not use the women's
restroom.
Her supervisors refused to refer to her by her female
name and moved her desk out of public view.
She filed suit
charging sex and disability discrimination.
Judge Hutton found substantial precedent that Dobre had not
stated a Title VII claim, observing that "the acts of
discrimination alleged by the plaintiff were not due to
stereotypical concepts about a woman's ability to perform a job
nor were they due to a condition common to women alone.
If the
plaintiff was discriminated against at all, it was because she
was perceived as a male who wanted to become a female."
Turning
to state law, Hutton found no basis in Pennsylvania precedent to
treat the sex discrimination provision in the state law as any
broader than the federal law.
Hutton found no Pennsylvania cases
deciding whether transsexualism is a physical or mental
impairment under Pennsylvania law, but noted Sommers v. Iowa
Civil Rights Commission, 47 FEP Cases (BNA) 1217 (Iowa 1983),
which rejected a claim by an Iowa transsexual for disability
discrimination.
Hutton asserted that "the fact that
transsexualism is a diagnosable condition does not necessarily
lead to the conclusion that it is an `impairment'. . ."
The
judge noted that the Americans With Disabilities Act and
concurrent amendments to the federal Rehabilitation Act
specifically excluded transsexuals from the definition of persons
with disabilities.
And, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, in Civil
Service Commission v. Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission,
591 A.2d 281 (1991), narrowly construed the category of
"perceived handicap" under Pennsylvania law in such a way as to
preclude its application in this case.
Consequently, Hutton
dismissed the case.
A.S.L.
NY Off-Duty Conduct Law May Apply to Dating
New York Labor Law sec. 201-d may protect employees and job
applicants from discrimination on the basis of their off-duty,
lawful dating activities, according to Justice Robert P. Best,
New York Supreme Court, Fulton County, in State v. Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc., No. 80737/93 (Dec. 16).
Denying in part a motion
to dismiss, Best held that the State may have stated a valid
claim against Wal-Mart, which discharged Laural Allen and Samuel
Johnson for maintaining a dating relationship while Allen was
separated and living apart from her husband.
At the time, Wal-
Mart had a policy of dismissing any employees who had "a dating
relationship between a married associate and another associate
other than his or her own spouse. . ."
The statute makes it unlawful for employers to refuse to hire,
employ or license, or to discharge or discriminate against
employees because of, inter alia, "an individual's legal
recreational activities outside work hours, off of the employer's
premises and without use of the employer's equipment or other
property. . ."
The statute defines recreational activities to
mean "any lawful, leisure-time activity, for which the employee
receives no compensation and which is generally engaged in for
recreational purposes, including but not limited to sports,
games, hobbies, exercise, reading and the viewing of television,
movies and similar material."
Wal-Mart claimed that its policy concerned social rather than
recreational activities.
The court disagreed: "The question must
be whether the conduct engaged in by Allen and Johnson was
`leisure time activity' as defined in sec. 201-d.
Each of them,
Allen and Johnson, have a right under the statute to engage in
the leisure time activities permitted, including sports, games,
hobbies, etc.
The fact that they did do it together does not
vitiate their rights under the law."
The court dismissed as moot a claim attacking the policy on its
face, finding that Wal-Mart had since changed its policy.
However, Wal-Mart's new policy was also attacked in the amended
complaint, and Best held that further argument would be necessary
on this claim.
Thus, the matter was set for trial on the claim
that the discharges of Allen and Johnson violated the statute,
and summary judgment consideration on whether Wal-Mart's new
policy violates the statute on its face.
Off-duty conduct laws of this type are the result of heavy
lobbying by the tobacco industry to protect smokers from
workplace discrimination, but due to their broad wording might be
stretched to be quasi-gay rights laws in those states that do not
outlaw consensual gay sex.
It was reported during 1993 that a
gay man in Colorado won significant damages in a suit brought
under an off-duty conduct law for unlawful employment discharge.
The State is represented by Assistant Attorney General James M.
Williams, who also happens to be President of the Lesbian and Gay
Law Association of Greater New York.
A.S.L.
Federal Judge Sustains Conviction in S/M Murder
U.S. District Judge Peter Leisure upheld the conviction of
William Jett for the murder of Earl Quidley, who died in the
course of having sex with Jett. Jett v. Mitchell, 1993 WL 478395
(S.D.N.Y., Nov. 15).
The murder took place in the context of an
S/M encounter, with which the opinion deals obliquely.
It is
impossible to know if the decision gives the whole story, and
difficult to interpret the story we are told.
On one level, the
case vindicates the violence done Earl Quidley.
On another, it
reminds us of the ways the criminal justice system dehumanizes
defendants who travel through it.
Jett argued his confession should have been suppressed because he
did not fully understand his Miranda warnings and because police
questioning was coercive.
Although Jett argued that he
misunderstood that his right to an attorney was dependent on a
showing of indigence, and that he did not understand that he
could have an attorney during police questioning, the court found
that the warnings "reasonably conveyed" to Jett his
constitutional rights.
Turning to whether the confession was
coerced, the court discounted several factors which weighed in
Jett's favor: the police detained Jett for three hours before
questioning him; the interrogation lasted another hour and a
half; one of the two police officers opined that gays were "sick
and deviate" and offered to help Jett in return for a confession;
Jett feared physical violence from his questioners.
But the
court found that Jett voluntarily waived his constitutional
rights because of his "familiarity with the criminal process and
some education," and because there was neither actual violence
nor overt threats of violence.
Jett also argued that the evidence was insufficient to support a
conviction for second degree murder and that the conviction
should be reduced to criminally negligent homicide or second
degree manslaughter.
Jett's statements to the police were the
main evidence against him at trial.
During the course of a
sexual encounter, Jett said, Quidley asked him to put a belt
around his neck and tighten it.
Jett felt repulsed by the acts
in which Quidley wanted to engage.
Quidley threatened to return
Jett to the shelter (where Jett was apparently living) unless he
participated.
Jett confessed to feeling anger toward Quidley and
wanting to kill him.
This evidence, the court found,
sufficiently established that Jett, under circumstances evincing
a depraved indifference to human life, recklessly created a grave
risk of death to Quidley and thereby caused the death of Quidley.
D.W.
New York High Court Upholds Tenant Succession Regulations; Lower
Courts Grapple With Application of Regs
The New York Court of Appeals unanimously voted to sustain
regulations adopted by the State Division of Housing and
Community Renewal that allow domestic partners of tenants in rent
stabilized apartments to be treated the same as spouses if the
named tenants vacate the apartments by leaving or dying.
Rent
Stabilization Association v. Higgins, 1993 WL 524208 (Dec. 21).
(One judge who sat on the case while in the Appellate Division
recused himself.)
In an opinion by Chief Judge Judith Kaye, the
court held that the Division acted within the scope of its
regulatory authority by deciding to extend the court's 1989
ruling in Braschi v. Stahl Associates Co., 74 N.Y.2d 201, from
the smaller rent control system to the much broader rent
stabilization system (which affects about ten times as many
apartments).
Braschi was the revolutionary case in which the
Court of Appeals became the first appellate court in the nation
to extend formal recognition to lesbian and gay couples as
members of each other's family.
In addition to challenging the Division's authority to issue the
regulation, the landlord group that brought suit also claimed
that the regulation constituted an unconstitutional "taking" of
their property without due process of law.
The court rejected
this, noting that the landlords had never challenged a prior
regulation that granted lease succession rights to spouses and
that the new regulation was really just more of the same in terms
of its effects on the landlords' property rights.
Observing that
the regulation still allows landlords to evict tenants who don't
pay the rent or refuse to comply with other lease terms, and to
remove the property entirely from the rental market for other
uses, the court concluded that no "taking" had occurred. * * *
Ruling on a claim that John Randall should be considered a family
member of Marcia Wallace, with whom he lived in a rent stabilized
apartment for ten years, N.Y.C. Civil Court Judge Jack Dubinsky
took a restrictive view of tenant succession regulations and
denied Randall's claim.
Eberhart v. Randall, NYLJ, 12/1/93, p.
23, col. 1 (Civ. Ct., N.Y. Co., Housing Part).
Randall testified
that he and Wallace shared the same bed, jointly contributed to
expenses, and held themselves out as a couple to friends and
family.
Several of Randall's family members and friends also
testified that Randall and Wallace presented themselves as a
couple.
However, they did not establish a joint bank account,
and there was no evidence of any other formal documents, such as
wills, powers of attorney, or insurance beneficiary designations,
and no testimony by Wallace, the named tenant on the lease, who
had moved out of the apartment and formally surrendered her
leasehold to the landlord.
Dubinsky's opinion recites a
detailed, neutral-sounding summary of the evidence, and then
concludes: "In the totality of the circumstances presented,
respondent failed to sustain his burden of proof that he was a
family member of Marcia Wallace" within the regulatory
definition.
The regulation lists a variety of factors to be
considered, but states that "no single fact shall be solely
determinative."
Dubinsky's opinion, without explanation or
analysis, appears to elevate the more formal types of proof over
the less formal, impressionistic factors listed in the
regulation. * * * Judge Ellis Sheila Franke of Queens County, New
York, Civil Court, found that a female same-sex couple counted as
family members under rent control regulations in O'Malley v.
Silva, NYLJ, 12/15/93, p. 25.
Phyllis Ammirati was the tenant of
record in the rent-controlled apartment when the building
converted to a cooperative in 1983.
She chose not to buy under
the non-eviction plan.
Her partner, the respondent Silva, had
been living with her in the apartment since 1975.
In 1985, an
investor, O'Malley, bought the shares for the apartment.
He
visited the apartment in 1986; Silva was present, and O'Malley
claims she was introduced as Ammirati's friend who was just
visiting.
Ammirati died in 1991, and O'Malley tried to evict
Silva.
Judge Franke stated that there "was substantial credible
testimony that Ms. Silva and Ms. Ammirati had an exclusive,
intimate, loving family relationship from 1975 to the date of Ms.
Ammirati's death in 1991; that Ms. Silva had lived continuously
and exclusively in the subject apartment with Ms. Ammirati during
that entire sixteen year period; that they spent holidays
together; that they attended family parties, picnics,
celebrations, visits with each other's relatives and children;
and that ultimately they shared illness and tragedy.
Each was
responsible for the other's health care and medical decisions in
case of emergency."
A cousin of Silva testified about the nature
of the relationship.
The women had pooled their income in joint
accounts and designated each other beneficiaries in their wills.
The court concluded this was an easy case for succession rights
under Braschi v. Stahl Associates, 74 N.Y.2d 201 (1989).
A.S.L.
Defense Department Issues New Regs; Government Appeals Steffan
Decision
The Pentagon announced a new regulation on military service by
gays Dec. 22, to become effective Feb. 5, 1994.
The new
regulation, implementing the "don't ask, don't tell, don't
pursue" policy announced in July and enacted in different form by
Congress, provides that service members will not be questioned
about their sexual orientation, but mandates discharge for any
member who is both gay and engages in "homosexual" conduct, which
in the eyes of the Pentagon includes holding hands with another
member of the same sex but does not include marching in gay
rights parades or visiting gay bars.
(Military logic is to logic
as military music is to music. . .)
According to Defense
Department General Counsel Jamie Gorelick, the rule lets gays
"stay off the radar screen" and avoid discharge by keeping quiet
about their sexual orientation.
If a member's orientation comes
to the official notice of a commanding officer, the member can
remain in the military by "proving" a negative -- i.e., that he
or she is not engaging in homosexual conduct -- thus turning on
its head the standard evidentiary burdens.
And lawyers
negotiated this "compromise."
Go figure. . . * * * The Clinton
Administration announced Dec. 29 it would file a motion with the
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals for en banc review in Steffan v.
Aspin, 8 F.3d 57 (Nov. 16), in which the three Democratic
appointees on the court held that regulations under which Joe
Steffan was forced to resign from the Naval Academy after
admitting he is gay lacked any rational basis and were
unconstitutional.
According to press reports, the Justice
Department does not plan to tackle the court's reasoning head-on,
but rather to urge the circuit to find that the panel exceeded
its authority by ordering the Navy to award Steffan his officer's
commission.
There was heavy debate between the Pentagon and the
Justice Department over what to do with the case, since the court
had refrained from any comments over the validity of the "don't
ask, don't tell" policy.
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership News
Municipal legislators in Los Angeles and Baltimore voted to
extend employee benefits to domestic partners of city employees.
Under the Dec. 15 vote by the Baltimore Board of Estimate,
partners must be registered with the city by September 1994 in
order to be eligible when the plan goes into effect Jan. 1, 1995.
The Los Angeles Council vote Nov. 23 was followed by speculation
that Mayor Riordan might veto the measure on financial grounds.
Domestic partners of Los Angeles city employees already enjoy
certain non-economic benefits under prior city council actions. *
* * The New York University administration circulated a
memorandum Dec. 2 describing the university's domestic
partnership policy, which covers unionized employees as part of a
new collective agreement with the United Staff Association and
non-union employees by voluntary university action.
The policy
covers only same-sex domestic partners, and includes health
insurance, university housing eligibility, use of university
facilities (including gym and library), family tuition remission,
and all leave policies.
Insurance coverage will go into effect
Feb. 1, 1994. * * * The trustees of the University of
Pennsylvania voted Dec. 10 to extend health, tuition and other
benefits eligibility to same-sex domestic partners of university
employees on the same basis as spouses, according to BNA's Daily
Labor Report (No. 241, 12/17).
A task force that evaluated
feasibility projected no significant impact on benefit costs.
Pending agreements with the university's insurance carriers, it
is expected that the plan will go into effect with the annual
open enrollment period in April, with benefits effective in May
1994. * * * We reported that Williamson County, Texas,
commissioners voted to deny tax breaks to a new facility being
planned by Apple Computer due to opposition to Apple's domestic
partnership policy.
After a major uproar locally, the swing
voter on the five-member commission changed his mind and devised
a face-saving strategy of a different tax rebate program that
would be of the same value to Apple but give the commissioner
"political cover" to say (incredibly) that tax money would not be
used to subsidize gay couples.
The new proposal passed, and
Apple said it would go forward with its plans for the operation.
A.S.L.
Miscellaneous Lesbian & Gay Litigation Notes
In People v. Baker, 1993 WL 518655 (Cal.App., 4th Dist., Dec.
15), the court upheld California's hate crimes penalty
enhancement law against a constitutional attack.
The California
Supreme Court is considering a similar attack on the statute in a
pending appeal. A.S.L. * * *
Overlooked Opinions, Inc., a gay
polling organization, planned to conduct a poll during the 1993
National March on Washington.
It contracted with firms in the
District of Columbia to handle distribution of survey materials.
According to Overlooked Opinions, the defendants breached their
contracts by engaging in a skimpy effort that resulted in
distribution of only a small percentage of the forms.
Overlooked
filed a diversity action in the U.S. District Court in Chicago.
The defendants moved to transfer venue to the District of
Columbia.
The plaintiff noted that its witnesses came from all
over the U.S., making Chicago a conveniently central venue for
trial. Furthermore, the plaintiff, headquartered in Chicago,
argued that transfer to Washington would "virtually shut it down
for the length of the trial."
On the other hand, defendants
argued that all of their staff people and workers who would be
called as witnesses lived in or near the District of Columbia,
the locus of the dispute, and pointed out that Overlooked had
nine employees, only two of whom were expected to testify.
District Judge Nordberg ruled that the case should be transferred
to Washington, noting that D.C. was the jurisdiction whose law
would apply to the dispute, performance of the contract was to
take place there, and most of the witnesses would come from
there.
Overlooked Opinions, Inc. v. ADIA Services, Inc., 1993 WL
498350 (N.D.Ill, Nov. 30) (not officially published). A.S.L. * *
* John Zebrowski was convicted of murder in the second degree for
the death of Kenneth Tuczynski.
Zebrowski met Tuczynski at a gay
bar and went to the latter's apartment when the bar closed.
Tuczynski was later found naked and dead on his bedroom floor --
the victim of at least nine hammer blows to the head.
Zebrowski
stole Tuczynski's VCR and sold it to purchase cocaine.
At trial,
several witnesses testified about their knowledge of the events
that night.
There were many inconsistencies in the testimony,
but Zebrowski's claim was that he acted in self-defense when
Tuczynski attempted to sodomize him.
Among various objections
Zebrowski raised on appeal was an objection to the defense
calling the case a "gay-bashing" during its summation.
However,
because evidence had been presented that Tuczynski was a frequent
customer of the gay bar where he and defendant met, that
defendant had been to the bar before, and that defendant
testified he had acted in self-defense when Tuczynski attempted
forcefully to sodomize him, the court concluded that the remark
was not so inflammatory as to be unduly prejudicial to defendant.
The conviction was affirmed.
State v. Zebrowski, 1993 WL 485906
(N.Y.A.D. 3rd Dep't., Nov. 24)
A.T.
Law & Society Notes
On Nov. 24, the federal Office of Personnel Management (OPM)
became the first federal agency to extend formal recognition to a
gay, lesbian and bisexual employee organization, in a letter from
the Office's Director, James King, to OPM employees.
The letter
stated that OPM has added sexual orientation to its non-
discrimination policy.
Early in December, U.S. Rep. Barney Frank
(D.-Mass.) issued a press release indicating that the Clinton
Administration had decided not to issue a presidential executive
order banning anti-gay discrimination, but rather to request that
the heads of each federal department or agency adopt their own
gay-affirmative anti-discrimination policy, as a few departments
in addition to OPM already have done. (See related items below on
the Justice Department and FBI, and the Department of Health and
Human Services).
The Administration's strategy was to avoid a
direct confrontation with Congress, which it was feared a
presidential executive order might provoke. Frank expressed his
expectation that the policies would extend to a reform of the
security clearance process to remove the use of consensual gay
sex as a disqualifying factor. * * * California judges voted in a
mail ballot to reject a proposal to amend their ethical code to
require judges to refrain from joining clubs or organizations
that discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation.
According
to San Francisco's Daily Journal (Nov. 23), the vote was 745-415,
and a main point of argument against the proposal was that it
could require judges to drop affiliations with the Boy Scouts of
America, which adamantly sticks to its discriminatory policy. * *
* The U.S. Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation (an agency of DOJ) have announced new policies with
respect to homosexuality.
The FBI announced that it was adding
"sexual orientation" to its official non-discrimination policy
and would no longer discriminate against lesbians and gay men in
hiring.
We're not holding our breath on this one.
The Justice
Department indicated it will no longer treat homosexuality as a
reason for special investigation in granting security clearances
to employees or applicants, stating that "no inference concerning
susceptibility to coercion may be raised solely on the basis of
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or
sexual orientation of the applicant or employee."
Shortly after
these announcements, the government announced Dec. 11 that a
settlement had been negotiated in Frank Buttino's discrimination
suit against the FBI; under the settlement, Buttino will receive
damages but not reinstatement, the Bureau will adopt a written
policy against anti-gay discrimination that will not disqualify
applicants or agents based on their off-duty, consensual sexual
conduct, and a lesbian applicant from San Francisco who had been
turned down for employment will be hired.
The settlement is
subject to court approval, since it came just as the trial of the
case was beginning. * * *
U.S. Secretary of Health and Human
Services Donna Shalala issued a policy statement in December
banning sexual orientation discrimination in her department, and
authorizing departmental equal opportunity officers to process
complaints of sexual orientation discrimination, according to a
Dec. 17 report in The Washington Blade. * * * Massachusetts is
apparently the first state to pass a law specifically outlawing
discrimination against gay and lesbian students in the public
schools.
The law, which passed after earnest lobbying by high
school students, was signed by Governor William Weld on Dec. 10.
Weld had appointed a Task Force to study the situation facing
lesbian and gay youth, and supported the Task Force's
recommendation to enact such a law, which was in the form of an
amendment to existing rules forbidding race, color, sex,
religious, and national origin discrimination.
According to the
Boston Globe, the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights
condemned the law, claiming that it was intended to advance
"homosexual ideology and empowerment."
Right on! * * * The
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force Policy Institute announced
preliminary results from a survey of the Fortune 1000 (1000
largest U.S. corporations) on gay rights and AIDS issues.
243
chief executive officers responded to the Task Force's survey,
but only 98 agreed to participate in the survey.
Of those 98, 71
stated that sexual orientation is included in their company's
non-discrimination policy.
Only five of the responding companies
give domestic partnership benefits, 21 percent recognize
lesbian/gay employee groups, and 71 percent provide AIDS
education and/or special AIDS awareness training for employees or
managers.
The Task Force expects to issue a formal report on the
survey next spring, according to BNA's Daily Labor Report (No.
242, Dec. 20). * * *
In an important affirmance of
constitutional protection for the privacy and liberty interests
of pregnant women, the Illinois courts upheld the right of a
woman nearing the end of pregnancy to refuse a Caesarian section,
which doctors said was necessary to save her fetus from likely
death or severe brain damage on delivery.
The woman determined
to refuse the procedure on religious grounds.
Cook County,
Illinois, Public Guardian Patrick T. Murphy brought an action in
the interest of the fetus to have a court order the woman to
submit to the procedure, but the Illinois courts upheld her
refusal and the U.S. Supreme Court denied an emergency petition
to intervene.
The case of the anonymous woman received
nationwide media exposure during the second week of December. * *
*
In Dec. 14 balloting, voters in Canby, Oregon, removed two
city council members who opposed an anti-gay rights measure
passed by voters last spring. Joe Driggers and Maureen Miltenberg
were each removed by a margin of about 350 votes out of less than
3,000 votes cast. The two had joined a lawsuit attempting to
block the anti-gay measure.
The next day, Jackson Country,
Oregon, Circuit Judge L.L. Sawyer issued an injunction blocking
the effectuation of Ballot Measure 15-1, approved by 59% of the
voters in Jackson County on Sept. 21.
Measure 15-1 would have
banned the county from enacting or enforcing any policy of
protecting gay people from discrimination.
The judge found
Measure 15-1 in violation of a state law passed over the summer.
A similar ballot measure in Josephine County was invalidated
earlier, according to the San Francisco Sentinel. * * * The
United Way of Greater New Haven, Conn., voted to discontinue
funding agencies that discriminate on the basis of sexual
orientation, effective with its 1995 funding year.
The stimulus
was discrimination by the local Boy Scouts of America council
against a gay volunteer scout leader.
United Way is a major
funder of scout troops. A.S.L.
International Notes
The constitution agreed upon by the South African government and
the African National Congress has a non-discrimination provision
that includes "sexual orientation." * * * New South Wales,
Australia's most populous state, passed a gay rights law Nov. 17,
according to the Washington Blade. * * * On Dec. 12, the National
Labor Court in Israel affirmed a trial court's ruling that El Al
Airlines must treat the domestic partner of Jonathan Danilowitz,
a gay flight attendant, as equivalent to a spouse with respect to
the airline's practice of providing one free flight a year for
the spouses of employees.
The court based its ruling on a law
forbidding sexual orientation discrimination in employment,
according to the Jerusalem Post.
However, the court rejected an
alternative argument that gay couples be considered common law
spouses, according to Dan Yakir, Legal Director of the Tel Aviv
Chapter of the Association for Civil Rights in Israel, who sent
us the Post clipping. * * * According to press reports, the U.S.
State Department has backed down from its threat to have the
International Lesbian and Gay Association's UN status revoked due
to NAMBLA's membership in ILGA.
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Will HIV-Infected Physicians Be Barred From Invasive Procedures
by Tort Law Developments?
A Dec. 14 decision by the Court of Appeals of Minnesota in K.A.C.
v. Benson, 1993 WL 515825, adds fuel to the fire generated by
Maryland's highest court in Faya v. Almaraz, 620 A.2d 327 (1993)
and the California Court of Appeal in Kerins v. Hartley, 21 Cal.
Rptr. 2d 621 (1993), all three courts upholding tort actions by
non-HIV-infected patients against HIV-infected physicians who
performed "invasive procedures" without disclosing their HIV-
status.
Meanwhile, the California Supreme Court granted review
in Kerins on Oct. 28; in California, a grant of review has the
effect of vacating the Court of Appeal decision, which thus has
no precedential effect.
This body of appellate decisions proceeds on the theory that a
patient who learns that his or her physician was HIV-infected at
the time of treatment may have a cause of action for intentional
or negligent infliction of emotional distress (depending upon the
circumstances), at least from the time they gain such knowledge
until such time that they can receive a firm assurance that they
are not themselves infected.
These cases also support the theory
that if the physician fails to disclose his or her HIV status
upon the request of the patient prior to performance of the
medical procedure, then the procedure has been performed without
informed consent, subjecting the physician to potential liability
for battery.
The Minnesota court of appeals in K.A.C. also held
that plaintiffs stated a potential claim for negligent non-
disclosure and consumer fraud.
The Minnesota case was complicated by bad facts, as the
defendant, Dr. Philip D. Benson, a gynecologist who is apparently
still practicing and eventually disclosed his HIV-status to
patients in a letter, developed "oozing sores on his hands and
arms" while continuing to perform gynecological examinations.
There was a dispute as to whether the Minnesota Board of Medical
Examiners instructed him not to perform gynecological exams, even
while wearing gloves, under these circumstances.
The court of
appeals held that if he was directly disobeying the instructions
of the Board, he could be sued for intentional infliction of
emotional distress.
This developing trend seems certain to alarm medical malpractice
insurers, who might be moved to demand HIV testing of health care
workers who perform invasive procedures (as broadly defined by
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) before the
insurers will be willing to write malpractice policies,
particularly if these cases eventuate in significant damage
awards.
Although there continues to be a lack of scientific
proof of any tangible risk of HIV transmission from physicians to
patients during surgery or gynecological examinations, liability
based on fear is becoming popular.
Perhaps a more sober
evaluation by the California Supreme Court in Kerins will stem
the tide. A.S.L.
3rd Circuit Revives Disability Benefits Case
In a unanimous decision Dec. 15, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 3rd Circuit revived a suit by several persons with HIV-
infection against the Social Security Administration (SSA),
concerning the way SSA determines applications for disability
benefits.
Rosetti v. Shalala, 1993 WL 515675.
The case was
dismissed by the district court on a variety of non-substantive
grounds, including mootness.
The court of appeals determined
that the trial court has jurisdiction to determine whether to
certify a class action, and, if such certification occurs, to
consider whether any class members have live claims sufficient to
support adjudication on the merits.
Eligibility for Social Security Disability benefits is determined
by evaluating the claimant's impairments against a list of
qualifying impairments.
When SSA began to receive disability
claims from PWAs in the early 1980s, many of their impairments
were not on the list.
SSA issued informal guidelines beginning
in 1983 to instruct local offices on how to deal with AIDS-
related claims.
By the late 1980s, the varieties of HIV-related
claims were expanding, but SSA internal guidelines were lagging
behind.
According to the complaint filed by several HIV-infected
persons whose claims had been denied, SSA relied on early studies
by the CDC that focused on HIV-related impairments in white,
middle-class gay men; as a result, the guidelines failed to take
account of impairments that affect HIV-infected women, children,
IV-drug users and people of color.
The plaintiffs sought
certification of a class of all HIV-infected persons within the
3rd Circuit, a declaration that SSA's guidelines were adopted in
violation of the Administrative Procedure Act's notice and
comment requirements (which would, they allege, have ameliorated
the problem by confronting SSA with evidence of other HIV-related
impairments), an order that SSA adopt formal regulations
following APA procedures, and an order that plaintiffs be granted
benefits to which they were entitled.
While the plaintiffs'
motion for class certification was pending, SSA judges granted
appeals awarding them benefits, and SSA commenced formal rule-
making proceedings (undoubtedly spurred, in part, by the pendency
of this case).
SSA moved to dismiss the case as moot.
The trial
judge found that the named class members no longer had a personal
stake, since they obtained the benefits they sought, and
dismissed the case for failure to state a claim, asserting that
SSA's commencement of rulemaking gave the plaintiffs the relief
they sought.
The court of appeals held that the district court misconstrued
3rd Circuit precedents on an intricate point of federal
procedure:
A plaintiff who is seeking class certification
retains standing to obtain a determination of the appropriateness
of class certification even after his or her individual claim
becomes moot.
Once the district judge decided that the
plaintiff's claims were moot, he lacked jurisdiction to make any
other decisions in the case until after determining the claim for
class certification; consequently, the decision dismissing the
case was beyond the jurisdiction of the district court.
Furthermore, deciding whether to certify a class is not a
meaningless exercise, because after class certification it may be
that there are many class members who would still have a claim
for benefits denied under the old guidelines before the new
regulations went into effect, so the district court would have to
determine whether those guidelines were adopted in violation of
the APA and whether to order SSA to reconsider those denied
claims using the newer regulatory standards (which do take
account of some HIV-related impairments affecting a broader
population).
This opinion will make fascinating reading for federal
jurisdiction mavens.
More importantly, it holds out the promise
of important financial relief for HIV-infected people who may
have been wrongly denied disability benefits (or, through their
estates, to their surviving heirs).
A.S.L.
Life Imitates Art Imitating Life
On Dec. 22, the first major film studio release on AIDS
discrimination, Philadelphia, opened in several cities.
The film
is partly inspired by Cain v. Hyatt, 734 F.Supp. 671 (E.D.Pa.
1990), in which a federal court awarded damages under a state
disability discrimination law to an attorney with AIDS who was
discharged from employment.
The Philadelphia setting of Cain
gave the film its setting and title, although the dramatic
setting was drastically modified.
Ironically, as the film was
receiving its pre-release publicity, an attorney with AIDS in
Philadelphia was suing the firm of Kohn, Nast & Graf, P.C.,
alleging he had been discharged in violation of the Americans
With Disabilities Act, in a case that more closely resembles the
film plot than Cain.
The coincidence did not escape the press:
The Philadelphia Inquirer ran a lengthy article Nov. 16, and
there was full-page treatment in the National Law Journal on Dec.
20.
Doe v. Kohn, Nast & Graf P.C., No. 93-CV-4510, is pending in
the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
The parties have come to blows over the defendants' objection to
the plaintiff proceeding anonymously; the defendants twice used
the plaintiff's name in papers submitted to the court, but U.S.
District Judge Robert S. Gawthrop 3d warned them that if it
happened again "sanctions will rain so hard as to make Noah look
as though he was on the Sahara," according to the Inquirer.
Stay
tuned for developments.
Might this trial be a candidate for
Court TV (which Doe suitably obscured by the camera)? A.S.L.
Court Denies Request for Discovery of HIV-Status in Products
Liability Case
U.S. District Judge Bowler (D. Mass.) denied requests by products
liability defendants to discover the HIV status of the plaintiff
in a case where future earnings damages were at stake.
Sacramona
v. Bridgestone/Firestone, Inc., 1993 WL 522831 (Dec. 3).
Plaintiff Robert Sacramona was injured in an explosion while
mounting a tire manufactured by one defendant on a rim
manufactured by another defendant.
In the products liability
litigation, plaintiff claims lost future earnings as an element
of damages.
During discovery, defendants learned that the
plaintiff is a former drug abuser and a bisexual who admitted
engaging in unprotected homosexual activity.
Although
Sacramona's doctor urged him to take an HIV test, he refused to
do so.
Defendants moved to compel Sacramona to take the test and
disclose the result as data relevant to his claim for lost future
earnings; in the alternative, they moved that he be precluded
from offering evidence at trial of his life expectancy or future
earnings.
Judge Bowler denied the defendants' motion.
While noting that
broad discovery of relevant information is normally allowed under
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 26, and physical exams are
specifically authorized under Rule 35(a) when a party puts his or
her physical condition in issue, the rule puts the burden of
showing "good cause" to justify such an intrusive discovery
demand on the defendants.
Said Bowler, "The relevance of the
results from a compelled blood test to plaintiff's cause of
action is too attenuated.
In essence, defendants are asking this
court to take extraordinary measures because plaintiff's admitted
lifestyle is relevant to the possibility that plaintiff might be
infected with AIDS, which is relevant to plaintiff's life
expectancy, which is relevant to future damages in plaintiff's
underlying cause of action.
Defendants essentially seek to
engage in `wholly exploratory operations in the vague hope that
something helpful will turn up.' See Mack v. Great Atlantic &
Pacific Tea Co., 871 F.2d 179 (1st Cir. 1989).
As such, the
information defendants seek, which is not yet in existence, is
not relevant under Rule 26 and this court exercises its
discretion to limit defendants' discovery."
Bowler specifically
declined to follow the precedent of Pettyjohn v. Goodyear Tire
and Rubber Co., 1992 WL 105162 (E.D.Pa. 1992), a similar case
where an HIV test of the plaintiff was ordered, noting that in a
recent unpublished decision, another Massachusetts district judge
had denied a similar discovery request.
This opinion is
scheduled for publication in Federal Rules Decisions.
A.S.L.
HIV Employment & Benefits Litigation Updates
Labor Arbitrator Don J. Harr ruled in Ogden Allied Plant
Maintenance Co., 101 Lab. Arb. (BNA) 467 (1993), that he was
without authority to order an employer to create a "light duty"
job to accommodate an employee who sustained a mildly disabling
on-the-job injury.
Harr rejected the argument that he had
authority derived from the Americans With Disabilities Act,
relying on established labor arbitration precedents that an
arbitrator's authority is limited to enforcing the collective
bargaining agreement.
Evidently, the agreement in question did
not incorporate federal or state civil rights laws by reference.
There is a minority view among labor arbitrators that they do
have such authority. A.S.L. * * * On Dec. 21, U.S. District Judge
Richard H. Kyle approved a consent decree in Estate of Kadinger
v. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 110, No.
CIV 3-93-159 (D.Minn.), under which the defendant union's health
plan will remove a $50,000 lifetime cap on AIDS-related benefits
and pay $100,000 to the estate of a union member, Mark Kadinger,
who died from AIDS.
The action was brought under the Americans
With Disabilities Act.
The union plan claimed it was not subject
to the employment provisions of ADA, but apparently decided to
settle in light of the EEOC's announced position that AIDS caps
are not actuarially justified.
As part of the settlement, the
union must provide educational seminars on ADA requirements for
all fund trustees, and donate $2,000 in Kadinger's memory to the
Minnesota AIDS Project, according to BNA's Daily Labor Report
(No. 244, 12/22/93). A.S.L. * * * In County of Fauquier Emergency
Services v. Clayton, 1993 WL 479766 (Va. App., Nov. 23),
appellants contended that the state Workers' Compensation
Commission erred in finding that immunoglobulin shots and testing
for Hepatitis B (HBV) and HIV constituted reasonable and
necessary medical treatment for which the employer is
responsible.
The claimant was an EMS worker who suffered a
needle stick while treating a patient.
At the time of the
incident, it was unknown whether the patient had HIV or HBV.
The
court ruled that the appeal was without merit after a review of
the record and the briefs. S.K. * * * U.S. District Judge Joyce
Hens Green ruled Dec. 21 that the District of Columbia Fire
Department violated sec. 504 of the Rehabilitation Act when it
restricted a hepatitis-B infected firefighter from performing
mouth-to-mouth resuscitation for which he was certified.
Roe v.
District of Columbia, 1993 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 18071.
She relied on
expert testimony that HBV transmission through saliva has yet to
be documented, and thus found that "significant risk" of
transmission is lacking. A.S.L.
HIV Torts Litigation Updates
In Bramer v. Dotson, 1993 WL 486022 (Nov. 23), the West Virginia
Supreme Court ruled that a cause of action for negligent
infliction of emotional distress was stated where the defendants
were alleged to have misdiagnosed the plaintiff's illness as HIV-
infection, that the record was not ripe for determination whether
a cause of action for reckless infliction of emotional distress
was stated, and that claims for mental or emotional injuries
arising from severe emotional distress are injuries to the person
warranting consideration under a two-year statute of limitations.
The alternative would have been suit under West Virginia's one-
year statute governing torts not actionable at common law, which
would have required dismissal of the action. S.K. * * *
In
Carroll v. Sisters of Saint Francis Health Services, Inc., 1993
Tenn. LEXIS 447 (Dec. 20), the Tennessee Supreme Court lined up
with jurisdictions that will deny a cause of action for negligent
infliction of emotional distress based on fear of contracting
AIDS unless the plaintiff can show he or she was actually exposed
to HIV.
The plaintiff was visiting her sister in the hospital.
After washing her hands, she reached into an unlabelled container
for a paper towel and pricked herself on a sharp object.
She was
later told the container was for "contaminated needles."
She
repeatedly tested negative for HIV, but sued the hospital
claiming severe emotional distress.
After reviewing cases from
other jurisdictions going in all different directions on the
basic issue, Justice Frank F. Drowota III concluded that
Tennessee should adhere to its established approach of requiring
a plaintiff to prove actual exposure (although not requiring
proof of transmission).
Because the appeal was on a summary
judgment ruling, the matter was remanded to the trial court.
A.S.L. * * *
Gina Seimon appealed from a trial court's order granting summary
judgment to the manufacturer of hospital syringes.
Seimon, a
nurse, instructed an outpatient how to self-inject insulin.
The
patient injected herself, capped the syringe and handed it to
Seimon, who was pricked because the needle penetrated the side of
the needle cap.
Seimon became "emotionally upset due to her
belief that she was exposed to the AIDS virus" and "sought
counseling to cope with her fears that she had contracted a
deadly, incurable disease."
On appeal, Seimon v. Becton
Dickinson & Co., 1993 WL 483769 (Ohio App., Nov. 18), appellant
argued that the defective needle cap was the proximate cause of
her emotional suffering.
The court observed that "where the
appellant has failed to provide any evidence on the issue of
causation, no question of fact is present.
The appellant here
has failed to produce any evidence that she was, in fact, exposed
to HIV . . . [a]bsent some showing that the defective cap was the
proximate cause of her emotional distress, the appellant cannot
recover."
Because there had been no such showing, the court
overruled appellant's assignment of error. C.C. * * * In Doe v.
McNulty, 1993 WL 496109 (Dec. 3), the Louisiana Court of Appeal,
4th Circuit, considered whether the jury committed "manifest
error" in awarding plaintiff Jane Doe $700,000 in general damages
and $314,000 in medical and special damages, based on her claim
that the doctors' delay in informing her that she was HIV-
positive was negligent.
Doe was exposed to HIV through sexual
contact in 1980.
She first consulted the defendants in August
1990, but they failed to diagnose her as either HIV+ or as having
AIDS.
In November 1990, she was diagnosed with "active AIDS,"
having contracted pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP).
Doe said
that the doctors' negligent delay caused her to lose one year of
life AIDS-free, one year of her life expectancy, and one year of
her ability to work.
Although the court concluded that the
general damage award of $700,000 was excessive, it was upheld
under the limited power of the court to disturb general damage
awards.
The court adjusted the special damage award to reflect
only Doe's actual medical expenses in the amount of $76,337.62.
A.T. * * * The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation
announced Dec. 7 that it will consolidate cases pending all over
the country against manufacturers of blood clotting medication
brought by HIV-infected hemophiliacs into one trial in the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, under the
title In re "Factor VIII or IX Concentrate Blood Products"
Products Liability Litigation.
See 1993 Westlaw 518621.
The
consolidation order was opposed by the manufacturers. A.S.L. * *
* Despite negligence by a local chapter of the Red Cross, a
federal district court ruled that when a blood donor does not
heed a warning urging members of high risk groups to refrain from
donating blood, the necessary chain of causation is broken and
the recipient of the donor's HIV-contaminated blood is precluded
from recovering against the blood bank.
Marcella v. Brandywine
Hospital, 1993 WL 515468 (E.D.Pa., Nov. 29). Plaintiff brought
suit against the Red Cross and its Penn-Jersey regional office,
claiming that they failed to provide the HIV+ donor whose blood
she received with the generally accepted definition of high risk
groups.
In December 1984, the federal government changed this
definition from "sexually active homosexuals or bisexuals with
multiple partners" to "homosexual and bisexual males having more
than one partner at any time since 1979".
In January 1985, the
donor gave the first unit of HIV-infected blood received by
plaintiff, on which date the Penn-Jersey regional office provided
the donor with literature using the pre-December 1984 risk group
definitions because they had not yet exhausted their supply.
When the donor gave blood in June 1985, he was given the post-
December 1984 literature, although he continued to believe that
he was not within an HIV risk group.
On the theory that the
donor might have hesitated to give blood had the definition
included "more than one partner at any time since 1979," Judge
Fullam determined that the Penn-Jersey office's "unreasonable
turgidity" in distributing the outdated literature constituted
negligence.
However, the court denied plaintiff's request for
recovery because she had received another blood donation made by
the same donor six months later, at which time he had been
advised that those who had more than one homosexual or bisexual
partner "since 1979" were considered high risk.
Thus, even if
the Red Cross had provided the donor with the proper definition
of high risk groups before the earlier donation, he probably
would have donated the infected blood which ultimately was used
during plaintiff's transfusion. R.B. * * * The 8th Circuit Court
of Appeals ruled Dec. 10 that a military reservist, his wife and
child could not sue the government for negligence in connection
with HIV infection acquired by the reservist during a surgical
procedure in 1983.
C.R.S. v. U.S., 1993 WL 503496.
The
reservist claimed he was infected as a result of negligent
screening of donated blood at Martin Army Community Hospital in
Georgia.
After his surgery and completion of his training, the
reservist returned to his home in Minnesota, married and had a
child.
In 1989, the reservist discovered that he, his wife and
child were all HIV+.
Subsequently, during a military look-back
program, a donor whose blood was used for the transfusion also
tested positive.
The suit was brought on claims of negligence in
the original blood transfusion process, and negligent failure of
the military to notify the reservist of his infection, resulting
in subsequent infection of his wife and child.
The trial court
dismissed the case on motion by the government, which contended
that suit was barred by the "discretionary function" exception to
the Federal Torts Claims Act (FTCA).
The FTCA waives the
government's sovereign immunity in torts cases, with specified
exceptions.
One is for discretionary functions, such as adopting
policies for governmental purposes.
Affirming the district
court, the court of appeals found that the decision to adopt
particular procedures for blood transfusions in government
hospitals was a discretionary function, as was the decision to
adopt particular procedures for identifying and notifying persons
infected in government hospitals.
Dissenting from the later
conclusion, Circuit Judge John R. Gibson contended that the
failure-to-warn claim turned on negligent lack of compliance with
a 1986 Surgeon General directive, and thus was not within the
discretionary function exception. A.S.L. * * * Answering a
certified question posed by the U.S. District Court for the
District of South Carolina, the South Carolina Supreme Court held
Dec. 6 that an action against the Red Cross for supplying HIV-
infected blood for transfusion was governed by the general
negligence statute of limitations (6 years) rather than the
medical malpractice statute of limitations (3 years), Swanigan v.
American National Red Cross, 1993 WL 511792, thus joining a
growing list of state courts so holding in HIV-transmission cases
in Florida, Maryland, Minnesota, and Wisconsin.
Red Cross has
consistently argued, usually but not always unsuccessfully, that
supplying blood is "medical service," thus making Red Cross a
"health care provider" bringing it within the scope of special
statutes adopting short limitations period for medical
malpractice cases.
Just a few days earlier, the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois made a similar ruling
under Illinois law in Nigohosian v. American Red Cross, 1993 WL
499220 (Dec. 3).
Although there is no Illinois appellate
decision on point, District Judge Shadur found persuasive the
Wisconsin Supreme Court's decision to the same effect in Doe v.
American National Red Cross, 500 N.W.2d 264 (1993), in which the
Wisconsin court was answering a certified question from the 7th
Circuit.
A.S.L. * * * The New York Law Journal reported Dec. 21
that New York State Court of Claims Judge Israel Margolis denied
a request by a Jane Doe plaintiff to accelerate the payment of
damages awarded to her against the State of New York in an HIV
transmission case.
The plaintiff, a nurse who was found to have
been infected through the negligence of state prison guards who
failed to intervene as she struggled with an HIV-infected
prisoner, asserted that the normal timetable dictated by state
law for paying out large damage awards would deprive her of most
of her recovery, given her HIV-infected condition.
Margolis
pointed out that the bulk of the award was to compensate
plaintiff for pain and suffering due to her infection.
If she
dies sooner, she will have had less time of pain and suffering.
The award was not for the benefit of her heirs, who would get
most of the money if it was paid out now and she died soon
thereafter.
A.S.L.
Miscellaneous AIDS Litigation Briefs
In an unpublished order, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th
Circuit denied a motion by the defendant in Doe v. Celtic Life
Insurance Co., No. 93-4276 (Dec. 7) to require the plaintiff to
shed his anonymity in bringing suit over a claim that the
defendant unlawfully canceled his health insurance policy when it
found out he was HIV+. A.S.L. * * * The U.S. District Court in
Wyoming dismissed the claim of a state prison inmate that the
prison has a constitutional duty to segregate HIV+ inmates who
might present a danger to other inmates.
Goss v. Sullivan, 1993
WL 522856 (D.Wy., Dec. 6).
The plaintiff was in a fight with
another inmate in which blood was shed.
A guard refused to get
involved, stating that the other inmate had AIDS.
The plaintiff
was subsequently notified by prison authorities that he should be
tested, because the other inmate was a confirmed HIV-carrier.
The plaintiff claimed that prison officials had an obligation to
identify to other prisoners and to segregate all HIV+ prisoners.
In response to the state's motion to dismiss, the plaintiff
narrowed his claim, asserting that the state has a duty to
protect inmates from HIV exposure in circumstances where the
state knew that an inmate prone to violence was HIV+.
Evaluating
this narrowed contention, District Judge Johnson held,
"Allegations of a generalized fear of contracting AIDS from
allegedly aggressive HIV-positive inmates and conclusory
allegations that prison officials were or are aware of such
intentions but have done nothing to intervene, are insufficient
to state a constitutionally inhumane condition of confinement or
a culpable state of mind. . ."
A.S.L. * * * The N.Y. Appellate
Division, 4th Department, ruled Nov. 19 in Syracuse Community
Health Center v. Wendi A.M., 1993 WL 477339, that the Health
Center did not unlawfully discriminate against an HIV+ patient
when white paper toweling was draped on exposed surfaces in the
treatment room prior to performing a dental procedure.
The Human
Rights Commissioner found that this "differential" treatment was
discriminatory.
Reversing the Commissioner, the court commented:
"Although OSHA guidelines suggest that dental care providers
treat every patient as if he or she were infected, in our view it
does not rationally follow that a dental care provider that takes
an extra precaution in the privacy of the treatment room in the
case of an identified HIV positive patient has unlawfully
discriminated against that patient."
The court emphasized that
these precautions would not be visible from the waiting room and
that only the patient and clinic staff were aware that the extra
precautions were taken. A.S.L. * * * The Court of Appeal of
Louisiana, 5th Circuit, upheld a trial judge's order that a gay,
HIV+ father be denied contact with his 6-year-old son, over whom
his ex-wife has sole custody.
Manale v. Manale, 1993 WL 481827
(Nov. 24).
The trial court received testimony from a court-
appointed psychiatrist that Manale was "a pathological liar" with
"an anti-social personality disorder with strong narcissistic
features."
Manale is on probation after pleading guilty to
felony theft; the criminal court judge ordered him to avoid all
contact with his wife or "her family" as a condition of
probation.
The appeals court opined that the record supported
the "obvious finding that either joint custody or visitation
would be detrimental to [the son's] best interest." A.S.L. * * *
The New York Law Journal reported Dec. 21 that N.Y. Supreme Court
Justice George Cobb (Albany County) ruled in Board of Education
v. Sobel that the N.Y. State Education Department had properly
voided Resolution 33 of the N.Y. City Board of Education, which
had mandated that a majority of all AIDS education time in the
city's public schools be spent on teaching about abstinence as
the only sure way to prevent HIV transmission.
We had not
obtained the decision by presstime, but will provide details next
month. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
JOB ANNOUNCEMENT
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund is accepting applications
for the position of AIDS Project Director, based in its N.Y. City
office.
Qualifications include "five years of legal experience,
preferably with extensive litigation experience, significant
leadership skills, excellent speaking and writing abilities,
demonstrated commitment to the concerns of lesbians, gay men, and
people with HIV/AIDS, and a firm commitment to multiculturalism."
Beginning salary is low to mid 40s, depending on experience, plus
benefits.
Send resume and writing sample by January 31, 1994, to
Beatrice Dohrn, Legal Director, Lambda Legal Defense Fund, 666
Broadway, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10012.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Fineman, Martha Albertson, Our Sacred Institution: The Ideal of
the Family in American Law and Society, 1993 Utah L. Rev. 387
(1993).
Kagan, Elena, Regulation of Hate Speech and Pornography After
R.A.V., 60 U. Chi. L. Rev. 873 (Summer/Fall 1993).
Murphy, Arthur A., Homosexuality and the Law: Tolerance and
Containment II, 97 Dickinson L. Rev. 693 (Summer 1993)
(Proceeding from the premise that society has a legitimate
interest to deter homosexual practice by all those whose sexual
orientation is not entirely gay, Murphy suggests reforming sodomy
laws to decriminalize same-sex contact only between "true
homosexuals" -- ditto with respect to discrimination laws, etc.
Pity the poor bisexual in his "tolerant" universe!).
Nestlerode, Jana, Re-"Righting" the Right to Privacy: The Supreme
Court and the Constitutional Right to Privacy in Criminal Law, 41
Cleveland State L. Rev. 59 (1993).
Perkins, Juliette, Sexual Orientation and Good Moral Character --
Is Inquiry Permissible?, 62 The Bar Examiner No. 4, 14 (Nov.
1993).
Sunstein, Cass R., Words, Conduct, Caste, 60 U. Chi. L. Rev. 795
(Summer/Fall 1993).
Wesson, Marianne, Girls Should Bring Lawsuits Everywhere. . .
Nothing Will Be Corrupted: Pornography as Speech and Product, 60
U. Chi. L. Rev. 845 (Summer/Fall 1993).
Student Notes & Comments:
Burke, Craig Cassin, Fencing Out Politically Unpopular Groups
from the Normal Political Processes: The Equal Protection
Concerns of Colorado Amendment Two, 69 Ind. L. J. 275 (Winter
1993).
Hunt, Rosina L., Natural Law v. Positive Law: Interpreting
Morality, 28 N. Eng. L. Rev. 231 (Fall 1993).
Justice, J. Steven, Ethnic Intimidation Statutes Post-R.A.V.:
Will They Withstand Constitutional Scrutiny?, 62 U. Cin. L. Rev.
113 (Summer 1993).
Meyers, Felicia, Gay Custody and Adoption: An Unequal Application
of the Law, 14 Whittier L. Rev. 839 (1993).
Peluso, Marie Elena, Tempering Title VII's Straight Arrow
Approach: Recognizing and Protecting Gay Victims of Employment
Discrimination, 46 Vanderbilt L. Rev. 1533 (Nov. 1993).
Sabey, Clark W., Scalpels and Meat Cleavers: Carving a Public
Policy Limitation to the At-Will Employment Policy, 1993 Utah L.
Rev. 597 (1993).
Salmon, Katharine A., Child Custody Modification Based on a
Parent's Non-Marital Cohabitation: Protecting the Best Interests
of the Child in Virginia, 27 U. Rich. L. Rev. 915 (Summer 1993).
Whitaker, Elise M., Pornographer Liability for Physical Harms
Caused by Obscenity and Child Pornography: A Tort Analysis, 27
Geo. L. Rev. 849 (Spring 1993).
R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul: How the Supreme Court Missed the
Writing on the Wall, 34 Boston Col. L. Rev. 771 (July 1993).
The Social Group That Dare Not Speak Its Name: Should Homosexuals
Constitute a Particular Social Group for Purposes of Obtaining
Refugee Status?
Comment on Re: Inaudi, 17 Fordham Int'l L. J.
229 (1993).
Book Reviews:
Arriola, Elvia R., Coming Out and Coming to Terms with Sexual
Identity, 68 Tulane L. Rev. 283 (Nov. 1993) (review of works by
Faderman, Fajer, and Robson).
Specially Noted:
The Women's Rights Law Reporter celebrates its 20th anniversary
in vol. 14, Nos. 2&3 (Spring/Fall 1992) with a retrospective of
significant articles, including several of special interest to
Law Notes readers: Nancy Polikoff, Why Are Mothers Losing: A
Brief Analysis of Criteria Used in Child Custody Determinations;
Annamay Sheppard, Lesbian Mothers II: Long Night's Journey Into
Day; Elvia Rosales Arriola, Sexual Identity and the Constitution:
Homosexual Persons as a Discrete and Insular Minority; Ruth Bader
Ginsburg, Sex Equality and the Constitution. * * * The
September/October 1993 issue of The Trademark Reporter (vol. 83,
no. 5) includes articles exploring the clash of First Amendment
free speech rights with the rights of trademark holders.
Of
particular interest is Arlen W. Langvardt, Trademark Rights and
First Amendment Wrongs: Protecting the Former Without Committing
the Latter (at p. 633), which is critical of the federal court
decision holding that the gay Pink Panther Patrol had infringed
MGM's trademark. * * * A letter to Sen. Sam Nunn urging complete
lifting of the ban on military service by open lesbians and gay
men by the Committees on Federal Legislation and Sex and Law of
the Association of the Bar of the City of New York is in 48 The
Record of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York 645
(June 1993).
Symposia:
Emerging Issues in State Constitutional Law, 66 Temple L. Rev.
No. 4 (Winter 1993).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Crossley, Mary A., Of Diagnoses and Discrimination:
Discriminatory Nontreatment of Infants With HIV Infection, 93
Col. L. Rev. 1581 (Nov. 1993).
Engel, Daniel A., and Sherri I. Giffin, Hot Employee Benefits
Issues: Vested Coverages, Retaliation, and Americans with
Disabilities Act, 28 Tort & Ins. L. J. 711 (Summer 1993) (claims
that ADA allows employers to cap or eliminate HIV-related
benefits).
Fox, Glenn D., and Alan L. Frank, Estate Planning for Terminally
Ill Taxpayers, 51 Taxation for Accountants 340 (Dec. 1993).
Harris, John and Soren Holm, If Only AIDS Were Different!, 23
Hastings Center Rep. No. 6, 6 (Nov-Dec 1993).
Jacobs, Daniel J., AIDS: A Selective Bibliography of Legal,
Social, and Medical Aspects; Update 8, 48 Record of the Assoc'n
of the Bar of the City of N.Y. 512 (May 1993).
Oddi, A. Samuel, Reverse Informed Consent: The Unreasonably
Dangerous Patient, 46 Vanderbilt L. Rev. 1417 (Nov. 1993)
(argument for patient liability in HIV transmission).
Student Notes & Comments:
Becker, Arthur J., Jr., The Competing Interests in HIV Disclosure
for Infected Health Care Workers: The Judicial and Legislative
Responses, 97 Dickinson L. Rev. 777 (Summer 1993).
Glick, Shanah D., Are Viatical Settlements Securities Within the
Regulatory Control of the Securities Act of 1933?, 60 U. Chi. L.
Rev. 957 (Summer/Fall 1993).
Huebner, Christine, Mandatory Testing of Health-Care Workers for
AIDS: When Positive Results Lead to Negative Consequences, 37
NYLS L. Rev. 339 (1992).
Wells, John B., Providing Relief to the Victims of Military
Medicine: A New Challenge to the Application of the Feres
Doctrine in Military Medical Malpractice Cases, 32 Duquesne L.
Rev. 109 (Fall 1993) (no explicit discussion of AIDS; Feres
doctrine has been major barrier to recovery for military
personnel).
Specially Noted:
The ACLU's AIDS & Civil Liberties Project has published a
"briefing book" titled The Americans With Disabilities Act: What
It Means for People Living With HIV Disease.
It includes
statutory text, regulations and commentary on ADA and question
and answer sections on the employment and public accommodations
requirements, prepared by Prof. Chai Feldblum of Georgetown
University.
The book also includes a reprint of an article by
Prof. Feldblum about medical testing of employees.
An appendix
summarizes disability discrimination laws of the states as of
March 1990.
Copies are available to legal advocates for PWAs
from the ACLU AIDS Project, 132 W. 43rd St., New York NY 10036.
Copies are available for sale to members of the public who are
not legal advocates for PWAs at $35 per copy. * * * He's at it
again: 7th Circuit Judge Richard Posner, with University of
Chicago Professor Thomas Philipson, has co-authored Private
Choices and Public Health: The AIDS Epidemic in an Economic
Perspective (Harvard University Press).
We have not seen the
book, but based on a review in the ABA Journal by Paul Reidinger,
we suspect it will make disheartening reading.
According to
Reidinger's review, the authors suggest that government has a
negative incentive to invest in finding treatments for AIDS that
prolong life, because it costs more to care for PWAs if they live
longer, and that, to quote Reidinger's summary, "most government
intervention in the AIDS epidemic is wasteful, useless or even
counterproductive."
One bright note: they apparently argue in
favor of something akin to same-sex marriage as a way of reducing
sexual promiscuity and the spread of HIV.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Law Notes OnLine
An abbreviated version of Law Notes is available in the Gay &
Lesbian Community Forum Resource Library of America OnLine, under
the title LeGaL Lesbian & Gay Law Notes in the text and archival
folders.
Contributing Writer Barnaby Millard edits each monthly
issue for the general reader.
Editor's Notes:
All viewpoints expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater N.Y.
Correspondence is
welcome and will be published subject to editing. * * * A reader
notes that our parenthetical comment in discussing a Wisconsin
child custody case on page 82 of the Nov. 1993 Law Notes should
have used the term "former spouse" rather than "ex-wife" in
reference to the strategic use of homosexuality in such disputes.
