http://www.lssmn.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home:
/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota (LSS) takes your privacy seriously. If you choose to provide us with personal information while visiting our website, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with LSS. LSS does not sell exchange or release your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
This privacy policy explains what information is collected online, how it is protected and how that information is used.
What Information is Collected and How it is Used
Certain forms on our website require visitors to provide contact information that may include your name, email address or other personal information. All information you provide us is confidential, and will be used for internal purposes only or to respond to your requests for information.
Please be aware that LSS has no control over the security of information contained in emails sent to us, and that this information can be intercepted by third parties on the Internet.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help us diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use to improve our site and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally-identifiable information.
Google Analytics
We utilize Google Analytics to gather broad demographic information about visits to our site so that we can analyze trends and improve our site for visitors.
Use of "Cookies"
Our website may use cookies to enhance your experience. Cookies are pieces of information that websites transfer to the computer that is browsing their site. Use of cookies makes visiting websites easier by performing certain functions, such as saving passwords or avoiding the prospect of filling out forms more than once. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is likely set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our website will not function properly when you view them.
Other Web Sites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Privacy of Health Information
You may be interested in knowing that Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota may obtain health information about you when it provides services to you. This website Privacy Policy does not discuss our practices relating to that health information. For more information, please read our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices which explains how Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota may use and disclose health information about you, certain rights you have relating to that health information and other information concerning how we protect the privacy of your health information.