http://www.beth-tzedec.org/page/privacy-policy
Home
Contact
Calendar
Login / Register
Donate
December 11 / 25th of Kislev
Menu
Services
Lifecycle Events
Jewish Learning
Programs & Events
Social Action / Tikkun Olam
Music
About Us
Donate
Login
December 11 / 25th of Kislev
Services& Sermons
About Services
Daily Services
Shabbat Services
Sermons
Writings from the Rabbis
Festivals & High Holy Days at Beth Tzedec
LifecycleEvents
About Life Cycle Events
Brit Milah / Baby Namings
B'nei Mitzvah
Conversions
Weddings
Illness
Death and Mourning
Planning Your Simhah
JewishLearning
About Jewish Learning
Shabbat Study
Weekday Learning
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Program
Congregational School
Museum
Scholarships
Programs& Events
About Programs & Events
Celebrate R'BFK Tribute Events
Families
Youth
Young Professionals
Adults
Seniors
Getting Involved
Social Action /Tikkun Olam
About Social Action
Community Action
Israel Action & Engagement
Interfaith Action
Music
About Music
Music of Prayer
Music Programs & Events
About Us
About Beth Tzedec
Contact Us
Our Spiritual Leadership
Our Professionals & Staff
Our Leadership
Becoming a Member
Publications & Archives
News
Articles
Cemetery
Beth Tzedec Calendar
Donate
Join
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
BETH
TZEDEC CONGREGATION WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Beth Tzedec Congregation (“BT”) recognizes your
right to privacy and is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of all of
our members, as well as visitors to this website and other online forums
through which you communicate with us. The main purpose of this website is to
provide information to our members and to others in the community on the
services, events and programs we offer. The intent of this Privacy Policy is to
detail our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure
by BT of the Personal Information you choose to share with us.
Your
Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection,
use and disclosure of your Personal Information by BT in accordance with the
terms of our Privacy Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post
those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any
changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective immediately following the posting
of such changes to this website. You agree to review our Privacy Policy from
time to time and agree that any use by you of this website after changes to our
Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of all
such changes. This Privacy Policy was last modified in March,
2013. Please also see our website's “Terms of Use” for other terms and
conditions governing your use of our website and our products and services.
Definitions
“Cookies” means small files sent to your browser
from a web server and stored in your computer.
“Information of a Non-Personal Nature” means any
non-confidential, non-proprietary information derived from your connection to
this website, such as your Internet browser, domain name and referrer link.
“Personal Information” means personally-identifiable
information including, without limitation, your name, street address, telephone
number and personal e-mail address.
Information
of a Non-Personal Nature
As a general policy, with the exception of IP
addresses, no Personal Information is automatically collected from visitors to
the BT website. BT may gather and analyse IP addresses and certain Information
of a Non-Personal Nature regarding website usage by visitors to the BT website.
Such data is used in an aggregate form to assist BT in determining general
usage patterns and to administer, diagnose problems with, and fine tune the
layout of, the BT website. We may share non-personal, summary, or aggregate
customer data with partners and other third parties at our discretion.
Cookies
BT may use Cookies to store and sometimes track
information about your use of our website. In addition to improving the general
layout of the website, Cookies allow us to customize our website to each
visitor's individual preferences. Although most web browsers automatically
accept Cookies, you can usually change your browser to prevent you from
receiving Cookies or to notify you whenever you are sent a Cookie so that you
may decide whether or not to accept it. If you decide not to accept a Cookie,
you can still enjoy all of the features of our website.
Collection,
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In certain portions of the BT website, certain
Personal Information may be voluntarily and knowingly provided to us by
visitors to the BT website. When entering a contest or requesting membership
information, for example, we will ask you for your name, email address, mailing
address, telephone number, as well as certain other information.
BT shall only collect Personal Information of
visitors to the BT website with prior notification and shall use all
commercially reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information. If you do
not want us to have access to your Personal Information, please do not provide
it while using this site. When you do provide Personal Information, you are
authorizing us to use it in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy and
any other applicable terms, including your right to limit our use of the
Personal Information (see “Contacting Us” below).
BT may use Personal Information for editorial,
feedback or other fully disclosed purposes, such as to enter you into a
contest, or issue you a tax receipt, or respond by email to an inquiry that you
posed on-line, to the extent such use by BT is explained to visitors when the
information is voluntarily and knowingly provided to BT. We may also match your
Personal Information that you provide to us on this website to information
contained in our membership database. Your Personal Information may also be
used by BT to contact you regarding other services, programs or events which
may be of interest to you.
We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any of your
Personal Information to any third party (with the exception of third parties
performing functions on our behalf who have an obligation to keep your
information completely confidential or a third party who buys our business)
unless you have authorized us to do so.
BT reserves the right to access and/or disclose
Personal Information where required to comply with applicable laws or lawful
government requests or, in BT’s reasonable opinion, to operate the BT website
properly and securely, or to protect BT or visitors to this website. BT, acting
reasonably, shall attempt to obtain the prior consent of the individual to whom
such Personal Information relates prior to disclosure to third parties. Your
Personal Information may be stored on servers hosted in the United States or otherwise outside of Canada.
A
Note to Parents
BT is sensitive to privacy issues and is committed
to protecting the on-line privacy of children and making the Internet safe for
our users. As a result, no Personal Information should be submitted to or
posted on this site by children under the age of 13 without their parent's or
guardian's permission. In addition, if a user younger than 13 wishes to send us
Personal Information, he or she must first give us his or her parent's or
guardian's email address so that we can obtain their permission, or have the
child's parent or guardian consent on his or her behalf. No Personal Information
will knowingly be accepted from a child under 13 before this permission is
obtained. Be assured that BT will not condition a child's participation in any
website activity on the child's disclosure of more Personal Information than is
reasonably necessary to participate in that activity.
If your child has already provided us with Personal
Information, you may ask to see this information for the purpose of correcting
it, or ask us to delete this information from our records entirely (see
“Contacting Us” below.)
Contacting
Us
We welcome your feedback. If you have questions,
comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, or would like to do any of the
following:
•  See Personal Information that you
have already sent us so that you can correct, update or delete your Personal
Information from our files
•  Once your minor child has sent us
Personal Information, see that Personal Information so that you can correct,
update or delete it
•  Ask
that we not send you mailings or otherwise contact you
•  Report
any violation of this Privacy Policy
Please contact the BT Privacy Officer by email at rspiegel@beth-tzedec.org or by regular mail at: 1700 Bathurst Street, Toronto, Ontario M5P 3K3  Tel: 416-781-3511.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2020 Beth Tzedec Congregation
1700 Bathurst Street Toronto ON M5P 3K3
Tel: 416-781-3511 Fax: 416-781-0150
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Admin Login