https://www.genealogymagazine.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | GenealogyMagazine.com
Home
About
Features
Videos
Images
Resources
Search
Donate
Blog
Shop
Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of www.GenealogyMagazine.com, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.GenealogyMagazine.com. By using the website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use this website.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.GenealogyMagazine.com. GenealogyMagazine.com is an informational website and online journal, freely available to its website visitors. No subscription or registration is offered for users to access this site. We do not collect credit card or other payment information on this website, nor do we maintain an email list. We only have access to personally identifying information if you voluntarily give it to us directly or via email. However, this information is not sold, rented, or leased to third parties.
Analytics
GenealogyMagazine.com collects non-personally-identifying information, utilizing Google Analytics to create summary statistics, which are used for determining traffic sources and number of visitors to the various pages of our site, what information is of most and least interest to site users, and identifying any system performance issues, with tracking by NK Google Analytics. However, we use IP address anonymization settings so that your full IP address is never written to disk.
How long we retain your data
We keep contact form entries for six months and analytics records for 14 months. Since visitors do not register to use our website, no personal information is stored.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. GenealogyMagazine.com uses cookies to help GenealogyMagazine.com identify and track visitors, their usage of GenealogyMagazine.com website, and their website access preferences. GenealogyMagazine.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using GenealogyMagazine.com’s website, with the drawback that certain features of GenealogyMagazine.com’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Third-party links and embedded content from other websites
Some content, applications, and advertisements (including Google Adsense) on GenealogyMagazine.com are served by third-parties. Our website, through its features and pages, links to other websites; however, we are not responsible for their content or their privacy policies. If you click on a link to visit another website, review its privacy policies before using that other website. Articles on our website may include embedded content (such as YouTube videos) from other sites, which behaves exactly the same way as if you’re visiting the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Affiliate advertising is also served by third parties. Once you click on an affiliate link or advertisement, you are leaving our website. When you make purchases through these third party sites, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, phone number, and credit/debit card information. Please note that in such cases, you are providing information to a third party and not to GenealogyMagazine.com. We have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the third party that operates a linked website may collect, use, disclose, secure or otherwise treat your personal information.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
GenealogyMagazine.com’s website includes social media features (such as the Facebook “Like” box). These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by Facebook’s privacy policy.
Social Media Comments
We collect the data related to the Facebook Comment you post on our website, only from your consent that you grant before posting Facebook Comment at our website. This data includes your Facebook account name, unique Facebook account identifier, unique identifier associated to the posted Facebook comment, unique open graph object identifier of the webpage at which you posted the comment, unique identifier associated to the parent comment if you reply to an existing comment. This data is used to show recent Facebook Comments made all over our website and/or to show the old comments made at non-SSL webpages before we moved our website to SSL. You can revoke this consent at any time by sending us an email.
Submissions
If you have submitted photographs, data, comments, or quotes to GenealogyMagazine.com via email, and if you would like us to have that information removed, please contact us.
Email Policy
If you choose to correspond with us via email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications used in the maintenance of information received online, mail, and telephone. However, we do not sell, rent, or lease this information to third parties, nor do we participate in telemarketing.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, GenealogyMagazine.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in GenealogyMagazine.com’s sole discretion.
Security
The website’s security is scanned on a regular basis.
For more information
If you need more information or have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us.
Disclaimer: We are not responsible if any content from this website which is reposted or republished elsewhere without our written permission.
Updated 29 May 2018
About Us   |
Contact Us  |
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 | WordPress Theme by MH Themes
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled