http://www.stclouddivorcelawyer.com/privacy
GERALD L. HASSELBRINK
Attorney, Mediator, and Arbitrator
Qualified Neutral Under Rule 114
of the Minnesota General Rules of Practice
PROVIDING NO-CONTACT SERVICES DURING THE
CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) PANDEMIC
St. Cloud - Sartell
St. Joseph - Waite Park
6027 19th St. N.
St. Cloud, Minnesota 56303
(320) 251-0222
contact by e-mail
PROBATE, ESTATES
PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE
WILLS, TRUSTS, ESTATE PLANNING
PERSONAL GUIDANCE:  Providing personal, confidential advice and services for spouses, family, and others affected by loss of a loved one.
Emphasizing efficient handling of probate and non-probate options for survivors and family members, joint owners, and others.
Management of estate issues, including property transfers, probate and nonprobate options, resolution of claims, disputed inheritances, real estate, and other matters.
PROBATE:  Litigation of issues related to probate.  Property collection and management, insurance, claims administration, bookkeeping, distributions, real estate issues, government claims, family concerns, and other issues.
Professional estate collection and management assures that obligations are fulfilled and heirs receive property as intended and permitted by law.
ESTATE PLANNING:  Preparation of wills and trusts for individuals and couples. Simple to complex.
TRUSTS:  Preparation of trusts for managing property and other purposes.
Administration of trusts through informal and formal procedures.
Resolution of trust issues through appropriate processes, including litigation.
More than 20 years experience assisting individuals and families with
personal, professional attention.
Member, Minnesota State Bar Association Probate and Trust Section.
Prompt personal attention to these important matters.
For more information and to set up an appointment
phone (320) 251-0222
Home
Divorce & Family Law
Noncontested or "Mediated" Divorce
Elder Law-Protection-Disabilities
Estate Planning, Probate, Wills, Trusts
Flat Fee Wills & Estate Review
Real Estate
Business Matters
Litigation
Mediation & Parenting Time Expeditor
Arbitration
Privacy | Online Payments
IMPORTANT PRIVACY NOTICE
Information sent over computer servers is generally not secure.
As a general rule, I advise that communications which are confidential in nature, or intended to remain private, should not be sent electronically.
In addition, there is always a possibility that email will not be received because of spam blockers, a worm or virus, system malfunctions, or other cause.
It is important that your communication is received and that you know it was received.
Always follow up if a reply is not received soon.
Although I treat all communications with the full confidence which the law allows, the fact is that electronic communications are, by their nature, not secure.
I strongly advise that you contact me to arrange a meeting to discuss your private matters in the confidential privacy of my office.
GERALD HASSELBRINK, Attorney at Law
Online payments via major credit card or PayPal account
Copyright 2020 Gerald Hasselbrink
This page is considered advertising by the Minnesota Supreme Court
Please email if any part of this page does not load properly.  Thank you.
Home
Divorce & Family Law
Noncontested or "Mediated" Divorce
Elder Law-Protection-Disabilities
Estate Planning, Probate, Wills, Trusts
Flat Fee Wills & Estate Review
Real Estate
Business Matters
Litigation
Mediation & Parenting Time Expeditor
Arbitration
Privacy | Online Payments