http://www.ohio.anglican.org/our-diocese/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy about Our Site and Your Information
The Privacy Policy set forth below governs your use of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio’s website, and by using the website you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.
Usage Data
Like most websites, this website logs your IP address, browser type, visits to particular pages, and other general traffic information. The information we collect is not linked to personally identifiable information and you remain anonymous. We do not use this information for ads, nor is it ever released to any third party. We do use this information to maintain our website, monitor usage of our website, anticipate and address needs of our website visitors, and to detect, prevent, and address technical issues.
We may use third-party providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on our website available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Gathering and Use of Personal Information
If you give us personal information for purposes of submitting a form, subscribing to newsletter(s), managing your church record, contacting the Diocese, purchasing items or tickets, or donating online, (collectively, our bases for collecting personal information) we will not share that information with any third party other than authorized employees, agents, or contractors who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential; or, in order to comply with the law; to enforce or apply the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use; or, to protect the rights, property or safety of the website, any user of the site, The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio or any of its trustees, officers, employees, agents, or affiliated organizations. Information provided may be retained indefinitely. You may request that any information we have obtained be returned to you and/or deleted from our records.
Your information, including personal data, may be transferred to and/or maintained on, computers located outside of your state, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your own jurisdiction. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us, please be aware that information is transferred to the United States and processed there.
We use third-party services for parishioner/donor/payor data management and payment processing, and such parishioner/donor/payor personal information is provided directly to our third-party data management provider, Blackbaud. Their Privacy & Security Policy may be viewed at https://www.blackbaud.com/company/privacy-policy
We do not store or collect your payment details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. The payment processors we work with are Blackbaud Merchant Services and PAYPAL. Their Privacy Policies may be viewed at https://www.blackbaud.com/company/privacy-policyand https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio’s newsletters and list-style notices are sent through Constant Contact and through email management software on our web servers, based on your subscription request submitted online, by email, or other means of personal request and approval. You may opt out of receiving any or all of our newsletters at any time using the personal opt-out notification. More information about Constant Contact’s policies can be found at https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/service-provider
Contact information may also be gathered during event registration through Event Brite. The privacy policy for Event Brite can be found at https://www.eventbrite.com/support/articles/en_US/Troubleshooting/eventbrite-privacy-policy?lg=en_US
Cookies
A “cookie” is a file that is sent from a web server to your web browser and placed on your computer. When you initially visit the website, we create a cookie for your computer and then use it to track your clicks as you go through the site. We also use cookies if users specify that they want the site to “store” their login information. There is no personal information stored within the cookie itself and we cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you or from your computer. While your activity may be tracked while you are at our website, we do not use cookies to track your activity before or after you leave the site. We use cookies to track page usage, usage patterns, downloads and to maintain an active connection for our administrators on the database.
Links to Other Sites
This privacy policy applies only to this website. This site contains links to websites that are not operated by The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. The Diocese of Ohio does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.
Children
The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio without the advice and consent of their parent or legal guardian, please contact us, and we will delete that information from our databases.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from to time as website functionality, laws, and technology change. We encourage you to check this page frequently.
Posting of Personal Information
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example, in a post, a form submission, or through email – that information can be collected and used by others. By disclosing personal information online, you may make that information available to others who may use it to send you unsolicited messages or for other purposes you may not desire or intend.
Terms of Service
Use of the website is at the user's sole risk, and it is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. We do not, and cannot, warrant that the website will function uninterrupted, secure, or available at any particular time or location, that or when any errors or defects may be corrected, that it is free of any viruses or other harmful components, or that the results of the using the website meet your requirements.
You represent that any content you post on the website is yours and/or you have right to use it and right to grant us the rights and license to post it, and that the posting of your content does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other rights of any person or entity. You grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such content on and through this website, and make the content available to other users who may also use your content subject to these terms.
Content found on this website is the property of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio or used with license/permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said content, whether in whole or in part, without express advance written permission from the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, you can send an email or contact us at:
The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio
2230 Euclid Avenue
Cleveland, OH 44115
© Copyright 2020Episcopal Diocese of Ohio
Contact
The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio
2230 Euclid Avenue
Cleveland, Ohio 44115
216.771.4815Contact
Social media
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Vimeo
Newsletter sign up
Email address
Sign Up
TC Webmail