https://www.poam.net/privacy-policy/
Submit Search
View Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement for Police Officers Association of Michigan (POAM) (“Privacy Statement”) details the company’s policies with respect to the handling of personally identifiable information (“Information”) submitted by the reader of this Privacy Policy (“You”) or otherwise collected by POAM via the company’s website or in the course of providing services.
The type of Information submitted to or collected by POAM varies depending upon the nature of the activity and relationship with POAM.
When You browse the company’s website, POAM may collect information regarding the domain and host from which You access the Internet, the Internet Protocol address (IP address) of the computer or Internet Service Provider You are using, and anonymous site statistical data. This information is collected for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of the company’s website and for security reasons.
The website contains various forms, links to company email addresses, and fax numbers that You may use to solicit information about the website, POAM services, and the company in general. When You complete and submit a form, send us an email, send us a fax, or contact us by telephone, POAM may store the inquiries and their contents, including any personally identifiable information You may have provided. Any personally identifiable information You submit via an inquiry is collected only with Your knowledge and active participation.
POAM is committed to the privacy and security of all financial transactions. POAM uses Authorize.net for all credit card processing services. Authorize.net is compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) as a Level 1 service provider. PCI DSS is the bankcard industry’s most stringent security standard. Examples of Authorize.net’s security measures include physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards; sophisticated security monitoring tools; documented security policies; use of strong encryption for transmissions of Order Information to and from POAM Customers; restricted access of personally identifiable information; and periodic security audits by third-party security experts.
View our Terms & Conditions
Subscribe to our Mailing List
*
Legislative News
Legal News
Download Forms
Current Events
Grievance Information
Train & Educate
Contact our Members Lifeline
POAMResources
Find us on social
Do You Know a Good Cop?
Nominate your local law enforcement officer to be recognized for their excellent acts of service!
Nominate an Officer
Hot issue
COVID-19 Workers Compensation Emergency Order
Workers Compensation Emergency Order POAM has made requests to cover our members in case of COVID-19 illness. The State of…
Read More
Recent Posts
December Updates: COVID-19 News From Michigan E ...
Covid 19
December Updates: Michigan Legislative Consulta ...
Covid 19
Start Your Financial To-Do List for 2021
Poam Members
November 2020 POAM Washington, D.C. Report
Legislative Updates
November Updates: COVID-19 News From Michigan E ...
Covid 19
November Updates: Michigan Legislative Consulta ...
Covid 19
DOJ Awards Michigan Departments With Grant to F ...
Legislative Updates
Approved Hazard Pay For First Responders
Covid 19
How to Plan Your Retirement With Your Adult Chi ...
Poam Members
Volunteer at Michigan Election Sites
Poam Members
View All