http://www.temevalleynorthparish.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Teme Valley North Parish
News and information about Teme Valley North
Skip to content
Welcome
News
Service Schedule
Service Schedule in Wyre Forest West
Services in Teme Valley South
Calendar
In Prayer
About us
Contact
Our churches
St Michael and All Angels, Knighton-on-Teme
St Lawrence, Lindridge
St James the Great, Pensax
St Andrew, Stockton-on-Teme
Parish Magazine
Advertising in Temespan
Local Info
Local History
Local Amenities
Other Local Resources on the Web
Clubs and Societies
Help and Safeguarding
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Teme Valley North Parish is a Church of England Parish in the Diocese of Worcester.
Our website address is: http://temevalleynorthparish.co.uk.
The responsible organisation is Teme Valley North Parochial Church Council.
Contact details can be found here.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Some personal data is collected if you use the contact form on the site to contact us. We only use this information to reply to you to answer your questions.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
To learn more about cookies, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org. You will find details there on how to block and delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies.
The cookies we use
WordPress – This site is built using WordPress.
It sets a session cookie to allow the correct operation of the site.
This cookie is removed when you close your browser.
Google Analytics – These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
This data helps us to understand
which pages people visit on the site
which internet browsers are being used
what is popular on the site
You can find out more about Google’s cookies from their privacy policy at www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out tools in your browser from https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if you visit the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Our site currently uses Google Calendar, flickr, Yudu and anyflip to display some content.
When this content is
shown these sites may set cookies.
Their privacy policies may be found on the following links:
Google
flickr
Yudu
anyflip
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, see above for information on this.
Who we share your data with
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
How long we retain your data
The personal data collected when you contact us via the contact form is kept for a period of 12 months unless we get your consent to keep it longer.
What rights you have over your data
You can request a copy of, and/or request that we erase any personal data that we hold about you. Contact us using the details on our contacts page to do this.
Where we send your data
When you contact us via the contact form, your message is e-mailed to our webmaster Gmail account where it is securely held by Google.
Your contact information
You can contact parish officers using information on our contacts page.
How we protect your data
When you contact us via the contact form, your message is e-mailed to our webmaster Gmail account where it is kept securely by Google.
What data breach procedures we have in place
To be supplied.
Safeguarding
Our Parish takes its duty to protect everyone extremely seriously.
Click here for full information and contact details
Raise funds for us Join the Teme Valley Tote!
Latest news
December’s Teme Valley Tote Winners
6 December, 2020
Embracing change – by Archdeacon Nikki
27 November, 2020
Amnesty International – Write for Rights 2020
13 November, 2020
November’s Teme Valley Tote Winners
6 November, 2020
An article for November from Archdeacon Robert
30 October, 2020
Search
Search for:
Copyright © 2020 Teme Valley North Parish
Privacy Policy