http://www.foodwine.com/food/office/privacy.html
FoodWine
Kate's Global Kitchen
Cookbook Profiles
Global Destinations
I Love Desserts
Shopping
Contact
Search
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Foodwine.com
Our postal address is
Forkmedia LLC
PO Box 2261
Wimberley, Texas 78676-2261
We can be reached via email at
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the email address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the email address of visitors to our web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive email from our company.
If you do not want us to share your email address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want us to share your email address with other companies or organizations.
If you supply us with your postal address online you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. If you send a query or suggestion to our main email address, we may use that letter in our editorial copy. If you do not wish us to publish your name or email address, please let us know in the letter you send.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.
This page last modified January 2016
The FoodWine
Main Page
One Country, One Recipe
Tweet
Twitter: @KateHeyhoe
Search this site:
Advanced Search
Recent Searches
Departments
Kate's Global Kitchen
Kate's Books
Cookbook Profiles
Global Destinations
Holiday & Party Recipes
I Love Desserts
Shopping
Caffeine and You
Inside My Skull
Cooking with Kids
Stark Raving Cat
Archives
Conversions, Charts   & Substitutions
Search
About FoodWine
Contact Info
Advertising
Privacy Statement
.
Copyright © 1994-2020,Forkmedia LLC
Crazy Cat Toys
FoodWine.com — www.foodwine.com