http://www.lmi.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Quick Links Mobile
About
Capabilities
Contracts
Partnering
Careers
SearchClose Search
Search Mobile
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Markets Services
Markets
Defense
National Security
Health & Civilian
Capabilities
Advanced Analytics
Digital Services
Logistics
Management Advisory Services
Main navigation
About LMI
Advanced Search
Blog
Contact Us
LMI Research Institute (LRI)
News & Events
Our People
Publications
LMI protects the privacy and security of your personal information. We respect the trust you place in us and handle your personal information with care든ven beyond the laws and regulations that provide protection.
We collect a variety of information from every visitor to our website. This information falls into two categories:
Indirect information, such as how you entered our site, how you navigated through it, what areas were of interest to you and how long you reviewed the information in those areas.
Direct information, such as your name, email address, telephone number or mailing address.
We use cookies to collect the말ndirect말nformation. Cookies identify you only as a number, so the information we obtain from them cannot be traced back to an individual. We use this information to assess the effectiveness of our website and to identify areas needing improvement.
You are in control of the direct information collected on this site. Typically, you submit that information because you are seeking something from LMI드 copy of a report, a position of employment or more information듮hat is available through our website. We use that information only to respond to your requests. We do not sell or barter your personal information to any person or organization.
Download
White Papers and Case Studies
Please fill out the form below in order to download the document.
Name
Name
Email
Yes, I뇫 like to receive future LMI news, trends, and updates. LMI will never sell or distribute your email to any third parties.
Privacy Policy
Download
Contact Us
First Name
Last Name
E-Mail
Subject
Comment
Yes, I뇫 like to receive future LMI news, trends, and updates. LMI will never sell or distribute your email to any third parties.
Privacy Policy
Submit