https://www.businessvalue.com/resources/privacy.html
BANISTER FINANCIAL, INC.
HomeValuation ServicesWho We AreProfessionalsExpertiseWhy BanisterResourcesBusiness Valuation ArticlesBusiness Valuation CasesBuiness Valuation ToolsContactBook
Business Valuation Specialists, Charlotte, North Carolina
Banister Financial, located in Charlotte, North Carolina, specializes in business valuations of privately-owned companies, professional practices, and other types of businesses.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy of Banister Financial, Inc.
Banister Financial, Inc. ("us", "we", "our", "Banister" or "Banister Financial") operates the http://www.businessvalue.com website (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. It is important that you read this Privacy Policy regarding your information and how we treat it. If you do not agree with how we use your information please do not access our website. If you continue to use our website you will be deemed to have accepted and agreed to our Privacy Policy. Be aware that our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. You continued use of our Service and this site will be deemed to have provided your acceptance of any subsequent changes in the Privacy Policy.European Economic Area (EU) Residents:
Our site is operating under United States of America law. The European Union (EU) has concluded that United States laws provide insufficient protection for your personal information. If you are an EU resident, be advised that our website is moving your information from the EU to the United States with your consent, or because of our need to use your personal information to provide appropriate products, services or information that you request from us or contract with us to provide, and subject to the additional protections detailed below.Definitions • Service- Service is the http://www.businessvalue.com (also https://businessvalue.com and https://www.businessvalue.com) website operated by Banister Financial, Inc. Banister Financial, Inc. is a business valuation (appraisal) services company and only provides such services related to companies headquartered in the United States.• Personal Data- Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). • Usage Data- Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). • Cookies- Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device). • Data Controller- Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. Banister Financial, Inc. is the Data Controller for any personal information provided via our website.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data. • Data Processors (or Service Providers)- Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively. • Data Subject (or User)- Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) In 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as approved by the EU, went into affect, regarding your personal information. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EU), you have certain data protection rights. Banister Financial, Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. We do not have a data protection officer in the EU. Any information that you provide to us will be stored in the United States, and we do not intend to transfer your personal data to another country or international organization.In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
• The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data.
We will provide you the information free of charge provided that it does not adversely affect the rights of others. We may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs for additional copies. We do not have to delete your Personal Data when and to the extent it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.• The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. • The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data. • The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information. • The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format. • The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Banister Financial, Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Union (EU). Scope of our Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect online through our website. It does not apply to information that we collect by other means, such as information you share with us verbally, in writing, in email messages to our professionals or employees, or to information obtained during the course of performing business valuation (appraisal), financial consulting or other services performed for a client. This Privacy Policy also does not cover information collected by any other company, third-party site or third-party application that may link to our website, or that can be accessed from our website.Information Collection and Use Obtained from Website Visits We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: • Email address • First name and last name • Company name• Phone number • Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City • Cookies and Usage Data Usage Data We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, operating system, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking & Cookie Data A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first party cookies. We also use third party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:-Assisting you in navigation-Assisting in registration to our events, login, and your ability to provide feedback-Analyzing your use of our products, services or applications-Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts (including behavioral advertising)For more information on your ability to opt out of certain cookies click on the Cookie Settings link at the bottom of this page. That page will also explain the types of cookies used by Banister.Instructing your Computer Browser to Block CookiesYou can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. For information on how to change your browser settings to refuse or limit cookies visit https://cookiepedia.co.uk/how-to-manage-cookies (we make no representation regarding the accuracy of these instructions or the effectiveness of the settings noted). Also, see the later "Analytics" heading of this Privacy Policy related to Google Analytics.At the bottom of this page is a detailed list of the cookies we use on our Website. Our Website is scanned with our cookie scanning tool regularly to maintain a list as accurate as possible. Use of Data Banister Financial, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes: • To provide and maintain our Service • To notify you about changes to our Service • To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so • To provide information you might request from us about products or services• To provide quotations to you for the possible cost of our products and services should you be interested in possibly contracting with us• To enable us to provide you products and services that you contract with us to provide• To provide customer support • To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service • To monitor the usage of our Service • To detect, prevent and address technical issues Legal Basis for Processing Personal DataThe Banister Financial, Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. Banister Financial, Inc. may process your Personal Data because: • We need to perform a contract with you • You have given us permission to do so • The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights • To comply with the law Retention of DataBanister Financial, Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), to comply with applicable business valuation standards and business valuation accrediting body standards and requirements with which we must comply, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. In addition, data may be kept by us or destroyed as required by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction.Banister Financial, Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. If you notify or request that we stop providing you marketing materials, we may continue to keep documentation so we can comply with your request.Transfer of DataYour information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to -and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we may transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there in accordance with the laws of the United States of America. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Banister Financial, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Data Disclosure for Law EnforcementUnder certain circumstances, Banister Financial, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). Legal RequirementsBanister Financial, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: • To comply with a legal obligation • To protect and defend the rights or property of Banister Financial, Inc. • To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service • To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public • To protect against legal liability Security of Data The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. "Do Not Track" Signals We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser. Identifying Your Data That We HoldIf you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. We do not have a data protection officer in the European Union (EU). Any information that you provide to us will be stored in the United States and in accordance with the laws of the United States of America.Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. • Google Analytics- Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on this Google Analytics Out-out Browser Add-on go to Google's page at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Links to Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. If you visit a third party site, any information you provide with be subject to and governed by that site's terms of use and privacy policy and not by this Privacy Policy. Banister Financial, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy or security of any information you provide to a third-party website or the information practices used by any third-party site, including links to any third-party site from Banister Financial's website. We make no representations, expressed or implied, concerning the accuracy, privacy, safety, security, or the information practices of any third-party site. The inclusion of a link to a third-party site on our website does not constitute any type of endorsement of the linked site by Banister Financial. Banister Financial is not responsible for any loss or damage you may sustain resulting from your use of any third-party website or any information you share with a third-party website.Privacy of MinorsOur Service is not directed and is not intended to be visited by minors under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not visit our website or social media sites and do not send or provide us any type of personal information about yourself to Banister or our website.Your California Privacy RightsThe California "Shine the Light Law" provides that for any California resident with whom we conduct business may request from us a list from us of certain personal information we may have disclosed to third parties for marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. Transfer of Information to Us Does Not Create a Contractual Relationship of Banister Financial, Inc. to Provide Business Valuation (Appraisal) or Related ServicesThe transfer of your personal information to us does not create a contractual relationship with Banister Financial, Inc. where we have an obligation to provide you any business valuation (appraisal) or related services, or any services of any kind. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Banister Financial, Inc. as follows, attention George Hawkins, President: • By phone: 704.334.4932 • By mail: Banister Financial, Inc. 1338 Harding Place, Suite 200, Charlotte, NC 28204, United States of AmericaOther Terms and Conditions of UsePlease read and review other Terms and Conditions of Use pertaining to the use of our website.Changes to This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy was updated effective July 13, 2020. We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page and supersede any prior versions governing our website.Below are the cookies used by our website (this is updated periodically, including potentially after the effective date for the updated Privacy Policy noted above):
Banister Financial, Inc.
1338 Harding Place, Suite 200Charlotte, North Carolina 28204 Phone: (704) 334-4932
© 2020, Banister Financial, Inc.
|
Fair Value®
| Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Settings