http://www.cfgg.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Learn About Us
Get Involved
Explore Ways to Give
Advise Your Clients
Apply For a Grant
Access My Fund
Give Now
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT
The Community Foundation of Greater Greensboro is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal information entrusted to us by current donors, potential donors and by the officers and staff of nonprofit agencies who approach us for funding, and the people that they serve.
The Community Foundation of Greater Greensboro has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to the privacy of our fundholders, donors, grantees and website users. The privacy statement may change at any time; any changes will be posted on this page. Should you have additional questions, comments or concerns please contact:
The Community Foundation of Greater Greensboro
info@cfgg.org
336-379-9100
Like all organizations with a web presence, The Community Foundation receives standard tracking data when you visit our site. Information from your browser, including your IP address, pages visited, the length of time you spend on our site and files you download is recorded in our website server logs. We use and analyze this data to develop site content and continue to provide you with a positive experience when you visit our website. However, no personal information is collected during the tracking process.
Online giving transactions are processed on a secure server. We have put into effect appropriate procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Once you provide us with personal, professional or financial information, that data remains confidential.
We will not sell, rent, loan or otherwise share any personally identifying information you provide with any individual or organization. While we strive to protect the personal information of our users, The Community Foundation will release personal information if required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary or appropriate.
In accordance with federal law and the guidelines set up by the Federal Trade Commission regarding youth privacy, The Community Foundation will not knowingly collect any personal information from young people under the age of 13.
The following policies outline how the Community Foundation uses information submitted voluntarily by visitors to our website, CFGG.org.
E-MAIL PRIVACY
Your e-mail address will only be used within the The Community Foundation. The Community Foundation does not share, sell or rent e-mail addresses to anyone outside the organization. If you do not wish to receive e-mail correspondence, please e-mail your request to info@cfgg.org or call our Director of Marketing and Communications at 336-379-9100.
USE OF IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
A unique number called an IP address identifies every computer on the Internet. Each time you connect to the Internet your machine is assigned an IP address. An IP address is a number that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent in packets across the Internet. The Community Foundation uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the CFGG.org website.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Community Foundation uses cookies to maintain user session identity, and, in some non-member areas, to store your username and password locally for ease of access.
The Community Foundation may also collect certain demographic information about visitors to CFGG.org through the use of cookies. The Community Foundation only uses this data to improve the overall CFGG.org website and for internal business purposes.
SITE/MEMBERSHIP REGISTRATION FORMS
The Community Foundation’s website registration forms require users to give us contact information (such as name and e-mail address), method of payment, and demographic information. The Community Foundation may use customer contact information from the registration forms to send the user information about The Community Foundation. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Information regarding method of payment is collected for member enrollment, registration and to process orders for products and services.
EXTERNAL LINKS
CFGG.org contains links to other external websites that do not fall under the CFGG.org domain. CFGG.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such external websites. If you choose to follow such links to external websites, you do so at your own risk.
E-COMMERCE FOR CONFERENCE REGISTRATION/PUBLICATIONS SALES/FOUNDATION NEWS & COMMENTARY SUBSCRIPTIONS
CFGG.org uses an order form for customers to request information, products and services. The Community Foundation collects visitor’s contact information (such as e-mail address) and method of payment. Contact information from the order form is used to process orders and to send information about The Community Foundation. User payment information that is collected is used to check the users’ qualifications and bill the user for products and services. This information is transmitted via a secure e-mail.
SURVEYS
CFGG.org online surveys ask respondents for contact information (such as e-mail address) and demographic information (such as zip code and age). The Community Foundation also may use contact data from its surveys to send information about The Community Foundation.
PUBLIC FORUMS
This site makes chat rooms, forums, e-mail lists and message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Although The Community Foundation tries to protect your personal information when you are using these public forums, The Community Foundation cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to The Community Foundation in the course of using any one or more of these areas, and you do so at your own risk.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under The Community Foundation’s control.
Thank you!
330 South Greene StreetSuite 100Greensboro, NC 27401United States
(336) 379-9100
info@cfgg.org
Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30 - 5:00
About
Our Story
Mission & Vision
DEI Pledge
History
FAQs
Case Stories
Board
Staff
Financials
Media & Reports
Careers
Contact Us
Initiatives
Black Investments in Greensboro Equity Fund
Building Stronger Neighborhoods
Expanding Community Giving
Future Fund
Guilford Nonprofit Consortium
Housing
Public Art Endowment
Teen Grantmaking Council
Women to Women
Workforce Initiatives
Donors
Why Partner With Us
Establish Your Own Fund
Give to Existing Fund
Leave a Legacy
Support the Community Foundation’s Work
Advisors
Guiding Your Clients
Advisor Toolkit
Chartered Advisor in Philanthropy Program
Investment Management & Options
Grantseekers
Nonprofits & Community Groups
Building Stronger Neighborhoods
Community Grants
Future Fund
Women to Women
Students
Scholarships
Teen Grantmaking Council