http://www.jlpierson.com/privacy.htm
Click on the banner for the main page of this website!J.L. PIERSON & CO. LLCOUR PRIVACY POLICY1. As a client of JLP&Co.LLC you enjoy the strongest protection against the dissemination of your non-public information: we keep what you tell us - in any media - confidential. Only IF a valid court order is issued to us would we consider either (a) fighting it or (b) complying with it.
2. We take great pain in making sure your information is kept on machines without internet connection: while we use fire wall technology, the best way to keep something private is to work on it on an un-networked machine. 3. All engagements we accept are pursuant to an engagement letter, which reiterates our privacy policy.4. We do not share our mailing list for
our newsletter, with anyone. Our list is comprised of clients, former clients, their advisors, as well as prospective clients and practitioners. We do not buy mailing lists. Anyone who wishes to stop receiving the newsletter only needs to advise us once.5.We do not disclose your non-public personal information obtained in the course of our engagements to non-affiliated third parties except as necessary or as required by law. An example of a necessary disclosure would be to employees or any of your other professionals which you employ if the information is necessary for us to perform our services. Our employees and any third-party professionals are informed that any information they see as part of an assignment is to be maintained in strict confidence within JLP&Co.LLC. An example of a disclosure required by law would be a disclosure that is ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction with regards to a legal action to which you are a party. 6.We will retain records pertaining to professional services that we have provided for you for a reasonable period of time so that we are better able to assist you with your appraisal needs. In order to protect your non-public personal information from unauthorized access by third parties, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with our profession's standards to insure the security and integrity of your information. 7.We do not use e-mail broadcast technology. 8.We do not need Congress --
which just gave us the "repeal" of the estate tax among other clear guidance--
to require us to have a privacy policy. Perhaps only the credit card industry can appreciate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act since it legitimizes the utter disregard of the privacy of the individual's financial records very much like that industry's practice. We do not contribute a dime to any politician of any stripe!9. We fully subscribe to all privacy provisions of USPAP, promulgated by the Appraisal Foundation, and all tax-related privacy requirements. Call us to discuss: 203-325-2703 or jlp@NYNJCT-BV.com or http://NYNJCT-BV.com.(Back to The Main Page's Directory of Services)J.L. PIERSON & CO. LLCP.O. Box 2392 Darien, CT 06820-0392Voice + Fax:
(203) 325-2703E-mail: jlp@NYNJCT-BV.com W3: http://jlpierson.com W3: http://NYNJCT-BV.comPLEASE E-MAIL YOUR COMMENTS HERE! THANK YOU:Copyright
© 1996-2010, J.L. Pierson & Co. LLCRevised -- 11/26/09 URL: NYNJCT-BV.com