http://www.tlgdc.com/privacy-policy
0
Privacy Policy This privacy statement sets forth our policies regarding the privacy of information gathered through this Website. We reserve the right to change these policies at any time. To ensure that you are aware of our latest privacy policies, please review this statement regularly. By using our site, you are deemed to have accepted the privacy policies set forth herein.  To help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, gather broad demographic information, and generate user statistics, we may collect information such as, without limitation, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your Internet host company (e.g., AOL), your Browser software (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer), your software platform (e.g., Windows 2000), the date and time of a page request, the page requested, the ip address of the requesting device, the duration of your visit to our site, and the domain (e.g., .COM, .NET, .JP) of the site from which you arrived at our site. Should you send us feedback information or sign up for any of our email lists, we will not share your information (including your email address) with any third party except (1) with your consent, (2) as required by law, or (3) to protect the rights, property or safety of TLG, including the prevention, detection, investigation or prosecution of attacks against our site, server(s), Internet Service Provider (ISP), and/or network. This site contains links to other sites. TLG is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. The TLG site is intended to provide general information and is not intended to provide legal advice; it is not an offer to represent you or to create an attorney-client relationship. The formation of an attorney-client relationship requires prior satisfaction of multiple factors including resolution of possible conflicts of interest, an appropriate fee arrangement and mutual agreement on the terms of the engagement. Please do not convey to us any information that you regard as confidential until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established. Any information you convey to TLG via the Internet may not be secure, and information conveyed prior to establishing an attorney-client relationship may not be privileged or confidential. Internet e-mail sent to this firm or to its attorneys will not create an attorney-client relationship and the information received will not be treated confidentially. This Web site is intended for personal use only. Any other use is prohibited. Policy as to Disclosure of Information For both current and former clients, we do not disclose to anyone other than our own partners and employees any nonpublic personal information obtained in the course of our representation of you, except with your consent or as required by law or to protect the rights, property or safety of TLG. It is possible, for example, that we could be compelled to disclose such information in response to the service upon us of a subpoena issued by a court or agency. In any such case, we would timely advise you of our receipt of such legal process and also act in any lawful manner to protect your interests, such as by asserting (if appropriate) claims of attorney-client privilege. Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Current and Former Clients' Information In compliance with applicable professional standards, we retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to attend to your professional needs. In order to assure the confidentiality of your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards. Choice/Opt-Out If you do not wish to receive email from us you may also notify us of your opt-out request by email at mail@tlgdc.com or by mail at our Washington, DC office address.Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, our privacy policies, or your use of this website, please contact us via email at: info@tlgdc.com .