http://www.deanandgibson.com/news/legal-updates
704-372-2700
Legal Updates
NewsLegal Updates
704-372-2700Call Us For Free ConsultationCONTACT USto Get Started!
What Every Claims Handler Needs to Know About General Negligence Claims in North Carolina
What Every Claims Handler Needs to Know About General Negligence Claims in North Carolina
Many North Carolina laws are significantly different from the laws of other jurisdictions. This article is intended to provide the reader with guidance as to some of the primary North Carolina distinctions in the area of general negligence.
North Carolina is a contributory negligence state. Contributory negligence is a complete defense to a negligence claim. Comparative negligence does not apply in North Carolina. Contributory negligence is not a defense to gross negligence. However, gross contributory negligence is a defense to gross negligence.
Last clear chance is a defense to contributory negligence, and a finding of last clear chance will allow a contributorily negligent plaintiff to recover.
An action for wrongful death is governed by statute in North Carolina (G.S. §28A-18-2) with a two year statute of limitations. The damages recoverable for wrongful death are not limited in amount. They include medical expenses, pre-death pain and suffering, funeral expenses and the "emotional loss" and present value of the monetary loss to the beneficiaries of the deceased as determined by intestate succession. The monetary loss is only for the amount of the actual loss to those beneficiaries, not the economic loss to the "estate" over the lifetime of the decedent. A wrongful death action can seek recovery for any claim that the deceased would have been entitled to recover had he or she lived.
North Carolina has an unfair and deceptive trade practices statute (G.S. §75.1). The mere breach of a contract does not constitute an unfair and deceptive trade practice. The statute allows for recovery of triple damages and attorney fees, but a plaintiff who also alleges a punitive damages claim for the same transaction must elect between punitive or triple damages and cannot recover both. There is a four-year statute of limitations for such claims. North Carolina also has specific statutory provisions for unfair and deceptive trade practices by insurance carriers in the handling of claims.
North Carolina has specific statutes relating to claims arising from landlord tenant claims, dogs, boating, pollution and skiing accidents.
In contracts relating to construction or maintenance provisions requiring indemnity for the negligence of the party seeking indemnity are generally unenforceable.
North Carolina does allow for recovery against property owners based on the doctrine of attractive nuisance.
North Carolina does not permit a claim for loss of parental consortium.
North Carolina has specific dram shop statutes relating to liability for service or sale of alcohol to minors and intoxicated persons.
North Carolina permits recovery for negligent infliction of emotional distress. However, the infliction of emotional distress must be foreseeable, and the plaintiff must suffer a diagnosable mental condition.
An employer may only be sued by an injured employee where it is shown that the employer engaged in intentional misconduct that was substantially certain to cause serious injury or death. Even gross negligence is not sufficient to meet this standard.
Negligence per se applies only in very limited areas of law and is related primarily to violations of those safety statutes which have criminal penalties.
Assumption of risk cannot be used as a defense to a tort action in North Carolina but is available in defense of a contract action.
Strict liability does not apply in North Carolina for products liability cases. It applies only in limited circumstances primarily dealing with inherently dangerous substances.
North Carolina has a products liability act which sets specific requirements for liability. Contributory negligence is a complete defense and includes failure to follow instructions for the product. A "sealed container" defense is provided to all middlemen handling products. Modification of the product is also a defense. There is currently a six-year statute of repose for all products.
This article is intended only as a general guide for familiarization with North Carolina law. The law is subject to change by statutory amendments or opinions from the court. Advice of counsel should be sought with respect to the current law and its applicability to any specific case.
A more detailed discussion of general negligence, as well as other important North Carolina legal distinctions is available in The North Carolina Claims Manager's Guide 2007 edition, written by attorney Rodney Dean.
Be sure to check here for future articles covering North Carolina legal topics in areas such as premises liability, automobile claims, damages, liens, claims handling procedures, civil procedure, insurance coverage law, UM/UIM law, and statutes of limitations and repose.
How Does an OSHA Violation Affect Liability in Tort Action in North Carolina
Admissibility Of Testimony Relating To Speed: Amendment To Rule 702 Of The North Carolina Rules Of Evidence
UIM/UM Coverage is Now Mandatory for Most
What happens when someone other than the named insured is driving the insured’s car and has an accident?
Small case leads to huge attorneys’ fees in NC
Developments in Contributory v. Comparative Negligence in NC
Verdicts & Settlements
Recent Dean & Gibson, PLLC , Appellate Decisions
Page 1 of 9
123456789»End
Latest Articles
Recent Dean & Gibson, PLLC , Appellate Decisions
Verdicts & Settlements
Developments in Contributory v. Comparative Negligence in NC
Small case leads to huge attorneys’ fees in NC
What happens when someone other than the named insured is driving the insured’s car and has an accident?
Contact Us To Get Started!
Please complete all required fields!
For more information or to schedule an appointment, please contact an attorney at our Charlotte, North Carolina office by using the form below or by phone at ,704-372-2700
Please write a subject for your message.
Please let us know your name.
Please let us know your email address.
Please let us know your message.
I have read the Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Please verify that you have read the disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Get Started
Dean & Gibson, PLLC Cameron Brown Building 301 South McDowell Street, Suite 604 Charlotte, NC 28204 Phone: 704-372-2700
Home Attorneys Rodney A. Dean, Retired Michael G. Gibson Barbara J. Dean, Retired Amy C. Drayton Practice Areas Personal Injury Criminal Law Insurance Litigation Commercial Ligitation Municipal & Governmental Law About Us
News Firm News Recent Cases Legal Updates