http://www.wvwild.org/our-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
West Virginia Wilderness ("West Virginia Wilderness")
operates wvwild.org and may operate other websites. It
is West Virginia Wilderness's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, West Virginia Wilderness collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. West Virginia Wilderness's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how West Virginia Wilderness's visitors use its website. From time to
time, West Virginia Wilderness may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
West Virginia Wilderness also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on wvwild.org
blogs/sites. West Virginia Wilderness only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to West Virginia Wilderness's websites choose to interact
with West Virginia Wilderness in ways that require West Virginia Wilderness to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that West Virginia Wilderness gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at wvwild.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with West Virginia Wilderness are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, West Virginia Wilderness collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
West Virginia Wilderness. West Virginia Wilderness does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
West Virginia Wilderness may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. West Virginia Wilderness may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, West Virginia Wilderness does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
West Virginia Wilderness discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on West Virginia Wilderness's behalf or to provide services available
at West Virginia Wilderness's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using West Virginia Wilderness's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. West Virginia Wilderness will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, West Virginia Wilderness discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when West Virginia Wilderness believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of West Virginia Wilderness, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an West Virginia Wilderness website and have supplied your email address, West Virginia Wilderness
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with West Virginia Wilderness and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. West Virginia Wilderness takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. West Virginia Wilderness uses cookies to
help West Virginia Wilderness identify and track visitors, their usage of West Virginia Wilderness
website, and their website access preferences. West Virginia Wilderness visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using West Virginia Wilderness's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of West Virginia Wilderness's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If West Virginia Wilderness, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that West Virginia Wilderness goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of West Virginia Wilderness may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by West Virginia Wilderness and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, West Virginia Wilderness may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in West Virginia Wilderness's sole
discretion. West Virginia Wilderness encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a wvwild.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search
Archives
November 2020
October 2020
June 2020
March 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
April 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
Meta
Log in