https://www.tubman.org/give-help/volunteerintern/group-volunteering/overview.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Help us with The Great Tubman Tidy-Up!
We are in need of volunteers to help prepare Tubman Chrysalis Center for renovations!
Have you ever looked around and thought, “Gosh, when was the last time these toys and games were enjoyed by the little ones?” Well, we recently took an intense look at our Childcare area at Tubman Chrysalis Center and realized we needed to do some serious Spring Cleaning. Along with moving our Childcare area, we need support in moving our food pantry, cleaning filing cabinets, and more. With a variety of tasks, we recognize that we need the community’s support to get this everything completed.
The volunteer opportunities mentioned would be great for families, friends, co-workers, church groups, or book clubs. All tasks must be completed by March 21, 2020.
If interested, click here to read more about the various tasks and to sign up.
Thank you for your interest in group volunteer opportunities at Tubman!
We have countless ways groups can support our mission. Opportunities change according to season and need. If you have a specific interest, we will try to accommodate appropriate tasks for your group size.
Click here to fill out an online application, or click the tab on the right in the sidebar, to begin the process of scheduling a group volunteer opportunity at Tubman. If you have any difficulties completing the application, please contact us by phone at 612.825.3333 or emailing groupvols@tubman.org.
Examples of Group Volunteering
Improve our living spaces
Give our clients comfortable places to live by organizing, cleaning, or painting our indoor or outdoor living spaces. Suitable for any size group.
Provide meals
Suitable for up to 10 people, come in to volunteer to serve an evening meal or snack for our residents.
Off-site help
Can't make it in to a Tubman location? Organize at your own site by collecting donations for adults, such as personal care items, or children, such as books and diapers.
LocationsTubman has 3 locations that can accommodate different group sizes and work. If you have a preference, we will try to accommodate subject to availability.
Our locations are:
Harriet Tubman Center West (West) - 3111 1st Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55408
Harriet Tubman Center East (East) - 1725 Monastery Way, Maplewood, MN 55109
Chrysalis Center (Chrysalis) - 4432 Chicago Ave S, Minneapolis, MN 55407
All large groups of 25+ people will be working at East. Please give 30 days notice for us to check for availability and plan any special accommodations.
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.