http://www.cartercenter.org/about/privacy.html
Peace Programs
Overview
China Focus
Conflict Resolution Program
Democracy Program
Human Rights Program
Latin America and Caribbean Focus
Rule of Law Program
Peace Partners
Health Programs
Overview
Guinea Worm Eradication Program
Hispaniola Initiative
International Task Force for Disease Eradication
Lymphatic Filariasis Elimination Program
Mental Health Program
Public Health Training Initiative
River Blindness Elimination Program
Schistosomiasis Control Program
Trachoma Control Program
Health Partners
Countries
Overview
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Bangladesh
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Brazil
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Canada
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Cuba
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Ghana
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Jordan
Kenya
Lebanon
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mexico
Mozambique
Myanmar
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
North Korea
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Senegal
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Syria
Tanzania
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Yemen
Zambia
About Us
About Us
Our Mission
Accomplishments
Annual Reports
Timeline
Careers
Contact Us
Leadership
Overview
Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter, Founders
CEO
Board of Trustees
Board of Councilors
Carter Center Experts
Quick Links
Directions / Map
FAQs
Privacy Statement for Donors
Privacy Statement for Website
Site Map
Terms of Use
Book Your Event
Carter Center Event Rentals
Spaces and Fees
Request Information on Event Rentals
More
Jimmy Carter Library and Museum
Emory University
News & Events
Latest News
Real Lives, Real Change Stories
Media Coverage
Op-eds/Speeches
Press Releases
Blog
Multimedia
Videos
Photo Gallery
Podcasts
Publications
Annual Reports
Carter Center Newsletter
Health Program Publications
Peace Program Publications
Upcoming Events
Virtual Events
Conversations at The Carter Center
Executive Briefing Member Events
Carter Center Weekend
More
Trip Reports by Jimmy Carter
Teacher Resources
Get Involved
Overview
Apply for Internships and Graduate Assistantships
Apply for Jobs
Become a Volunteer
Attend an Event
Rent Event Space
Visit the Library & Museum
Contact Us
Sign Up for Email
Update Your Profile
Join Us on Social Media
Send an eCard
Ways To Give
Overview
Donate Now
Make an Honor or Memorial Gift
Update Your Profile
Contact Us
Giving Circles
Peacekeepers: Monthly Giving
Ambassadors Circle: Gifts of $1,000 or More
Legacy Circle: Planned Gifts, Bequests, Annuities, etc.
Matching Opportunities
End Blinding Trachoma in Mali and Niger
Employer Matching
Other Ways to Give
Gifts of Stock
Donor Advised Funds
Combined Federal Campaign
Gifts of Real Estate or Other Property
Corporate, Government, and Foundation Giving
IRA Charitable Rollover
Major Gifts
Learn More
Donor FAQs
How Your Support Helps
Annual Report
Donate Now
More Links in About Us
Home
About Us
Privacy Statement
Share
Website Privacy Statement for The Carter Center, Inc.
This section of the Carter Center's Privacy Statement relates specifically to website privacy. Read the Center's Donor Privacy Statement here.
The Carter Center is committed to safeguarding the privacy of its visitors. Information provided by our visitors, or that derived from internal Web tracking, is not sold, rented, or shared with any individual or organization.
Personal Information
The Carter Center collects the following information regarding visitors: IP addresses; Internet service provider; pages visited; country of origin; length of visit; files downloaded. This information enables The Carter Center to improve website site design and function and is not distributed externally.
Information Supplied by Users
Visitors may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information before accessing specific pages on our website, or as a requirement to receive certain information by mail or email. This information may be used by us to contact visitors directly in order to respond to requests; however, visitors may opt out of any of our direct marketing activities at any time.
E-Commerce Transactions
The Carter Center website includes secure online donation pages, which ask for personal information. All credit card transactions are managed by an external service with its own secure site and privacy statement, which is accessible from the service's online donation page.
Sharing Your Personal Information
The Carter Center, Inc. will not license or provide visitors' personal information to any third party except as described herein, or without visitor consent. We may use service providers, such as Web traffic consultants, to carry out certain activities on our behalf. They may be granted access to the personal information necessary to enable them to do their job, but will not use or disclose the information for any other purpose. We also reserve the right to disclose specific information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the interests or safety of The Carter Center, Inc., our visitors, or others.
External Links
Links to external websites included in The Carter Center, Inc. website are provided for the convenience of visitors. The Carter Center, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external websites, and any information provided by visitors to external sites is not subject to this Privacy Statement. The Carter Center, Inc. welcomes comments or complaints about external links accessed from our site: info@cartercenter.org.
Security
The Carter Center, Inc. treats visitors' personal information as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. This website has information security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We restrict access to our data center and servers to authorized personnel and limit access to personal information to those employees who have a legitimate business need to access such information. The Carter Center website has an Extended Validation SSL Certificate, which provides secure, encrypted communications and is used for HTTPS websites to verify and display the legal name controlling the site. Despite these security measures, we do not represent or warrant that personal information will be protected against loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Privacy Policy Changes
Revisions to The Carter Center, Inc. Website Privacy Statement may be made at any time and posted on the website. Visitors' use of the website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Website Privacy Statement and continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Website Privacy Statement. Visitors who do not agree to the terms of the Website Privacy Statement, or any revised statement, are asked to exit the website immediately.
Additional Information
The Carter Center, Inc. welcomes all its visitors who agree to the terms of the Website Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement is based on United States privacy policy standards, and, as such, this Website Privacy Statement applies only to United States visitors to The Carter Center, Inc. website. If you have any questions about this Website Privacy Statement, your personal information, the practices of this website, or your interaction with this website, please contact: info@cartercenter.org.
Updated March 22, 2018
Donate Now
Sign Up For Email
Please sign up below for important news about the work of The Carter Center and special event invitations.
First Name:
Last Name:
Spam Control Text:
Please leave this field empty
Now, we invite you to Get Involved
Back To Top