http://www.tprinternational.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policytpradmin2020-04-23T23:03:28+00:00
Privacy Policy
This web site is operated by Technology & Patent Research International, Inc..  The materials on the web site are for informational purposes only and may also provide links to third party web sites.  We do not make any representations regarding these third party sites and we are not responsible for their confidentiality or privacy policies.We do not collect any personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) unless you voluntarily provide it to us, e.g. by subscribing to an e-mail alert service, by registering to download certain materials, or by sending us a comment or a request for information.  Any personally identifiable information that you provide to us will be maintained on a secure server.  If you have provided any personal information to us through this web site, you may request that your name be removed from our database at any time.  Except as required by law or expressly authorized by you, we never share your information with anyone.  Any personally identifiable information that you submit to us will be used solely for the purpose of responding to inquiries or requests made by you.
We use standard web traffic statistics programs to track a visitor’s use of our web site so that we can enhance our services.  This will tell us, for example, which areas of a site are visited most frequently and how long visitors remain on the site or in particular areas, as well as numerical counts of visitors by domain or IP address, URL, search engine, keywords used, and other standard web measurements.
Like most websites, this site uses cookies to provide you with the best user experience, including moving around our website and using its features. A “cookie” is a small text file that is downloaded to a device when the user accesses certain websites. We use cookies to help recognize that a device has visited our website previously, therefore allowing us to recommend our content that is relevant to you as you navigate the website. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
Visitors that do not want cookies placed on their computers can set their browser to refuse and/or disable cookies. The steps to do this can generally be found by using the “Help” feature available in your browser. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and more information about deleting or blocking cookies at www.aboutcookies.org.
TPR occasionally uses the AdRoll display advertising network that collects visitor data on our site and then serves (re)targeted display ads when browsing on other sites.  Our partners use technology such as anonymous cookies to collect this data.  For more information or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please visit the Adroll website at www.adroll.com and use the ‘Adjust Ad Preferences’ link in the footer or click here.
By using this website, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Statement at any time without advance notice. Should any new policy go into effect, we will post it on this site, and the revised Statement will apply only to information collected thereafter.
Please contact us if you have questions about TPR’s privacy policy.
This Privacy and Cookie Policy was last updated on May 23, 2018
Need expert help on a search?
We know where to look. Our experienced Project Managers are here to guide you on your next search.
Request an Estimateor call +1 858 592 9084
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks
Go to Top