https://www.gagensociety.org/privacy-policy
Home/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of personal information.
Georgia Genealogical Society (GGS) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to the Georgia Genealogical Society website and associated applications, email for communications with GGS, electronic editions of the Scribe newsletter, electronic editions of the Georgia Genealogical Society Quarterly, or promotional information that may be of benefit to you, and governs data collection and usage. By using the Georgia Genealogical Society website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.
The website is not intended to subject the Georgia Genealogical Society to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than the State of Georgia and the United States of America.
Information GGS Collects From You
In the course of your use of the GGS website and our services, Georgia Genealogical Society obtains the following information about you as described below. This data is collected for purposes described under ‘How GGS Uses Your Information.’
Signing Up for Services: User Information
Georgia Genealogical Society:
Collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address, or telephone number if you voluntarily give it to us directly or by email during any registration, webinar, or survey process.
Collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
Collects credential login information, which you use to access your account or Members Only pages of the website.
Your telephone conversations with us, which we may monitor or record.
Use of Services, Website Visits, and Support
Georgia Genealogical Society collects data relating to your online activity on our website with respect to our Services, including the following:
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Browser type and version
Computer hardware and software
Domain names
Access times
Referring website addresses
Geographic location
Websites and pages you visit within GGS
Metadata about your use and emails sent to you (including clicks and opens)
Issues you encounter requiring our support or assistance
Any device or other method of communication you use to interact with the Services
Georgia Genealogical Society stores this data we collect in a variety of places within our infrastructure (including but not limited to BlueHost, SiteLock, Joomla, Drupal, or Google), including system log files, back-end databases, and analytic systems.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Georgia Genealogical Society public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Georgia Genealogical Society does not read any of your private online communications.
Social Media
Information from third party social networking sites, including information that social networking sites provide to us if you use your credentials at such social networking sites to log into some of our Services, such as your name and email address to pre-populate sign-up forms.
The information you allow us to access varies by social networking site, and depends on the level of privacy settings at the applicable social networking site.
Other Sources
Information you provide to GGS at conferences or seminars
Information you provide to GGS in surveys
Information that is publicly available
Information you consent to GGS receiving from third parties
How GGS Uses Your Information
Georgia Genealogical Society:
Collects and uses your personal information to operate the Georgia Genealogical Society website and deliver the services you have requested in accordance with any Data Protection act.
Uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Georgia Genealogical Society or Georgia Genealogical Society of Genealogy & Historical Research (IGHR).
May also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Uses collected data to deliver customized content and advertising within Georgia Genealogical Society to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Sharing Information
Georgia Genealogical Society:
Does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
May, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
May share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Georgia Genealogical Society, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Does not share your personal information with any individual or organizations outside of Georgia Genealogical Society without your explicit permission.
Will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Georgia Genealogical Society or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Georgia Genealogical Society; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Georgia Genealogical Society, or the public.
Tracking Technologies
The Georgia Genealogical Society uses cookies, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies in the course of our business.
Use of Cookies
The Georgia Genealogical Society website uses “cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Georgia Genealogical Society pages, or register with Georgia Genealogical Society site or services, a cookie helps Georgia Genealogical Society to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Georgia Genealogical Society website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Georgia Genealogical Society features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Georgia Genealogical Society services or websites you visit.
Communications
Georgia Genealogical Society uses MailChimp as our communications / marketing automation platform. Information that you voluntarily give to us directly or by email during any registration, webinar, or survey process is entered into MailChimp – your name and email address.
You can change your mind at any time to not receive any information from Georgia Genealogical Society by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at publicity@gagensociety.org. We will treat your information with respect.
Security of your Personal Information
Georgia Genealogical Society secures:
Your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
The personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
The transmission of information via the Internet, email, or text message is not completely secure. Although Georgia Genealogical Society will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through Third Parties or email; any transmission is at your own risk. Once Georgia Genealogical Society has received your information, we will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, access, or modifications.
Links to Other Websites
Georgia Genealogical Society creates links to other websites (such as PayPal, Google), which are sometimes used in the sale of products or services offered by Georgia Genealogical Society. Other sites are sometimes linked to for the purpose of providing additional information we feel may be beneficial to the visitor.
Georgia Genealogical Society encourages you to review the privacy policies of websites you choose to link to from Georgia Genealogical Society so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. Georgia Genealogical Society is not responsible for the privacy policies or other content on websites outside of the Georgia Genealogical Society websites.
Transparency
People have different privacy concerns. Georgia Genealogical Society has provided additional details about the information we collect and how we use that information. We have also explained your choices and the control that you have over your information.
Changes to this Policy
Georgia Genealogical Society will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Georgia Genealogical Society encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how Georgia Genealogical Society is protecting your information.
Your Rights
Correction
You have the right to require us to correct any personal information held about you that is inaccurate and have incomplete data completed. Where you request a correction, please explain in detail why you believe the personal information Georgia Genealogical Society holds about you to be inaccurate or incomplete so that GGS can assess whether a correction is required. Please note that while GGS assesses whether the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you may exercise your right to restrict our processing of the applicable data.
Withdrawal of Consent
Where you have provided your consent to Georgia Genealogical Society processing your personal data, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting Georgia Genealogical Society at publicity@gagensociety.org.
Contact Information
Georgia Genealogical Society welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that Georgia Genealogical Society has not adhered to this Policy, please contact Georgia Genealogical Society at president@gagensociety.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and resolve the issue.
Updated: 24 May 2018
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please click here to Find out more.Okay, thanks