http://www.identitytheftsecurity.com/privacypolicy.shtml
Identity Theft
Security
Home
Identity Theft Facts
Compare
Identity Theft Info
Identity Theft Tools
Check out our updated site!
We recently updated our site to be
mobile friendly. Please bear with us
as we fine tune the site.
Stay Informed
Subscribe
Identity Theft Newsletter
Identity Theft Facts
Identity Theft
What is Identity Theft?
Identity Theft Protection
Victims of Identity Theft
Replace Social Security Card
Report a Lost Credit Card
Compare
Identity Theft Protection Comparison
Family Identity Theft Plan Comparison
Identity Theft Info
Identity Theft Statistics
Identity Theft Articles
Identity
Theft Tools
Identity Theft Protection Software
Free Identity Theft Resources
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a forward rather than a retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you leave this site to travel to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies to assist in fraud prevention or investigation if requested. We may do so when:
Required
to or permitted by law.
Working to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions.
Investigating fraud which has already taken place.
Information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using our email address at info@identitytheftsecurity.com.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Links to Stuff
Home
What is identity theft?
Victims
Protect yourself
Resources
Software Tools
Recent Articles
More Links to Stuff
Contact
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap
Get In Touch
Twitter
Facebook
GitHub
LinkedIn
Google+
©> 2004 - 2016 Identity Theft Security. All rights reserved.