http://www.monroecc.edu/privacy-statement/
Skip to main content
Footer MenusQuick LinksPresident's ReportMCC NewsMCC Foundation Annual ReportLocations & MapsCorporate CollegeEconomic Development and Innovative Workforce Services
Monroe Community College’s Web Privacy Statement.
Monroecc.edu's commitment to privacy At Monroe Community College (MCC), we are committed to protecting your privacy and making it easier and more efficient for individuals and businesses to interact with MCC. We recognize that it is critical for individuals and businesses to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit monroecc.edu. You can travel through most of monroecc.edu without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this commitment of privacy explains our online information practices.
MCC does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending email, completing an online information request form, completing the online application, or completing online registration.
This statement is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
Information collected automatically when you visit monroecc.edu When visiting monroecc.edu, MCC automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit:The Internet Protocol address of the computer that accessed our website The type of browser, its version and the operating system on which that browser is running The Web page from which the user accessed the current Web page The date and time of the user's access The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each pageNone of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal information by the Internet Privacy and Security Act. The information that is collected automatically is used several ways, including to improve monroecc.edu's content and to help MCC understand how visitors are interacting with its website. This information is also used for statistical analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our website visitors. Please see the section entitled “Remarketing” for more information on how MCC may use this information to advertise MCC services.
Information collected when you email monroecc.edu or complete a transaction During your visit to monroecc.edu, you may send an email to MCC. Your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video and graphic information formats included in the message. Your email address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this website, and/or to forward your message to another MCC department for appropriate action. Your email address is not collected for commercial purposes and MCC is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your email address for commercial purposes.
During your visit to monroecc.edu, you may complete a transaction such as an online application or an online information request form. The information collected by MCC, including personal information volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by MCC and may be disclosed by MCC for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
MCC does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an email will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access.
Disclosure of information collected through this website The collection of information through monroecc.edu and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. MCC will only collect personal information through monroecc.edu or disclose personal information collected through monroecc.edu if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to MCC by the user constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by MCC for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to MCC.
However, MCC may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of MCC, or necessary for MCC to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through monroecc.edu is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
MCC may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to MCC’s information technology assets.
Retention of information collected through this website The information collected through monroecc.edu is retained by MCC in accordance with the records retention and disposition requirements of the New York State Arts & Cultural Affairs Law. In general, the Internet services logs of MCC, comprising electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of College services provided through monroecc.edu, are archived for future reference. Information concerning these records retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet privacy policy contact listed in this statement.
Access to and correction of personal information collected through monroecc.edu Any user may submit a request to MCC's privacy compliance officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through monroecc.edu. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification. The address of the privacy compliance officer is:Privacy Compliance Officer Monroe Community College 1000 East Henrietta Road Rochester, New York 14623
The privacy compliance officer shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt of a proper request, provide access to the personal information; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that MCC has collected personal information pertaining to a user through monroecc.edu and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user’s request, the privacy compliance officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and integrity of personal information collected through monroecc.edu MCC is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through monroecc.edu against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, MCC limits employee access to personal information collected through monroecc.edu to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, MCC has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day operations of monroecc.edu as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of monroecc.edu for all users, MCC employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage monroecc.edu.
RemarketingMCC may make use of various third-party services for behavioral and remarketing campaigns.  These campaigns may involve: showing digital advertisements to users whose online use habits indicate an interest in MCC educational services, and displaying digital advertisements or follow-up messages to users who have visited one or more of MCC’s websites.
Third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to track Internet use.  Information gathered by these cookies may be used to display MCC advertisements on sites across the Internet.  Any data collected will be used in accordance with our privacy statement and with Google’s privacy policy.  You can opt out of interest-based advertising by adjusting your cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Cookies Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by the user's browser on the hard drive of your computer. Monroecc.edu utilizes session cookies in certain portions of its website.
Disclaimer The information provided in this privacy statement should not be construed as giving business, legal or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through monroecc.edu.
Contact Information For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact our privacy officer via email at marcom@monroecc.edu or by regular mail at:
Privacy Compliance Officer Monroe Community College 1000 East Henrietta Road Rochester, NY 14623
Definitions The following definitions apply to those terms, which appear in italics in this statement:
Personal information: For purposes of this statement, "personal information" means any information concerning a natural person, which because of name, number, symbol, mark or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person.User: “User” shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the State Technology Law.