http://www.iadb.org/en/common-pages/terms-and-conditions%2C18947.html
Skip to main content
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The use of this Inter-American Development Bank (“IDB”) web site (the “Web Site”) is governed by the terms and conditions set forth below. By using this Web Site you agree to such terms and conditions, as they may be modified by the IDB from time-to-time and posted on this Web Site. Certain features or functions of the Web Site, or linked to by the Web Site may be subject to additional or different terms and conditions (“Associated Sites”). Associated Sites may or may not be under the control or influence of IDB. IDB disclaims any responsibility or liability for the content or operation of Associated Sites not actually operated by IDB and emphasizes that users will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to such Associated Sites, whether or not operated by IDB.
The IDB maintains this Web Site for information purposes only. Users may download, copy and reprint information from the Web Site for non-commercial purposes, subject to any terms and conditions contained within materials expressly attributed to third parties, so long as the IDB is cited as the source of the originating material. Users may not reprint or distribute material for which a third party is identified as the copyright holder, unless permission to do so is expressly permitted for such third party material. Users may not place "frames" around material from the Web Site without the express written authorization of the IDB.
The contents of materials expressly attributed to or identified as being produced by third parties, (including without limitation, the rating reports by Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's, and the contents of the Euroweek Review), are the property and responsibility of such third parties and not of the IDB. Use of these documents is subject to the legal terms and conditions contained therein, if any.
This Web Site also contains links to web sites and information not under the control of the IDB. The IDB provides these links and any such information as a convenience for users of its Web Site and is not responsible for their contents. The presence of a link does not imply endorsement or approval of its contents by the IDB.
IDB and its affiliates have established and/or collaborate with other organizations on the establishment and maintenance of other web-based resources. Each of such other web-based resources is subject to terms and conditions that may be in addition to or supplant these terms and conditions.
All information on the Web Site is provided “AS IS”, with no express or implied warranty of any kind, including but not limited to any warranty of merchantability, suitability, non-infringement or fitness for any particular purpose. Use of this Web Site is at user's sole risk. The IDB makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any of the material on the Web Site and under no circumstances, including but not limited to, negligence, shall the IDB be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential expenses or damages incurred by reason of its use, including expenses or damages arising from communication failure and/or computer malfunctions associated with use of the Web Site. Information that relates to a particular date is offered only as of such date and the IDB undertakes no obligation to update any material on the Web Site. The IDB may, in its discretion, periodically add, change, improve or update the materials on the Web Site without notice, and reserves the right to limit or discontinue the Web Site or deny any user access thereto without notice.
Furthermore, maps and any other information of a similar nature found in this Web Site are for reference only, and may not have been prepared for, or be suitable for legal, engineering, surveying or any other specific purpose and/or use. While the IDB attempts to provide accurate data, information available in the Web Site may use data resources from other sources, including public sources. As such, the IDB does not guarantee or represent that any information is free of any errors, omissions, and/or positional inaccuracies. The boundaries, colors, denominations, or any other information shown in any map or otherwise cannot be construed as an opinion on the legal status of any territory, or any endorsement or acceptance of such boundaries.
As a condition of use of the Web Site, the user agrees to indemnify the IDB from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of such user's use of the Web Site, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by the user of these terms and conditions. If the user is dissatisfied with any material on the Web Site or with any of terms and conditions of use of the Web Site, such user's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Web Site.
Nothing in the Web Site or any materials therein shall be construed, explicitly or implicitly, to contain any investment recommendations. The IDB is not registered under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Accordingly, nothing in this Web Site or in any materials therein constitutes an offer of or an invitation by or on behalf of the IDB to purchase or sell any securities, nor should it be considered investment advice.
The Web Site contains materials relating to IDB securities which are provided for information purposes only. Such materials do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any IDB securities. The IDB does not intend to solicit and is not soliciting any action with respect to any IDB securities through the Web Site. All materials contained herein relating to IDB securities should be read in conjunction with any other materials that they supplement or that are incorporated by reference therein.
All materials relating to IDB securities should be read in conjunction with the appropriate offering document or prospectus and any applicable supplement thereto. IDB securities mentioned herein may not be eligible for sale in certain jurisdictions or to certain persons and may be subject to other restrictions. Investors considering purchasing IDB securities should consult their own financial, legal and tax advisors for information about such securities, the risks and investment considerations arising from an investment in such securities, the appropriate tools to analyze such investment and the suitability of such investment in each investor's particular circumstances.
The Web Site is controlled, operated and administered by the IDB from its offices within the United States of America and all data is stored in the United States of America. The IDB makes no representation that materials at the Web Site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States of America. Access to the materials on the Web Site at any location where such content may be illegal is prohibited. If you access the Web Site from a location outside of the United States of America, you are solely responsible for compliance with local laws.
Any information submitted to IDB shall be subject to our Privacy Policy, which is stated at http://www.iadb.org/en/privacy-policy,20256.html, is incorporated into these terms and conditions, and is subject to change from time to time as set forth in the Privacy Policy. The Web Site provides a means for reporting suspected fraud and other improper conduct. Those reporting may choose not to disclose their identities; however, if they do, their identities will constitute Personal Identifying Information, subject to our Privacy Policy. We may contact those so reporting and may identify them in connection with investigations of the conduct they report to us.
The opinions and findings of authors or compilers contained herein are not necessarily those of the IDB or its member countries. Except as otherwise noted, the material on the Web Site is the property of the IDB and is subject to the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States of America and other jurisdictions. All uses of the Web Site are subject to these laws.
These terms and conditions will be governed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia, United States of America, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions of that jurisdiction. Any legal action over the contents of the Web Site shall be submitted to and finally resolved by arbitration conducted in the English language in Washington, District of Columbia, United States of America, under the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, provided that IDB reserves the right to apply for temporary, preliminary and final injunctive relief to enforce any of the provisions of these terms and conditions relating to the use of its copyrights, trademarks, other intellectual property rights and data security. All decisions of a single arbitrator shall be final and binding on both the IDB and you and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. The IDB and you otherwise agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Washington, District of Columbia, United States of America for the resolution of any disputes not subject to arbitration and for the enforcement of any award resulting from any such arbitration.
No waiver by the IDB of any provision of these terms and conditions shall be binding except as set forth in writing signed by its duly authorized representative.
Nothing in the Web Site shall constitute or be considered to be a limitation upon or a waiver of the privileges and immunities of the IDB, which are specifically reserved.