http://www.policeprotection.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Services
Courses
Request a Consultation
Contact
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to all personally-identifiable information supplied by individuals using this Web site.The following statements will help you understand the collection, use, and safeguards of the information you provide through this Web site. The terms “we”, “our”, and “us” in this Privacy Policy refer to Police Protection, LLCFacts: Understanding the basics on information collection & use.Facts: Online Privacy & Security Information When you browse this Web site, you do so without revealing your identity. Personal information is not collected without your awareness. For each visitor to this Web site, the servers recognize the Web site you came from and the Web site you visit after you leave.Security & CookiesSecurity measures are in place on this Web site to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information you provide. We apply industry-standard security measures available through your Web browser. When you are on this Web site, the information you provide is collected via secure web-based upload. Please remember that e-mail, which is different from secure web-based upload, is not secure. Therefore, do not send confidential information to us via unsecured email.Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user session ID) that is used to track the pages of the Web sites you've visited. This Web site uses cookies, but we do not store personally identifiable information in your cookies. This Web site uses cookies to improve your online experience.Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can set your browser to decline cookies. Even if your Web browser is set to decline cookies, you can use many of the features within this site.Children Visiting our Web SitesThis Web site is directed at adults. We do not knowingly collect or use information from children. Should children access this Web site, we are confident that parents will not judge any of the information provided as objectionable for viewing. If you are under 18, you may use this Web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.Contacting Us: Understanding terms, changes and how to contact us.By using this Web site, you consent to this posted Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Web site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Your continued use of this Web site following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept these changes. If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Web site or your dealings with this Web site, please contact:Police Security Protection, LLC
Middle River, MD 21220 443-852-3862 / 410-582-6361
close lightbox