https://www.euractiv.com/moderations-presentations-on-eu-policy-issues/
HomeModerations
Moderations
10-05-2012
(updated:
04-03-2020
)
Languages: Français | DeutschComments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp
As a leading EU policy media company EURACTIV is well qualified to provide moderators, speakers of faculty for EU conferences, events or workshops. We regularly receive invitations to moderate conferences and events or to speak on radio and TV. Such invitations are welcome, subject to a few days notice and availability of suitable persons. In general, EURACTIV is unable to provide journalists to write for other organisations as our editorial resources are fully stretched in providing daily coverage for www.euractiv.com.
In recent years, EURACTIV has provided people to speak or moderate at many EU events. Notably, as a knowledge partner, we have provided moderators for sessions at the annual European Business Summit, EBS, attended by over 2,000 professionals. EURACTIV also organises up to 40 events a year which include representatives from the EU institutions and other EU stakeholders. These events are normally chaired and moderated by two different of our team members.
You may also want to check out this comprehensive 24-point Checklist to Conference Moderation that EURACTIV’s founder Christophe Leclercq has put together.
Fondation EURACTIV provides extensive training for both its team members and young journalists from third party organisations. Clients and potential clients can be assured that any speaker or moderator nominated by EURACTIV is well-trained in the art communicating.
Contacts
Languages: Français | DeutschComments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp
AdvertisementSupportersEURACTIV MembersPopular articles1EU gives Hungary and Poland 24 hours to lift veto2Contribute to EURACTIV3EU countries feel 'numb' about Turkey ahead of critical EU summit4Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states5Denmark and Norway team up to build world’s largest hydrogen ferry6Caught in gay 'sex party' in Brussels, Fidesz MEP resigns7Russia’s Trojan Stream under the Black Sea8EU bets on blue hydrogen 'to break chicken-and-egg problem'9Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states10Four countries pledge night-train nirvana in Europe Advertisement
Comments
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Subscribe to our newsletters
Subscribe
Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens
1999-2018.
EURACTIV MEDIA NETWORK BV.
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact us
By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesI agree
×
Do you value our reporting? We need you!
Your financial support helps build the future of our network of newsrooms across Europe.
Contribute to our reporting
Contribute
The need for fast, accurate and balanced information is always important. We value EURACTIV's good, independent journalism and support this initiative
Mella Frewen, Director General of FoodDrinkEurope
EURACTIV plays a vital role in bringing Europe closer to its citizens. EURACTIV has long recognised that the story of Europe has to be told across the continent, and not just in Brussels. We need to support a truly European and informed debate.
Susan Danger, CEO, AmCham EU