http://www.legal-island.com/about-us/terms-and-conditions/cookies/
Forgot your login details
Enter your registered email address below and we will send you a link to reset your password
Login
Login to your legal island account
Email Address
Password
Remember me
Lost password?
Not registered with us?
Try for free
Location: Northern Ireland
Rep.of Ireland
About Us
Home
Employment Law Hub
Events
eLearning
About Us
Diversity & Inclusion Charter Mark
Home /
About Us /
Cookies
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Cookies
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored in the hard drive of your computer by your browser. This is how we use them:
Legal-Island Limited (trading as Legal-Island) uses cookies to store information on your computer, to improve our website. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set.
You can change your settings to block all cookies. However, you should note that disabling cookies may result in some parts of the site not working at all. By using this website you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookies Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored in the hard drive of your computer by websites that you visit.
How does Legal-Island (“the www.legal-island.com site and the www.legal-island.ie”) use Cookies?
We Cookies to improve your experience and provide advertising on the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie.  Some cookies are strictly necessary for the provision of the services on the Employment Law Hub such as cookies which enable us to keep you signed into the site throughout your visit.
Some cookies we use permit us to remember choices you make and provide you with a more personalised experience for example your preferences and settings such as redirecting to a mobile version of the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie when you are browsing with a smart phone.
Here is a detailed list of all the cookies that we use and how we use them:
Google Analytics
Cookie Name
Typical stored value
Purpose
Expires
__utma
Randomly generated number
Usage stats
2 years
__utmb
Randomly generated number
Usage stats
30minutes
__utmc
Randomly generated number
Usage stats
On browser exit
__utmz
Randomly generated number and information on how the site was reached
Usage stats
6 months
EpiServer CMS
Cookie Name
Purpose
ASP.NET_SessionId
Session cookie sent to the web browser. Used when you open the browser and then go to a website that implements ASP.NET session state. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
EPi:NumberOfVisits
Used if you are using the Number of Visits personalization criterion. This cookie will not be set if you remove it from all of your visitor groups.
.EPiServerLogin,  .ASPXRoles
Only used if you log in to a website. This is not a major problem as long as you clearly state on the login page that cookies will be used if you log in.
Audience measurement cookies are used to collect information about how the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie Site is used. This information helps us understand our audience and improve the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie Site on an aggregate basis. This information is not used to track individual users. The information it collects includes the number of visitors to the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie, where visitors are visiting from, how many pages they look at and how long they stay on the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie Site.
We also use third party advertisements to support the GroupLeader.com Site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie Site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes (showing location-based advertisements) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited.
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting"). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history. DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
Other third party cookies
Please note that users to the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie Site may embed content on the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie Site from third party websites such as Facebook or YouTube. By viewing and/or accessing this embedded content these third party websites may set their own cookies on your web browser.
www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie does not exercise any control or supervision over embedded content from these third party websites.  We do not control the use of these cookies in this embedded content and www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie is not permitted to access these cookies due to the way that cookies work.  Cookies can only be accessed by the party who originally sets them. Accordingly, this Cookies Policy and/or our Privacy Policy do not cover these third party websites. Therefore, where you wish to access embedded content from third parties we would strongly encourage you to read the Privacy Policies and Cookies Policies from such third party to see what information they collect, use and share about you.
How do I disable cookies?
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you wish, you can change the settings on your browser to refuse all cookies. In addition, you can modify the settings on your browser to be notified when a cookie is sent or to accept all cookies. You browser’s help screen will tell you how to change your settings.  However, you should note that disabling cookies may result in some parts of the www.legal-island.com / www.legal-island.ie Site not working efficiently or in slower downloads.