http://www.rmhorlando.com/site-privacy
Home / Site PrivacySite Privacy
Ronald McDonald House Charities of Central Florida, Inc. (RMHCCF) is pleased to provide information about its privacy policy. Please be assured that RMHCCF uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of our donors and to visitors of this web site.
Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
RMHCCF only gathers personal information, such as, first and last names, home addresses, email addresses and credit card numbers, when voluntarily submitted by you.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as, RMHCCF updates or information regarding RMHCCF or Ronald McDonald House fundraising campaigns and/or events. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by RMHCCF to perform a variety of functions, such as, assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our web sites, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, RMHCCF does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
RMHCCF reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us on-line. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below. In order to review any personal information we have about you or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please send us your request at the address listed below.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, RMHCCF uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your on-line experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by RMHCCF. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of January 1, 2005. From time to time, it may be necessary for RMHCCF to change this privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
How to Contact Us
Please visit the contact us page.
Donate Today
Ways to give
There are several options when it comes to making a financial donation to us:
Donate online
Estate Planning
Workplace Giving
Home Away From Home
Join Our Cornerstone Society
Adopt-A-Room Program
This site uses cookies and has essential privacy policies.
Find out more about our policies.Okay, thanks