https://www.acceptiva.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
As a data processor, Acceptiva (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, which includes any items of personal data which altogether could constitute the personal information that you may choose to provide to us or to our clients via our forms, API, or platform (“Personal Information”). This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions) defines how any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting acceptiva.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. We will process all your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Introduction
Our goal is to provide you with a personalized internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. To achieve this goal, we sometimes collect information during your visits or when you log into your profile associated with one of our clients, and we may also ask you for Personal Information that enables us to give you access to some parts of our web site and our clients’ managed services. We will not disclose your information to any person outside our organization or outside the organization for whom we process, store, and manage data, except as described in this Privacy Policy. To demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing our privacy practices. This statement describes what personal identifying information is collected, how and when we might use your information, how we protect your information, who has access to your information, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information We Receive
We collect certain information from and about our visitors in three ways: from the information that you voluntarily enter into Acceptiva forms or the forms created by our clients and sent to our platform via our API, by means of cookies that we use to enable log in access to your profile or Acceptiva account, or from web server logs that we use to manage our fraud monitoring and prevention tools and to understand the types of devices and browsers used to access our platform.
1.Web Server Logs
When you visit our Website or any of the Acceptiva forms that we host for clients, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. With each visit we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) that referred you to our Site (including date and time); page response times and download errors.
2.Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your browser. They are used for many things, such as remembering whether you’ve visited the site before so that you may remain logged in. Cookies do not include Personal Information about you, they cannot harm your computer, and do not contain any viruses. Acceptiva uses cookies to improve your experience on our site and the areas of our platform that you log into to access your profile or Acceptiva account. We would like to let you know a few things about our cookies:
Certain cookies are essential to the proper function of this site.
We do not track your personal activities when you’re not on this site.
2.Information that you enter into Acceptiva hosted forms or via our API
Users of Acceptiva forms or forms that our clients create that send information to us via our API provide information to Acceptiva, some of which we need to complete the online transaction process. Some of the information provided may be optional. The Personal Information you give us to enable the completion of an online transaction process may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card or bank account numbers and other relevant information.
Use of Your Personal Information
We will use the information you give to us to:
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information that you request from us;
ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
We will use Personal Information we collect about you:
to complete the online transaction processing on behalf of our clients as appropriate, depending on the form that you voluntarily interacted with;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
Sharing of Identifiable Information
We will share your Personal Information as required by law or by the order of any competent court or (semi-) governmental authority or in matters of public safety or policy. Under strict conditions of confidentiality, we will share your Personal Information with our clients for whom we process, store and manage transaction data. Our clients have access to your data per their agreement with Acceptiva, via a secure login to their Acceptiva account. Each client may have a privacy policy that differs from Acceptiva’ privacy policy. Please refer to the client’s own privacy policy. Acceptiva is not responsible for any uses of an individual’s information by our clients. We will also share your Personal Information as may be needed in connection with the enforcement of agreements.
Security Measures
Acceptiva is a Level One PCI DSS Service Provider. We use technical security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control, and information about our clients and their donors, payers (constituents) and their web site usage is maintained in a secure environment. Information about our clients or their constituents and their web site usage is not shared with third parties for marketing purposes. We do not disclose any information about any client’s usage or their constituent’s usage of our web site.
Where we store your data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a secure data center. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. All Personal Information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Access to your Information
If your transaction on the Acceptiva platform was initiated from within one of the countries that is a member of the European Union (EU), the GDPR Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access to personal information stored by Acceptiva can be exercised in accordance with the Act, by sending an email to privacy@acceptiva.com.
Acceptiva will also remove, change personal information and stop any processes associated with personal information that resides on Acceptiva’s secure servers, as requested by the owner of the information (data subject) as required by the Act. To request removal or a change of information in accordance with the Act, send an email to privacy@acceptiva.com.
To access or request removal or changes of information provided by you via Acceptiva forms or our API but stored independently by our clients on their own secure servers, contact the appropriate client directly.
Privacy Policy Changes
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to check for any change.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to privacy@acceptiva.com.
This privacy policy was last updated – January 2019.
Form Examples
Features
Customers
Churches
Synagogues
Schools
Foundations
Nonprofits
Fiscal Sponsors
About
Contact Us
Request a Demo
Testimonials
Mobile App
API/ Development
Pricing
Request a Demo
Login