http://www.leylandmethodist.org.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
HomeCookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file stored by your web browser on your computer or mobile device’s hard drive. Some cookies are essential for our websites to work, for example to remember what you have added to your basket while you browse the site. They are useful because they help us to provide you with relevant information, such as remembering what you have in your wish list or basket when you return to our site. They also allow us to improve the way our website works.
Types of Cookies
1) Session cookies are deleted after each ‘session’. When you are browsing our website(s), it will save information about your activity for the duration of your visit, but the cookie will be deleted from your computer as soon as you close your browser. Without a session cookie, each item you place in your shopping basket will disappear by the time you reach the checkout.
2) Persistent cookies remember you for a set period of time unless you delete your cookies within this period. On your first visit to our site, you will see the default version of the site. When you return, the site may have changed, as persistent cookies remember items you have viewed and whether you logged into or out of your account while on the site.
Third Party Cookies – Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to better understand how customers use our website, how they navigate and how often they return to our site. We use this data to improve the usability of our website. Google Analytics uses cookies to track on-site conversions. All this data is anonymous. View Google’s Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=uk
Turning Off & Deleting Cookies
To stop cookies being placed on your computer, change your browser settings to either reject all cookies; to only allow “trusted sites” or only accept cookies from the site(s) you are currently on. You can disable cookies on your computer by changing the preferences or options menus in your browser. Instructions for disallowing cookies can usually be found in the browser’s ‘Help’ menu. However, some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies.
For more detailed information about cookies and how to control them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Here are details of the cookies used on our site:
Cookie
Name
Expiry
Purpose
Google Analytics
1P_JAR
CONSENT
NID
After 1 month
After 20 years
After 6 months
Leyland Methodist Church uses Google Analytics cookies to collect information about visitor behaviour on their website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages are visited, how long visitors are on the site, how they got there and what they click on. This data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of Leyland Methodist Church´s site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google. Click here for details on how to opt out.
WordPress
PHPSESSID
When the browsing session ends
Leyland Methodist Church uses uses the WordPress Platform. Our system creates this session id. It is used to aid the functionality of the website, and aid personalisation.
Share this...Facebook0TwitterLinkedinPinterest0
Categories
Awe & Wonder (21)
Bible Month – 30 Days In Colossians (15)
Bible Month – Ruth (10)
Bible Study – Acts (5)
Blog (26)
Galatians (39)
Jonah (16)
Online Services (37)
Reflections (11)
Spirit Filled Life (5)
Stewardship (2)
The Letter Of James (20)
Weekly Update (7)