https://www.phillipsnizer.com/legal-notices
Skip to Page Content
Firm Profile
Attorneys
Practices & Industries
News & Media
COVID-19 Resources
Contact Us
Back to Home
Legal Notices
Phillips Nizer LLP (“Phillips Nizer”, “our firm” or “we”) is committed to the privacy of our clients and visitors to this website. By visiting our website or otherwise providing us with your personal information (or authorizing it to be provided to us by someone else) in connection with its use, you agree to your personal information being handled as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We will take reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of identifiable personal information that may be made available when browsing or navigating the web site, including but not limited to:
Name
Title or position in a company or an organization
Company or organizational affiliation, home, postal or other physical address
Telephone numbers, fax numbers, e-mail addresses, and other similar information
Your interest in our firm’s legal practice generally or particular areas of our practice and in our publications, seminars and other events we make available
Examples of instances where our visitors provide their personal information through the website may include, but are not be limited to:
Submitting information or comments or questions to us through our “Contact Us” form on the website
Requesting notifications of or registering for seminars, breakfast roundtables and other events hosted or sponsored by us
Subscribing to our publications
Requesting inclusion in an e-mail or other mailing list
We will inform you of the purpose for the collection of personal information and we do not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the conditions described in the section of this policy entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below.
Information That Is Collected Automatically
Certain information may be received and recorded automatically from your computer and browser, including, for example, your IP address, certain software and hardware attributes and the pages of our website that you request. The information may be used to enable us to analyze how our visitors use this site, how often they visit and what pages of the site they visit. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Cookies
We may use “cookies”—small pieces of information placed on a computer – that allow us to track the pages that are visited and collect information in the aggregate about visitors to our website. We may also use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of the information on our website to our users and to evaluate the effectiveness of our navigational structure in helping users reach that information.
Your browser may allow you to be notified when you receive a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser.  By not accepting cookies, some pages may not function correctly and you may not be able to access certain information on this site.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not sell or rent any of your personal information to any third party. Your personal information may be disclosed to a third party:
Where required to comply with lawful process or otherwise required by law to do so
Where necessary to protect the security of our website or other data.
Internet Security
We use various security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, including the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, when it is transmitted over the Internet. However, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
Protecting the Privacy of Children
Children under 13 years old are not the target audience of the website. To protect their privacy, we do not intentionally solicit or collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Third Party Sites
The website may include links to Internet sites of third parties. We are not responsible for the content of such sites and do not necessarily endorse or approve of the information, products or services contained on or accessible through such sites. When you enter these sites using links from our website, you are entering a website for which we have no responsibility and which we do not control. We cannot guarantee their practices regarding privacy and security and recommend that you read the privacy policies of those websites, which may differ from the policy of this website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Phillips Nizer reserves the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any significant changes in the way we treat personal information will be posted on this site.
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us through the Contact Us form on the site or send an e-mail to marketing@phillipsnizer.com.
Email
Print
Share
Accessibility
Legal Notices
Disclaimer
Site Map
www.twitter.com www.facebook.com www.linkedin.com