https://www.waltonfamilyfoundation.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Privacy Policy and User Agreement for WaltonFamilyFoundation.org
Welcome to the website ("Site") of the Walton Family Foundation (“the Foundation,” "our," "we," or "us"). This User Agreement and Privacy Policy sets forth the conditions for your use of this Site and was created to ensure the confidence of visitors ("you" or "your") to our Site and any sites that link to this Privacy Policy. The Walton Family Foundation may modify this User Agreement and Privacy Policy in the future, so please check this page regularly.We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information on our Site, and we are not responsible for any damages of any sort, including indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, arising out of the use of our Site or reliance on the information available on our Site.Please read this User Agreement and Privacy Policy carefully, because by visiting or using this Site, you agree to comply with it and to be legally bound by it. If you do not agree to comply with this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use this Site.Privacy PolicyWe collect personally identifying data about you, such as your name, address and email address, only when you provide it to us voluntarily when you request additional information or publications. We do not share your personal data with any third parties other than service providers who use the information only to help us respond to your requests. The Foundation does not sell information about visitors to its website. The Foundation may disclose any information if required to do so by law or in the belief that such action is reasonably necessary (a) to conform to the requirements of the law; (b) to protect and defend the legal rights or property of the Foundation, the website or its users or (c) in an emergency, to protect the safety of its users and/or the public. The Foundation does not knowingly collect information from minors. If a minor will be using this website, it is the legal guardian's responsibility to instruct such minor not to submit any personal information by way of email or otherwise.Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Foundation will take reasonable measures to protect any information acquired by the Foundation from users by storing it in a secure operating area that is not available to the public. The Foundation does not, however, use encryption to protect data that you submit to the website. Accordingly, visitors should exercise caution when deciding to disclose critical information to the Foundation via email or otherwise through the website.CopyrightThe text, images and other content on the Site ("materials") are protected by copyright and may be covered by other restrictions as well. The Foundation – and relevant third parties – own and expressly reserve all rights, including copyright, in whole and in part, throughout the world, in the materials on the Site. The Site, and the materials contained therein, may be used only by obtaining explicit written permission from the Foundation and/or the relevant copyright or other rights holder. Any unauthorized use or modification of the materials on the Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, contract, and communications regulations and statutes and any other applicable laws. The Foundation expressly reserves all rights and remedies available under said law, regulations and statutes.You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, or for personal gain, without the express prior written permission of the Foundation. You may not use the Foundation's name or any material contained on our Site to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with us in any manner.TrademarksThe institutional names and other trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively, the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, including "Walton Family Foundation" and variations thereof, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of the Foundation. The Trademarks of third parties may also be displayed on this Site. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the prior written permission of the Foundation or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the Trademarks or any other materials is strictly prohibited.Fair UseYou may use this Site for limited non-commercial, educational, and personal use only, or for "fair use" as authorized in the United States copyright laws, and provided further that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials and cite the author and source of the materials. The Foundation neither warrants nor represents that your use of any materials displayed on the Site will not infringe its rights or the rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with the Foundation. Material under copyright owned by a third party may not be used in any form and may not be copied or downloaded without permission from the holder of the underlying copyright.Links, Frames and MetatagsYou may not link to our Site without prior written permission of the Foundation. Any such approved link shall in no way cast the Foundation in a false or misleading light. You may not frame the content of our Site. You may not use metatags or any other "hidden text" that incorporates our trademarks or our name without our express written consent.Links to Other Web SitesThe Foundation has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and has no control over and is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of any off-site pages or other sites linked to the Site. Any websites linked to or from the Site (regardless of whether they are affiliated with the Foundation) are for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. Any information that you may provide to such third party sites is done so at your own risk. These websites are governed by their own privacy and user agreements, which you should read.Disclaimers and Limitation of LiabilityThe Foundation assumes no liability for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site. The Foundation is engaged in an on-going process of updating and revising the materials on this Site and reserves the right to withdraw any image, text, or data from the Site at its sole discretion at any time. The Foundation assumes no liability for any damages or losses that may occur to you or any third party based on its actions. In the event that the Site is unavailable, either on a temporary or permanent basis, the Foundation assumes no liability for any losses that may occur to you or any third party arising out of the unavailability of the Site.All materials on the Site are provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, COPYRIGHT SUBSISTENCE, COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS OR WILL BE CORRECTED.The Foundation assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your use of the Site or your downloading of any materials from the Site.TerminationWe reserve the right to terminate the Site and this User Agreement and Privacy Policy at any time without notice for any reason, including, in the case of the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, for your violation of any of its provisions. The Limitations of Liability and Governing Law Sections of this User Agreement and Privacy Policy shall survive any such termination.Severance and WaiverYou acknowledge and agree that if any provision of this User Agreement and Privacy Policy shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Furthermore, if any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision.The Foundation's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this User Agreement and Privacy Policy shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to in writing by the Foundation.Governing LawThis User Agreement and Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas applicable to contracts made and performed there without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Each party hereby irrevocably consents to exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Benton County, Arkansas.Questions and CommentsAny questions, comments and/or concerns that you may have regarding this User Agreement and Privacy Policy should be directed to info@wffmail.com.
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Mail To
LinkedIn
Instagram
Google