https://www.tubman.org/get-help/legal-services/order-for-protection.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Order for ProtectionAn Order for Protection (OFP) is a paper signed by a judge that can help to keep someone safe from an abuser. Tubman offers assistance to people who have experienced abuse and want legal help to stay safe. Our advocates help you identify options and describe the process of obtaining an OFP. We can help you fill out the paperwork and go to court with you if necessary.
After you file for an OFP in Hennepin, Ramsey, or Washington county, your advocate may refer you to Tubman’s ProBono Safety Project for free legal representation at your OFP hearing. Volunteer and staff attorneys can represent eligible victims who have compelling needs for legal assistance at OFP hearings in Hennepin, Ramsey, or Washington counties.
The law defines domestic abuse as physical abuse, sexual abuse, or terroristic threats. In order for Tubman’s legal advocates to help, you must be experiencing some form of domestic abuse. Emotional abuse is not considered domestic abuse under the law. People who live with an abuser or are related to an abuser can ask the court for an OFP. The relationship must be one of the following:
Wife, husband, ex-wife, ex-husband
Parent, child, or any blood relative
Girlfriend, boyfriend, domestic partner, ex-girlfriend, ex-boyfriend
Persons who live together (roommates)
Persons who used to live together
Persons who have a child or an unborn child in common
For assistance with an Order for ProtectionFor assistance filing an Order for Protection, you can click the button below and submit a request to Tubman's Legal Services team.
You can also leave a voicemail at Tubman's Civil Cases voicemail box, and an advocate will return your call as soon as possible. The phone number is 651.789.6730. To connect with other available services, you can call Tubman's 24-hour resource and crisis line at 612.825.0000.
Click here to request help with an Order for Protection
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.