https://www.adams.africa/website-terms-of-use/
HomeWebsite Terms of Use
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
COPYRIGHT
The content of this website is subject to copyright protection. Reproduction of the content, or any part of it, other than for educational purposes or personal use, is prohibited without prior consent from Adams & Adams.
WEBSITE DISCLAIMER
The information provided in this website is for general guidance only. The information is not intended to constitute legal advice and you use it at your own risk. Adams & Adams accepts no responsibility or liability for damages arising from the use of the information.
If legal advice is required on any issue, you should contact us.
TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE
1. Introduction
1.1.
These terms and conditions (“the Terms and Conditions”) are binding on all persons that access the www.adams.africa or www.adamsadamsportal.com websites (“the Websites”) without qualification or exception. By entering the Websites, the person accessing the Websites (“the User”) agrees to be bound by and shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions, which the User acknowledges to have read and understood. If the User does not agree to any of the Terms and Conditions, the User may not enter, view or make use of the Websites.
1.2.
Adams & Adams (‘A&A’) may from time to time amend these Terms and Conditions without notice to the User. The User’s continued use of these Websites shall constitute the User’s agreement to the amended Terms and Conditions.
2. Intellectual Property
The Websites are owned by Adams & Adams and the User acknowledges that A&A or its licensors are the proprietors of all intellectual property subsisting in, pertaining to or used on the Websites, including, without limitation, copyright, trade marks, patents, inventions, goodwill and trade secrets (“the Intellectual Property”).
3. Website Use
3.1.
The User may not, without A&A’s written prior consent, use, reproduce, adapt, distribute, publish or in any other way deal or interfere with the Intellectual Property or the Websites’ contents.
3.2.
The User shall not infect the Websites with viruses, worms, ‘trojan’ or any other code that has malicious, contaminating or destructive properties nor shall the User damage, interfere with or intercept any data or information contained on the Websites.
3.3.
Access to these Websites is made available for information purposes only. No content, information, statement or opinion on these Websites should be construed as legal advice. The User should consult an attorney if it seeks legal advice.
3.4.
A&A reserves the right to make any changes to the Websites and its content and/or services offered through the Websites at any time and without notice.
3.5.
The Websites may contain links to other websites. A&A has no control over such websites, does not review their content and will not be liable for their content or accuracy. The User accesses such websites at the User’s own risk and discretion.
3.6.
The User may not link to these Websites without A&A’s prior written consent.
4. No Warranties or Liabilities
4.1.
A&A makes no warranties, whether express or implied, in regard to the Websites, their contents, accuracy or availability. Without limiting the aforesaid, A&A does not warrant that the Websites or any files that may be downloaded from it are free of viruses, worms, ‘trojan horses’ or any other code that has malicious, contaminating or destructive properties.
4.2.
The User assumes all responsibility and risk for the use of the Websites. A&A shall not be liable for any loss, injury, damage, cost, penalty or claim resulting from the use of the Websites, whether direct or indirect, and whether or not A&A has been advised of or has knowledge of the possibility of such loss, injury, damage, cost, penalty or claim.
4.3.
The User hereby indemnifies A&A and holds it harmless against any and all liability, loss, damage, penalty, cost or claim of whatsoever nature suffered by any third party in relation to any act or omission by the User in relation to the Websites and the use thereof by the User, and/or arising from the provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
5. Website Privacy Policy
5.1.
Certain information regarding the User can be obtained automatically as the User navigates through the Websites. This includes, but is not necessarily limited to the User’s internet protocol address, internet browsing software and domain. This assists A&A to manage the Websitse and provide functionality. A&A may use this information for internal purposes but will not provide it to any third parties.
5.2.
The User may provide A&A with the User’s personal information. The User consents to A&A using such information for the purpose for which it is disclosed and A&A will not make it available to third parties without the User’s consent.
5.3.
By requesting or indicating that the User would like to receive A&A’s newsletter or any other newsletter which can be requested on the Websites, the User consents to A&A sending to the User such newsletter and any other information or material which A&A deems may be of interest to the User.
6. Governing Law
The Terms and Conditions and the User’s use of the Websites shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of South Africa.  The User irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of South Africa in regard to all matters arising from these Terms and Conditions or the User’s use of the Websites.
This site uses cookies to collect activity data and personalise content. By continuing to navigate this site, you agree to allow us to collect information using cookies.
Thank You, I Agree
Privacy Policy