http://www.retirementconcepts.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information provided by users of this website.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. As necessary, your information may be also shared with our business partners with services that they perform for us. We may also use your information to contact you with marketing or promotional materials regarding our products, programs and services.Your ConsentBy providing us with your personal information, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.If you have submitted personal information to us and wish to withdraw your consent to its retention, use or disclosure, please send us by email at info@retirementconcepts.com .If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide some products or services to you.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit your information via this website, your information is protected both online and offline. However, we are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from this website, including the information or content contained therein.CookiesWe may use cookies on this website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our website and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our website. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our website. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.Google AnalyticsWe also use Google Analytics to study the browsing behaviour of visitors to this site. This is a website analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics collects information on an anonymous basis, such as the number of visitors to this site, their country, region and city of origin, the type of browser and operating system they are using, the date, time and duration of visits, the pages consulted, and what other websites they visited prior to coming to this site.Our use of Google Analytics includes the Demographics and Interest Reporting component.You may opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on or by configuring your browser settings to block the use of cookies.Applicable LawThis Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of BC, AB & QC and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. The parties hereby agree and attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of such province, unless prohibited by law.If you have concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send a brief explanation of your concern by email at info@retirementconcepts.com
Living here is an awesome experience ×Search
Close ×