http://www.crimemagazine.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Sign In | Sign Up
AboutAdvertiseBlogsEponymous Rox's blogMichael Thomas Barry's blogBooks of NoteContactLinksStoreSubscribeWriters' Corner
MurderAssassinationsJFK AssassinationMLK AssassinationRFK AssassinationCold CasesMass MurderersSerial KillersWar CrimesCelebritiesForensicsHeistsJustice IssuesCapital PunishmentCorruptionRichard Nixon's CrimesHate CrimesInnocence CasesPrisonsOrganized CrimeBooks/FilmsSexMore...Crime StudiesForeign CrimesHistorical CrimesInvestigative ReportingKidnappingTrialsWild West
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use -  Crime Magazine, LLC
1. Acceptance The Use Of Crime Magazine, LLC Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of crimemagazine.com is subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. You will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. By using the Website you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop using the Website.
2. Credit Card Details
crimemagazine.com will never ask for credit card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on crimemagazine.com.
3. Advice
The contents of crimemagazine.com website do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making or refraining from making, any decision.
4. Change of Use
crimemagazine.com reserves the right to:
4.1 change or remove (temporarily or permanently) the Website or any part of it without notice and you confirm that crimemagazine.com shall not be liable to you for any such change or removal and.
4.2 change these Terms and Conditions at any time, and your continued use of the Website following any changes shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change.
5. Links to Third Party Websites
crimemagazine.com Website may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an endorsement, promotion or recommendation of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
crimemagazine.com cannot be held responsible for privacy policies or terms of use of other websites that we link to.
We urge our visitors to thoroughly read these privacy policies and terms of use before actually purchasing from or using the services offered by these third party websites.
6. Copyright
6.1 All copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in the Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website) are owned by or licensed to crimemagazine.com or otherwise used by crimemagazine.com as permitted by law.
6.2 In accessing the Website you agree that you will access the content solely for your personal, non-commercial use. None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only.
7. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
7.1  The Website is provided on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
7.2 To the extent permitted by law, crimemagazine.com will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website.
7.3 crimemagazine.com makes no warranty that the functionality of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive.
7.4 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed so as to exclude or limit the liability of crimemagazine.com for death or personal injury as a result of the negligence of crimemagazine.com or that of its employees or agents.
7.5 crimemagazine.com is not liable for any losses, expenses or damages of any kind which may occur through your use of any information or product(s) which you obtain through this site or any affiliated websites. We do not guarantee, implied or otherwise, that the listings, links or other information are current and/or correct. You alone assume all risks in utilizing any links from this site or other third party links.
8. Returns and Refunds
crimemagazine.com accepts returns on damaged merchendise. Please mail the damaged merchendise to crimemagazine.com for a full refund or product replacement. crimemagazine.com will refund subscription fees within 48 hours of purchase if you are not satisfied for any reason with your subscription.
9. Editorial Guidelines
Blog posts, forum posts and commenting are all subject to moderation. We promote reader participation that expands the coverage and information of the topic at hand. We discourage and will remove reader participation that:
Promotes violence against individuals or groups of people.
Is hateful, racist, sexist, homophobic or otherwise derogatory.
Does not add any new information, is way off topic or is obvious troll bait meant to inflame readers.
Users who repeatedly violate these guidelines will have their account blocked from further participation. Users can appeal this by contacting the editor to review the situation.
10. Affiliate Disclosure
crimemagazine.com does charge website visitors any access fees or monthly subscription fees for our website content. In addition, revenue is generated from paid advertising or affiliate relationships with companies that are listed on our site.
11. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold crimemagazine.com and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities, legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against  crimemagazine.com arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions or other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website.
12. Severance
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
13. Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of United States of America and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. courts.
For any further information please email us or call 1-360-464-1909
View our Privacy Notice here
Total views: 27426
Justice on Fire
On the night of November 29, 1988, near the impoverished Marlborough neighborhood in south Kansas City, an explosion at a construction site killed six of the city’s firefighters. It was a clear case of arson, and five people from Marlborough were duly convicted of the crime. But for veteran crime writer and crusading editor J. Patrick O’Connor, the facts—or a lack of them—didn’t add up. Justice on Fire is OConnor’s detailed account of the terrible explosion that led to the firefighters’ deaths and the terrible injustice that followed. Also available from Amazon
On This Date in Crime History
John Wayne Gacy Confessed to Killing Dozens (December 22, 1978)
Tweets by @CrimeMagazine
Video
AuthorsJ. J. Maloney
Lisa Agnew
H. P. Albarelli Jr.
Jane Alexander
Betty Alt
Scott Thomas Anderson
Diane Anderson-Minshall
Mel Ayton
Joan Bannan
Michael Thomas Barry
Scott Bartz
Dane Batty
Bonnie Bobit
Gary Boynton
John Lee Brook
Heather Buchanan
Paul Buchanan
Patrick Campbell
Amanda Carlos
Eve Carson
James Ottavio Castagnera
J. D. Chandler
Ron Chepesiuk
Denise M. Clark
Kendall Coffey
Peter Davidson
Dr. Nicola Davies
Anthony Davis
Scott M. Deitche
Michael Esslinger
Steven Gerard Farrell
Seth Ferranti
Deborah Rubin Fields
Harriet Ford
Don Fulsom
Mark S. Gado
Mary Garden
Oliver Gaspirtz
Erin Geyer
David A. Gibb
Anthony Gonzalez
Dennis N. Griffin
Shawn Griffith
Randor Guy
George Hassett
Charles Hustmyre
Ben Johnson
Jeni Johnson
Binoy Kampmark
Stephen Karadjis
Brittni Brown
Faye Karavasili
Jeannette Garrett
Martin Baggoley
David Keller
John F. Kelly
David Kirschner, PhD.
Barbara Kussow
Marie Kusters-McCarthy
Doris Lane
Jason Lapeyre
Ronald J. Lawrence
David Lohr
Lora Lusher
Douglas MacGowan
Lona Manning
Hal Mansfield
Peter Manso
David Margolick
Jessica Mason
Allan May
Avi McClelland-Cohen
Thomas D. McDougall
James R. Melton
Paula Moore
John Morris
Siobhan Patricia Mulcahy
Richard Muti
Tim Newark
Denise Noe
Lt. John Nores Jr.
J. Patrick O'Connor
John O'Dowd
Robert Phillips
Liz Porter
Kelly Pucci
Mark Pulham
Joe Purshouse
Patrick Quinn
James Rada Jr.
Randy Radic
Mirah Riben
Michael Richardson
David Robb
Ryan Ross
Eponymous Rox
Anneli Rufus
Laura Schultz, MFT
Cathy Scott
Fred Shrum, III
Ronnie Smith
Francesca Spina
Lynne Stewart
James A. Swan, Ph.D.
Benjamin Welton
Claudette Walker
Daniel B. Young
Evan Whitton
John Tait
Kim Walker
Marilyn Z. Tomlins
Michael Volpe
Peter L. Winkler
Phillip K. Wearne
Robert Walsh
Sandra Wells
LinksCenter on Wrongful Convictions
Centurion Ministries
Criminal Records
Help Free the Innocent
Self Defense Products
Cheap Football Shirts
eLegitimate.com
TopicsAssassinations
Capital Punishment
Celebrity Crime
Cold Cases
Corruption
Crime Books and Films
Crime Studies
Foreign Crimes
Forensics
Hate Crimes
Heists
Historical Crimes
Innocence Cases
Investigative Reporting
JFK Assassination
Justice Issues
Kidnapping
Mass Murderers
Murder
Nixon's Crimes
Organized Crime
Prisons
Serial Killers
Sex Crimes
Trials
War Crimes
Wild West
User login
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Site LinksContent
Business
Blogs
About
Books of Note
Advertise
Forums
Awards
Print
Contact
Search
Jobs
Sitemap
Privacy Notice
Store
Subscribe
Writer's Corner
Terms and
Conditions
AboutWith the purpose of writing about true crime in an authoritative, fact-based manner, veteran journalists J. J. Maloney and J. Patrick O’Connor launched Crime Magazine in November of 1998. Their goal was to cover all aspects of true crime: Read More
Contents Copyright © 1998-2020 by Crime Magazine | J. Patrick O'Connor Editor | E-mail CrimeMagazine.com
Designed by Orman. Drupal theme by ThemeSnap.com