http://www.skaeng.com/terms-of-use/
About Us
Services
Markets
Innovation
News
Careers
Talent
Contact
About Us
Awards
Culture
History
Mission / Vision / Values
Social Responsibility
Professional Memberships
Certifications
Services
Air and Water
Building Envelope
Building Science
Commissioning
Concrete & Corrosion
Condition Assessment
Construction Administration
Electrical Engineering
Fire Protection Engineering
Forensic Investigation
Litigation & Insurance
Mechanical Engineering
Peer Review
Plumbing Engineering
Repair & Renovation
Roofing & Waterproofing
Special Inspections
Structural Engineering
Markets
Athletics
Aviation
Bridges
Commercial
Commissioning
Community
Education
Healthcare
Historic
Hospitality
Housing
Industrial
Infrastructure
Municipal
Parking Decks
Stadiums
Innovation
SKA Downloads
SKA TechTalks
SKA Industry Leaders
SKA Videos
SKA Insights
SKA TechNotes
Subscribe
News
Community Causes
Social Outreach
Events
Firm Growth
In the Media
Press Releases
Project News
Videos
Careers
Talent
Contact
Greensboro, NC – Corporate
Asheville, NC
Charleston, SC
Charlotte, NC
Charlottesville, VA
Wilmington, NC
Subscribe
Terms of Use
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We” and “Us”, refers to SKA Consulting Engineers, Inc. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs with respect to the provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Statement
SKA is committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need-to-know basis only use any information collected from individual clients. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our clients. We will investigate any unauthorized use of this website and/or information to evaluate pursuing appropriate criminal and/or civil actions.
Confidentiality
SKA is registered under the Data Protection Act 1988 and as such, any information concerning the Client and their respective Client Records may be passed to third parties. However, Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to review, and copies of, any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Clients with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Disclaimer
The information on this web site is provided on an “as is” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:
disclaims all liability associated with any representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and
disclaims all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
The above disclaimers and limitations of liability apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Payment
Pay Pal, Business or Personal Check, and ACH Transfer are all acceptable methods of payment. Our Terms are payment in full within thirty days. All goods remain the property of the Company until paid for in full. Monies that remain outstanding by the due date will incur late payment interest at the rate of 2% above the prevailing Prime base rate on the outstanding balance until such time as the balance is paid in full and final settlement. We reserve the right to seek recovery of any monies remaining unpaid sixty days from the date of invoice through collection agencies or court. In such circumstances, you shall be liable for any and all additional administrative and/or court costs.
Returned checks will incur a $50 charge to cover banking fees and administrative costs. In an instance of a returned check, we reserve the right to terminate the arrangement. If a check or other attempted payment is returned or otherwise not honoured by the institution upon which it is drawn, or if payment is not otherwise received by SKA in a timely fashion, SKA shall have the right to immediately cease performance required by it under any agreement, and may halt the provision of services until all outstanding amounts have been paid in full.
Cancellation Policy
Minimum 24 hours notice of cancellation required. Notification for instance, in person, via email, mobile phone ‘text message’ and/or fax, or any other means will be accepted subject to confirmation in writing. We reserve the right to levy a $50 charge to cover any subsequent administrative expenses.
Termination of Agreements and Refunds Policy
Both the Client and SKA have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, and such termination may include the termination of services that are already underway.  Payments owing to SKA in the event of a termination shall be governed by SKA’s standard Terms and Conditions.
Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United States of America. All advertising is intended solely for the United States of America market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including by framing or other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best of the Company’s ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis.
Cookies
Like most interactive web sites this Company’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Links to this website
You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and we should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exist with respect to all text relating to the Company’s services and the full content of this website.
This Company’s logo is a registered trademark of this Company in the United States of America and other countries. The brand names and specific services of this Company featured on this web site are trademarked.
Communication
SKA has several different e-mail addresses. These, and other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on our website or via Company literature or via the Company’s telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.
Recent News
SKA is opening a new office in Raleigh-Durham! »
Making a splash at UVA! »
Storm Season Checklist »
Certifications
Subscribe
Survey
Terms
© 2020 SKA Consulting Engineers, Inc. | Total Small Business Self-Certified Firm | Virginia SWAM certified