http://www.nacctheconnectingplace.org/privacy-policy
About
About Spire.Network
Corporate Leadership
Events
SpireConference
2020 Spire Topgolf Tour
Resources
SpireApp
Blog
Spirecast
Webinars
NACC Historical Videos
Emergency Response
Give
Login
Join
View Cart
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Spire, Inc. (“Spire,” “we,” “our,” “us” or “company”) is committed to respecting the privacy and security of your personal information. The following U.S. online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information we collect and how we use it. By using this website (“Site”) or the service offered through our Site or any mobile application (the “Service”), you consent to our Privacy Policy.
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy to reflect material changes in how we collect, use, share or store your personal information. We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current Privacy Policy. You consent to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Spire service after receiving a notice of the change or upon our posting of the new Privacy Policy on this Site.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
Like many websites, we gather information about how visitors use our Site. In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track your visit for trends and statistics, but you will remain anonymous unless you tell us who you are. Once you choose to give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us.
The following are the types of information we collect:
Information you give us: We receive and securely store the information you provide to us when you register for, or otherwise use, the Site such as your name, email address, business name, business URL, business industry, business type, phone number, address, credit card information and any feedback, questions, or recommendations you provide. If you provide information directly to us in other ways, such as by sending us an email or filling out a form, we may retain that information and add it with the other information we have collected from you.
Information from third parties: We may receive information about you from other sources, such from friends who refer you to us, third-party sites or services that you link your Spire account with, or otherwise. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you.
Information shared with third-parties: We may share information about you with other sources, who are both controllers and processors of data required for the management or use of the Spire platform. Spire confirms with all third-parties to insure the data is managed in a lawful manner.
Automatically collected information: To make our Site and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) may collect information from you, including browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date and time stamp for your visit. We also use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. Like most Internet services, we automatically gather this information and store it in log files each time you visit our Site or access your account on our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a Site sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. Cookies are refreshed from the last time we see a user in order to retain up-to-date information. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our Site or portions of the Service may not work properly. We also could use data from mobile applications, including advertising IDs and mobile device IDs, to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. Mobile advertising IDs, or Mobile Device IDs are a unique identifier which can be used to identify a mobile device. Mobile applications and networks assign unique identifiers so mobile app developers can identify who is using their mobile apps as well as use for advertising purposes. We interpret engaging with our brand as indication of your interest in our products and services, and thus providing consent for this data collection. Forms of engagement can be best exemplified by visiting our site, following us on social media, or interacting with our other marketing channels.
Information collected through our service. Our service allows our clients to collect information about their current or potential customers using cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, web bugs and other collection technologies. While we do not collect this information on our site, we want you to be aware about how our services can be used to collect your information using publicly available data and other collection technologies. Our clients may provide us with various data sets that typically reside within their customer resource management databases (which may include names, emails, addresses or phone numbers), which we enable, on their behalf and help link to applications that they use. We also source matched or linked data that enables our clients to pseudonymously match users across channels. The matched or linked data comes from reputable data providers, brands and websites with rights to share consumer data. We combine and measure these data sets against each other to ensure a high level of accuracy. When a consumer visits one of our match partner sites (such as a popular website), that partner sends us a unique identifier that has been de-identified using a hashing algorithm. We then search our database of client data to determine whether any our client is requesting to match data for that particular consumer. If a match occurs, we associate a cookie with de-identified data about the consumer on behalf of our clients based from the last time we saw a user. Clients can then reach our matched non-personally identifiable users with relevant messages and advertisements. They may also use this data for measurement purposes such as understanding how digital advertising spend impacts purchasing on their Site. Sometimes, we use our mobile cookie or mobile ID data alongside our web-based cookie data, to help other platforms to “match” or “map” users they have already “seen” across multiple web and mobile platforms, on a de-identified basis.
USING INFORMATION
We use and disclose your personal information only as described in this Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you on our Sites. By registering for our products and services, or engaging with our brand, you provide us consent to collect and use your personal information to provide an enhanced experience with us.
For example, we may use or disclose your personal information:
To operate and improve our Sites;
To fulfill your requests for certain products or services;
To provide you content and information relevant to your interests in our product and services to facilitate and enhance your use of the platform;
To better understand your needs and provide you with more customized service;
To communicate with you about the Sites or our products and services;
To respond to any questions or concerns that you may have;
For market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;
To third-party contractors that provide services to us and are contractually bound to safeguard your personal information (i.e. credit card processors);
To third parties in connection with any merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in capital structure or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Spire.
When we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with law, protect or defend our rights or the rights of other users of our Sites or products or services, or act in an emergency to protect someone’s safety; or
Otherwise with your express consent.
We may create non-personally identifying anonymous or aggregate data from the information we collect. We may use that data that is non-personally identifiable, pseudonymous or aggregate data for our own purposes or disclose it to third parties in our own discretion.
Do Not Track. We do not respond to browser-based “do not track” signals. We do not have any third-party sites who push content to our site.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We take reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we do not guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about the security of our Sites you can contact us using the information provided below.
THIRD PARTIES
Advertisements and Links to Other Websites: The Site may contain links, content, and advertisements from third parties. Such links, content, and advertisements are not endorsements, authorizations or representations of our affiliation with that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third parties, and we encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy of any website you visit.
There are other limited circumstances in which we may share data. We may provide access to the non-personal information we collect to service providers who are assisting us with storage, analysis, or other services. These service providers are subject to confidentiality restrictions and are not authorized to utilize the information in any way other than to provide their services to us.
We want you to feel confident using the Spire sites but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE USE OF OUR PLATFORM ON THIRD-PARTY SITES
Our technology platform, branded “Spire” “Spire Conference” “Spire Network” and/or “Spire Media” enables companies to gain unique insights about their website visitors, social networks, customers and prospects, and to deliver relevant advertising and content to their browsers. As part of Spire’s commitment to respect privacy concerns and implement industry-recognized standards, Spire complies with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, which are designed to inform consumers about data collection and advertising practices across multiple websites and to provide consumers the ability to opt out. We comply with the current Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Codes of Conduct. Find out more information about NAI and the Codes of Conduct here: www.networkadvertising.org. To learn more about our involvement with and adherence to industry standards, please contact us at info@Spire.network.
Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies who may place advertisements through our Service (but not on our Site) may use their own cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, web bugs, mobile IDs, user IDs and other technology to collect information about you. We do not control these companies’ use of such technology and we have no responsibility for the use of such technology by these companies to gather information about you.
YOU SHOULD REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE FOR ANY SITE YOU VISIT TO LEARN ABOUT WHAT INFORMATION THOSE SITES COLLECT FROM YOU, AND HOW THEY USE AND SHARE SUCH INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION IN THIS PARAGRAPH MAY NOT REFLECT WHAT OUR CLIENTS OR WE COLLECT ON ANY INDIVIDUAL SITE.
We and our clients collect, organize, and use non-personally identifiable information reflecting your interactions with a variety of websites, media types and social networks. This information includes items such as the date and time you visited a website, your browser information, your IP address, your browsing behavior, your age and gender, and interests you express or imply at social networking sites or other websites you visit. Spire or its clients may recognize your computer over time by setting a unique browser “cookie” or “mobile ID,” which your browser relays to our servers when you visit websites that are affiliated with our partners or clients. We and our clients may also supplement the information we collect with additional non-personally identifiable information we obtain from other companies. In certain of these cases, the information we or our clients obtain from third parties is derived from personal information and de-identified prior to its use. We analyze the non-personal information we collect or obtain from third parties and organize it into pseudonymous user profiles, groups, and audiences, based on factors such as age, gender, geography, interests, offline and online actions. We and our clients and partners then use these pseudonymous user profiles, groups and audiences to design and deliver customized advertising campaigns or other relevant content. We and our clients also use this data for other related purposes (for example, to do research regarding the results of our online advertising campaigns or to better understand the interests or activities of website visitors.)
The behavioral categories we use to customize the ads you may see or for related purposes do not use personally identifiable information (PII) such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, birth date or social security number. Our technology and services are designed to limit our use of consumer data to pseudonymous, non-personal information. Note that we may license Spire or one of our products to third parties, such as website publishers and marketers. A third-party licensee using Spire may elect to collect, manage and use other types of data through Spire, which may include personal information (where permissible). Please consult the privacy policies of the websites you visit to become familiar with their privacy practices.
Below, we provide you links where you can opt-out by specific companies. You can opt-out by clicking and following the instructions provided. Note that after choosing to opt-out, if you use a different computer or a different browser, or if you delete or block browser cookies, you may need to repeat the opt-out steps. Most Web browsers also enable you to block browser cookies. You can refer to your web browser’s documentation to get more information on how to block or delete cookies directly through your browser settings.
You can opt-out via the Network Advertising Initiative industry opt-out at www.optout.networkadvertising.org
You can opt-out via the Consumer Choice Page at www.aboutads.info.
For those in Europe, you can opt-out via the IAB Europe’s industry opt-out at www.youronlinechoices.eu.
You can configure your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, etc.) to delete and/or control the use of cookies. More information can be found in the Help system of your browser.
When you visit a website that shares information about your activity with Spire, we will use that information to customize relevant ads to you at that and other websites you visit, or for research and analysis. We may also share non-personal information with companies such as advertisers, agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter.
HOW TO REVIEW, MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us or would like to update or change your personal information or preferences, follow the instructions below to review, modify or delete your personal information.
To modify the information you have provided during registration, please log in and update your personal settings.
To unsubscribe from an email, please follow the instructions or unsubscribe links available in any email you receive.
If you request your registration information be deleted or if you unsubscribe from communications, we may maintain information about sales transactions or service inquiries for future service and record keeping purposes.
To be removed from our cookie-based data segmentation, which is hashed an anonymized, steps must be taken by the individual to be removed from these data sources.
You can opt-out via:
The Network Advertising Initiative industry opt-out at www.optout.networkadvertising.org
The Consumer Choice Page at www.aboutads.info
The IAB Europe’s industry opt-out at www.youronlinechoices.eu
In addition, you can configure your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, etc.) to delete and/or control the use of cookies. More information can be found in the Help system of your browser.
We generally retain your personally identifiable information as long as necessary in order to provide you with our services. We may retain anonymized or aggregated data generated from your information indefinitely.
QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please contact us by mail or email at: Spire, Inc. 110 Boggs Lane, Suite 330, Cincinnati, OH 45246
info@Spire.network
COMPLAINTS
If you have a data privacy complaint, please contact us by mail or email at:
Spire, LLC 110 Boggs Lane, Suite 330, Cincinnati, OH 45246
info@Spire.network
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.
A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN
We do not intentionally gather information about visitors who are under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18 you should not use our site or service.
A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
Your information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact Company by e-mail at info@Spire.network. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. If you and Company are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and Company will settle the dispute exclusively as set forth in the Terms of Use.
EUROPEAN VISITORS
Residents of the European Economic Area (EEA), in conjunction with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), may opt out of our cookie-based marketing efforts by using the IAB Europe’s industry opt-out at www.youronlinechoices.eu Additional specific requests of data collection, management or use may be directed to us at info@Spire.network.
CALIFORNIA VISITORS
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a Spire Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at info@Spire.network. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request and include the name of the Site with respect to which you are requesting the information, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.