https://www.ncfp.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
About
Board, Fellows, & Staff
Who We Serve
What We Do
Knowledge Center
Content Collections
Policy Central
Publications & Research
Pursuit of Excellence: Board Self-Assessment Tool
Community Foundations Family Philanthropy Playbook
Events & Webinars
Blog
Contribute to the Blog
Peer Networks
Engaging Youth Peer Network
Non-family Staff Peer Network
Strategic Lifespan Peer Network
Friends and Partners
Family Philanthropy Job Board
Contact Us
Search for:
search
Join the Family or Sign in
Connect
TwitterFacebookLinkedIn
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
email
Email
Gmail
Yahoo
Outlook
AOL Mail
Twitter
Facebook
print
Privacy Policy
April 2019
At the National Center for Family Philanthropy (NCFP) we recognize that privacy is important to you and work diligently to safeguard your information.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our websites and services and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve our service and your site experience. By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Policy have the same definition as in our Terms and Conditions.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
A number of services that we offer do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us. In order to provide our full range of services, however, we may collect the following types of information:
Personally Identifiable Information
In order to improve your experience on our site and to provide services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, email address, postal address, and organization. The information may be collected electronically, via website forms or email, via mail, or via phone. The information that we collect may be used to contact or identify you in accordance with this Policy.
If and when you register for an event or subscribe to NCFP’s network as a Friend of the Family (“Friend”) or partner subscriber, you will be required to provide personally identifiable information. Some of that information, including organization name and website url, may be publicly available on the site to demonstrate Friend or partner subscriber support for NCFP. Should you wish your listing to be removed from NCFP’s “Our Funders” or “Our Partners” page, please email ncfp@ncfp.org.
Certain areas of this website may require users to login with a username and password. NCFP stores your username or email address as your unique identifier.
User Communications
When NCFP receives emails or other communications, we may retain these communications and your contact information in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services.
In addition to uses identified elsewhere in this Policy, the information we collect may be used to send you information that may of interest to you.  Every email sent by NCFP provides an opportunity for you to opt out of receiving this type of email message in the future or to unsubscribe from all future communications. In addition, you may email ncfp@ncfp.org to request to be opted out of future communications.
On occasion, NCFP sends invoices and other printed materials to users in our network at the mailing address provided to us. You may opt out of receiving printed communications by emailing ncfp@ncfp.org.
Third Parties
NCFP does not sell or rent your email addresses to third parties. However, NCFP may use third party providers to provide certain services and we may share personal information with these providers. We require any company we share personal information with to protect the data in a manner consistent with this Policy and to limit the use of such personal information for the performance of services to NCFP.
Behavior on NCFP’s Website
Cookies
This site uses industry-standard Google Analytics cookies to provide statistics on website activity. You have the right to accept or decline the use of cookies. If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked. Please review our full Cookie Notice.
Log Data
This site also collections information sent by your browser called Log Data. Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser version, pages that you visit, the time and date of your visit, and the time spent on those pages.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect or process personal data considered “sensitive” data unless required to by law.
Data integrity
NCFP processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy. We monitor our collection, storage, and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the personal information which is needed to provide or improve our services.
This Policy applies to websites and services that are owned and operated by NCFP. NCFP is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, including those that are linked to on NCFP’s website.
If your data needs to be corrected, you can update your profile or email your amendments to ncfp@ncfp.org.
Changes to this policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Any Policy changes will be duly posted on this page and each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date.
Please feel free to contact us any time if you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy.
COVID-19: Response and Recovery Resources for Giving Families
This collection features resources from the field, an interactive map of local funds, upcoming COVID-19 webinars, and more.
Browse the Collection
Racial Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
This Content Collection includes a variety of perspectives and tools for addressing REDI issues within your organization, including a collection of customized Checklists, Quizzes, and Self-Assessment Tools for boards and staff.
Browse the Collection
Trends in Family Philanthropy: Current Research in the Field
This Content Collection features NCFP's Trends 2020 Study and other current research on the field of family philanthropy.
Browse the Collection
Stanford PACS Guide to Effective Philanthropy
The aim for this book is to simplify the components of effective philanthropy. The Guide has two major parts. Part One lays out a series of personal considerations that will help shape your philanthropic strategy. Part Two delves into the tactical practices of philanthropy to help you deploy your resources most effectively.
Browse the Collection
Trust-based Philanthropy
Whether you’re a long-time practitioner or are just considering adopting this approach, we hope these resources will help you bring trust-based principles into practice.
Browse the Collection
Participatory Grantmaking
This Content Collection features research, case studies, discussion guides, and other articles and blog posts on the practice of Participatory Grantmaking (also sometimes referred to as Community Led Grantmaking).
Browse the Collection
Multi-faceted Giving
This content collection was curated to help answer those questions and allow your philanthropic family to better accommodate diverse systems of giving.
Browse the Collection
Generations Together: Engaging Youth
This special collection was curated by our Engaging Youth Peer Network. We thank them for their leadership and sharing. Unless otherwise noted, all resources listed are intended to be able to be used directly with kids.
Browse the Collection
Expenditure Responsibility
This NCFP Content Collection includes FAQs, rules and sample policies for the process of expenditure responsibility to ensure your grants to "non-charities" are for charitable purposes.
Browse the Collection
Policy Central: Sample Policies and Practices
NCFP's Policy Central includes sample policies and practices in the areas of governance, grantmaking, family dynamics, engaging the next generation, investments, management, and staffing. New samples are added frequently, and are here when you need them!
Browse the Collection
Foundation Archives
This Content Collection features reports and articles of interest to foundations considering whether to establish archives to preserve their records, knowledge, and histories.
Browse the Collection
Strategic Philanthropy
This Content Collection features NCFP research, webinars, and additional resources to use as your foundation or family considers its overall strategy and approach to philanthropy.
Browse the Collection
Family Foundation CEO Leadership Series: For NCFP Friends
NCFP's complete series of guides for hiring, orienting, evaluating and navigating challenging changes and transitions in the careers of family foundation CEOs.
Browse the Collection
Collections
Curated by our staff to meet your needs
Browse All Collections
Get Involved
Search Knowledge Center for Resources!
By Keyword
We’re here to help you on your philanthropic journey. Contact NCFP for support!
Get Assistance
Keep up with trends in family philanthropy. Subscribe to our newsletter!
Signup
Family philanthropy improves the quality of life for all. Join our family!
Join Now
This content is available exclusively to NCFP Friends of the Family. To access it, please LOGIN or JOIN THE FAMILY.
Login
Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Forgot password
Join the family