https://www.lusterproducts.com/privacy-policy.php
Make Purchase using Your Luster Account and Receive
FREE SHIPPING with $50 Purchase!!!
Offer valid for Domestic Shipments within the Contiguous U.S. via UPS Ground
Proud Sponsor of
My Neighbors Keeper
Home
Brands
Shop By Category
Categories Childrens Products    Conditioner    Relaxer    Shampoo    Styling Conditioners Treatments    Conditioner    Hot Oil    Leave in Conditioner Conditioning
...................
Categories continued.... Health and Personal Care    Hand Sanitizer Mens Products    Beard    Hair    Shave Natural Transitioning Shampoo    Shampoo Straightening
...................
Categories continued.... Styling    Activator    Childrens Products    Gel    Glosser    Hairdress    Holding Spray    Lotion    Polish    Pomade
.................
Categories continued....    Relaxer    Sheen Spray    Spritz    Styling Aid    Styling Spray Texture Enhancers    Childrens Products    Mens Products    Relaxer
Events
Events
Events
About Us
About Us
About Luster Products
Research and Development
Private Label
Contact Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
Shipping Policies
Return Policies
60th Anniversary
60th Anniversary Flipbook
Luster's®
Privacy Policy
SHOP PRODUCTS
EVENTS
Privacy Policy
Luster Products, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors who may visit our website and voluntarily provide us with information so we may better serve you. This privacy policy describes what information Lusterproducts.com collects, how we use it, and to whom we may disclose it. As described below, you may opt-out of certain uses of your personal information. If anything in this policy changes, we will post the changes, and we will not disclose your information in a way that you have not authorized.
Information Collection and Use
Our Website does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information from visitors. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and any information volunteered by the customer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. This information is used by our marketing personnel to better understand our subscribers to target their marketing efforts. It is not required for magazine fulfillment and should be submitted at the subscriber's discretion.
Luster Products, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Luster Products, Inc. collects information from our users at five different points on our website: the Contact Us Form, Surveys, Contest/Promotions, Club Membership and newsletters.
Surveys
From time to time, we will develop surveys that will enable us to develop and customize products to better meet your needs and preferences and to offer you products from Luster Products, Inc. and other sources that may be of interest to you. We give users the option to provide a variety of demographic information (such as age, product usage, marital status, hobbies, and gender), and we encourage you to describe your interests, so we can provide more personalized information and services. We do not transfer information to third parties, except for as described in this policy.
Special Offers/Promotions/Contests
From time-to-time our site conducts contests and/or promotions, for which members are eligible. When you register, you are asked whether you want to participate in these contests. Participation in these contests is entirely voluntary. However, you must provide us with contact information in order to participate, so that we can notify the winners and award prizes. We do not give your contact information to third parties.
Log Files
We use digital information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing Information with Other Parties
We will share aggregated demographic information with our marketing personnel at Luster Products, Inc. For example, we may inform a brand manager that a certain percentage of our visitors are adults 18-30 years old. The aggregate demographic information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Links
This website may contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Lusterproducts.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. Lusterproducts.com provides links to those websites, but Luster Products, Inc. is not responsible for the content on those sites.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. All of our users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Policy Page, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Questions or comments:
The Luster Products, Inc., Web Site Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of our customers and prospects. We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact contactus@lusterproducts.com.
Director of Information Technology-Webmaster
Luster Products, Inc.
1104 W. 43rd Street
Chicago, Illinois 60609
+1-773-579-1800 (International calls)
1-800-621-4255 (Domestic and Canadian calls)
Back to Top
ABOUT
Privacy
Terms of Use
My Neighbor's Keeper
CONTACT
Private Label
Luster Products.com
Tech Survey
FEATURED PRODUCTS
Shop Online
Site Map
EVENT CALENDAR
LIID
Employee Login
Email
Please Support My Neighbors Keeper
© 2016  Luster Products Inc.  Chicago, IL 60609