http://www.libertylb.org/privacy.php
Home
About Us
I'm new
Schedule
Prayer Requests
Contact Us
Menu
Liberty Lutheran Brethren Church Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Liberty Lutheran Brethren Church.
Our postal address is: 1702 32nd Ave South, Fargo, ND 58103.
We can be reached via e-mail or by calling (701)293-3331.
We do collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, search results, and technological information about how our site is accessed. With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
All of the information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and the use of our Web site.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically does not recognize any information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We do collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
We do collect information volunteered to us by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding information or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.