http://www.state.nj.us/nj/legal.html
Backto top
NJ.gov
NJ.gov
NJ.gov
About NJ
Key Links
Facts & Symbols
Symbols
Famous NJ
History
Arts & Culture
The Garden State
NJ National Landmarks & Historic Sites
NJ Maps
Business
Community & Wellness
Key Links
Your Community
Vital Statistic & Public Records
Civic Responsibilities
& Volunteering
Genealogy & History
Consumer
Housing & Property
Assistance
Health & Wellness
Counseling & Addiction Services
Children & Family Services
Senior Services
Veteran Services
Disability Services
Animal Welfare
Education
Key Links
Students
Parents
Educators
Special Needs Education
Grants, Financial Aid & Scholarships
Jobs in Education
Directories/Lists
Employment
Key Links
Find a Job in NJ
Licenses & Permits
Job Training
Unemployment & Disability
Employer Responsibilities
Information for NJ State Employees
Government
Key Links
Governor's Office
About NJ Government
State Government Resources
State & Local Directories
Departments & Agencies
Taxes
Municipal and County Government
Federal Government & Other States
Public Safety & Security
Key Links
Public Service and Emergency Assistance Phone Numbers
Crisis Centers
Homeland Security
Internet Security
School Security
Crime Prevention and Response
Disaster Assistance
Senior Citizens
Legal Resources
Fire Prevention
Things to do in NJ
Key Links
Arts & Culture
Historical Attractions
Museums
Theaters & Concert Halls
Sports Venues
State Parks & Forests
Outdoor Activities
Family Fun
The Jersey Shore
NJ Lighthouses
Casinos
Agri-tourism/Farms
Gardens & Arboretums
Wineries
Shopping
Skiing/Ice Skating
Surfing
Transportation & Motor Vehicles
Key Links
Vehicles, Licensing, Registration and Regulations
Inspections
Auto Insurance
Transportation and Construction
Highway Traffic Safety
EZ pass
Maps & Publications
Buses, Trains & Light Rail
Motorcycles, Bikes & Boats
Air Transportation
HomeLegal Statement & Disclaimers
Legal Statement & Disclaimers
The following notices apply to all web sites of state agencies listed at http://nj.gov/nj/gov/deptserv/ in the executive branch of state government other than independent state agencies.
June 17, 2010
State of New JerseyConditions of Use Notice
Thank you for visiting the State of New Jersey's web site and reviewing our Use Policy. You should also be aware that the State has a Privacy Policy, also available on this web site. By visiting this web site, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Notice. This Notice covers the following topics:Please note that this Use Policy is subject to change without notice, and that it reflects the state's current business practices.Also note that each department within the State may have additional privacy and use policies specific to the mission and needs of their work. Be sure to review those policies as you access additional sites within the State.
Section A. Information Disclaimer
The State of New Jersey makes great effort to provide secure, accurate and complete information on this web site. However, portions of the information contained in this site may be incorrect or not current. Any errors or omissions should be reported for investigation.The State of New Jersey, its officers, employees or agents shall not be liable for damages or losses of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information, including but not limited to, damages or losses caused by reliance upon the accuracy or timeliness of any such information, or damages incurred from the viewing, distributing, or copying of those materials.The materials and information provided on this website are provided "as is." No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed, or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources.The State disclaims any duty or obligation to either maintain availability of or to update the information contained on any of these web sites.
Section B. Investment Information Disclaimer
The State has included the information contained on this web site for general informational purposes only and no person should make any investment decision relating to securities of the State or securities issued by governmental authorities that are secured by amounts subject to appropriation by the State Legislature in reliance on any statements or information contained herein. This web site and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any such securities.  The State does not intend and does not consider any of the statements or information on this web site as a communication to the investment community or to any persons who own or who may consider purchasing any such securities.
Section C. Links to Other Sites
The State of New Jersey's website and materials may contain hypertext or links to other internet computer sites, which are not owned, operated, controlled or reviewed by the State. These links are provided solely as a courtesy and convenience to you, the visitor.The State of New Jersey, its officers or employees, exercise no control over the organizations, views, accuracy, copyright or trademark, compliance or the legality of the material contained on those servers and do not sponsor, endorse, or approve the information, content, proceeds, materials, opinions or services contained on such external sites. The visitor proceeds to those external sites at their own risk. The State of New Jersey specifically disclaims any and all liability from damages, which may result from the accessing of a third-party site, which is linked to the State of New Jersey's web site, or from reliance upon only such information.
Section D. Endorsement Disclaimer
Reference in this web site to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm, or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the State of New Jersey, or its officers, employees or agents.
Section E. Intrusion Detection
All State of New Jersey computer systems are subject to monitoring at all times to assure proper functioning of the systems, to provide security for the computer system's operation and information contained therein, to prevent unauthorized use, and to deter and investigate violations of law. There is no reasonable expectation of privacy in the use of this web site.
Section F. Copyright and Trademark Limitations
The State of New Jersey has made the content of these pages available to the public and anyone may view, copy or distribute State information found here without obligation to the State, unless otherwise stated on particular material or information to which a restriction on free use may apply. However, the State makes no warranty that materials contained herein are free of Copyright or Trademark claims or other restrictions or limitations on free use or display. Making a copy of such material may be subject to the copyright of trademark laws.
Section G. Seal of the State of New Jersey
Use and display of the Seal of the State of New Jersey and the seals and logos of any state agency are restricted by law and may be used only as authorized by the law of the State of New Jersey.
Section H. Unauthorized Modifications
Unauthorized attempts to modify or modifications of any information stored on the State's web pages may result in criminal prosecution.