http://www.cdflaborlaw.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
CDF Labor Law LLP Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 14, 2020
CDF Labor Law LLP respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to CDF Labor Law LLP ("CDF" or "we, us, and our"). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share the personal information that we gather on our websites, www.cdflaborlaw.com, www.cdflitigation.com, www.callaborlaw.com, and www.fraudlawalert.com (the “Site” or “Sites”). By continuing to use our Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Use Personal Information?
How Do We Share Personal Information?
How Do We Respond to ‘Do Not Track’ Signals?
Your Privacy Choices
California Privacy Rights
Nevada Privacy Rights
Legal Bases for Processing (EEA Individuals)
EEA Individuals’ Rights
International Users
Children’s Privacy
Cookie Policy
Change of Control
How Do We Protect Personal Information?
Policy Changes
Contact Information
1.  What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Give Us. You may give us information by signing up for an email newsletter, entering information through our online forms, or contacting us by phone, email or on our website for information.
The categories of information include:
Personal information such as name, telephone number, address, company or work information, email address and client-related matter provided to us to schedule a consultation;
Records and copies of your correspondence, if you contact us;
Personal information such as name and email address provided to us in relation to subscribing to and receiving newsletters, alerts or other services from us;
Responses to surveys we may ask you to complete for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them;
Social media information, such as social media handles, content and other data shared with us through third-party features that you use on our Site and other service (such as apps, tools, payment services, widgets and plug-ins offered by social media services like Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter) or posted on social media pages (such as our social media page or other pages accessible to us);
Commercial information such as name, billing address and payment card details (including card number, expiration date and security code), which is collected and stored by a third-party payment processor on our behalf.
Information we receive from third parties, for example, our business partners, suppliers and vendors that provide services such as webinars, videos, training materials, books and other services. These third parties include: Survey Monkey, Zoom, GoToWebinar, and SiteImprove.
Professional, employment, or education information, such as copies of your Resume or CV and any other information required to verify your qualifications, for recruitment purposes.
Information We Automatically Collect. Like many website operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This includes Log Data, such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, domain name, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Sites that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics, and whether you reached our page via a social media or email campaign. This information may be collected via several technologies, including browser cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, server logs, and other technologies. We collect this information in the aggregate and do not associate this information with any user or computer.
You can control cookies in your browser, to enable or disable them. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Information We Collect From Third Parties. If you access our Sites through third parties (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn or Google), or if you share content from our Sites to a third party social media service, the third party service will send us certain information about you if the third party service and your account settings allow such sharing. The information we receive will depend on the policies and your account settings with the third-party service. You should never share or post personal, financial or sensitive information or any information you expect to be treated confidentially through those websites.
2.  How Do We Use Personal Information?
We use your personal information as follows:
To provide you with our legal services
To market our services to you
To analyze website usage and improve the performance of our website
For market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems
For detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity
To provide you with employment opportunities
3.  How Do We Share Personal Information?
Affiliates and Service Providers. We share your information with our third-party service providers and any subcontractors as required to offer you our legal services. For example, we use Expression Engine and Campaign Monitor for our website marketing tools and third-party vendors to process our customer payments. These service providers are under a duty of confidentiality to us.
Third Party Links and Websites. Our website may contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any data to these websites.
Social Media. Our website may include social media buttons or widgets (“social media elements”). These social media elements may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media elements are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature and/or widget.
Disclosures Required by Law. We may be required to disclose your data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements. We may be under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the protect the rights, property, or safety of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
4.  How Do We Respond to ‘Do Not Track’ Signals?
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
5.  Your Privacy Choices
Marketing Opt-Out: You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, or you can contact us using the contact information below. You will continue to receive service-related messages concerning services we provide to you (unless we have indicated otherwise).
6.  California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights:
The right to know what personal information is being collected about you.
The right to know whether your personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom.
The right to say no to the sale of personal information.
The right to access your personal information.
The right, in certain circumstances, to delete the information you have provided to us.
The right to equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rights, unless the difference in service and/or price is reasonably related to the value provided to the you by your personal information.
Request for Information. California consumers have the right to request, up to twice in a 12-month period, that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the information listed below for the preceding 12 months. We have the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information.
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
To make such a request, please call us at 888-344-1747, or contact us using the contact information below.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information. California consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Third Party Marketing. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
7.  Nevada Privacy Rights
Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Nevada consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information. We do not sell Nevada consumer’s personal information to third parties.
8.  Legal Bases for Processing (EEA Individuals)
If you are from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information, we will process your personal data based on:
The performance of your contract or to enter into the contract and to take action on your requests. For example, the performance of our legal services.
To help you exercise or defend your legal rights.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing, and improvement of our services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatary retention periods. We may also collect your personal information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements, as described above in “How Do We Share Personal Information?”
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided in the "Contact Information" section below.
9.  EEA Individuals’ Rights
If you are from the European Economic Area, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your personal information;
Correct inaccurate personal information;
Request erasure of your personal information without undue delay;
Request the restricted processing of your personal information;
Request portability of the personal information that you have given us; and
To object to the processing of your personal information.
If you are from the European Economic Area, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, under certain circumstances.
You may contact us at the contact information below for more information, or to exercise your rights.
10.  International Users
Any data that you provide to us may be accessed, shared or processed by our offices, located in the United States, and service providers located in the United States and abroad, if such data transfer is necessary for the specific purpose for which you submitted your data (such as the provision of goods or services under a written contract). This may entail a transfer of your personal information across international borders, including, but not limited to, transfers from within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) to the United States. The data protections standards may differ and be lower than the standards enforced in your jurisdiction. We maintain appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law for any personal information transferred internationally, and as required by applicable law, will seek your consent prior to such transfers.
11.  Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed at individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at the contact information below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information.
12.  Cookie Policy
To make our websites and services work properly, and to provide tailored advertising, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, shopping cart, or other preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
13.  Change of Control
We may choose to buy or sell assets and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, your personal information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
14.  How Do We Protect Personal Information?
We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect personal information we obtain through the Site against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
15.  Policy Changes
We may change our privacy policy at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
16.  Contact Information
If you wish to contact us or have any questions about or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Email address: privacy@cdflaborlaw.com
Phone: (949) 622-1661
18300 Von Karman Avenue, Suite 800 Irvine, California 92612
Recent Case Studies
Draft Handbook Policy to Allow Employees to Use…
Informal Background Investigation of Plaintiff…
Collective Bargaining Agreement Breakthrough…
Race Discrimination Jury Trial Ends in Defense…
Global Engineering Firm Secures Verdict Ending…
CDF Labor Law LLP © 2020
Why CDF What We Do Attorneys Case Studies News & Events Offices Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy