http://www.edmundricecollege.co.uk/cmsfiles/policies/privacy/
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 24 May 2018
Your privacy is important to us.
This website privacy policy describes how we protect and make use of the information you give us when you use this website.
Privacy Policy
We will not collect personal information/personal data about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information. Please read the following privacy statement to understand how we use and protect the information that you choose to provide to us.
Personal information which we collect from you
We do not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from the information which you volunteer to send us via forms e.g. Contact, Survey, Email.
This can include:
phone number, email address, postal address or mobile number)
online log-in information (e.g., username, password, answers to security questions).
Non-Personal information which we collect
When you visit our website, certain non-personal data is available to us through our internet service provider. This non-personal data is collected on a statistical, aggregate, non-individual basis.
This information may include the IP address from which you access our website, the type of browser used to access our website (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), the type of operating system used to access our website (Windows, Macintosh, etc.), the "top-level" domain name used (ie, .com, .org, etc.), the date and time of your visit to our website and the number of pages you visited on our website.
Use of your information
We may use your personal information for the following reasons:
To contact you and answer any queries which you have raised in the "Contact Us" form or to address any reasonably incidental purpose.
Send you email updates about the School
Cooperate with regulators and law enforcement bodies;
For our own internal records.
Disclosure to Other People
Any information which you provide using forms or surveys is not made available to any third parties and is only used by the School in line with the purposes for which you provided it.
We do not disclose, sell or distribute any personal information which you send to us to any third parties.
We may pass aggregate information on the usage of our site to third parties, but this will not include information that can be used to identify you. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
Consent
We only store information that is provided to us.
We process your personal data:
with your consent
where we are required to do this by law (for example, where it is necessary to retain it in connection with potential litigation)
when it is in our legitimate interests to do this and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Security
We take our security responsibilities seriously, employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures, including staff training and awareness.
We restrict access to your personal information to those who require access to such information for legitimate, relevant purposes.
We implement technical, organisational, administrative and physical measures to help ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal information we collect, use, disclose and process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the on-going integrity and confidentiality of personal information.
We review our security procedures regularly.
How long do we keep your data for?
We do not retain your personal data for longer than it is necessary for us to comply with the purpose for which you gave it to us. After this purpose has been completed, we will delete your personal data.
App & Email (Public Messaging)
This website/App and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. No personal data is stored in relation to users who download the School app.
This website may operate an email program, used to inform subscribers of updates. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
Email published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list].
This information is used to refine future emails and supply the user with more relevant content.
In compliance with Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable clear instructions on how to unsubscribe will by detailed instead.
App & Email (Private Messaging)
The school may collect parents/guardians details so they can be contacted by the private messaging system. Only the details needed to send messages and group contacts is stored. Anyone wishing to have their details updated or removed can do so by contacting the school.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites).
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links. These will typically be served as logos which link to the sponsor's website.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser's website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer's hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default, some social media platforms shorten lengthy URLs [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened URLs published on social media platforms by this website and its owners.
Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine URLs are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the internet. When you visit any web page on our website, our servers log your IP address. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive to identify you as the user of the website. Many internet sites use cookies. Typically, they are used by the website to identify the person accessing the website to track the person's use of the site and any repeat visits made by that person.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Your browser will give you the option of preventing websites using cookies or deleting cookies that have been accepted. Your browser's help service or help manual will show you how this is done. If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can "turn off" the cookie acceptance setting on your browser setting. However, you must note that this may stop our website from working properly on your device. If you do not change your browser settings to refuse cookies, our website will issue cookies when you visit our website. If you continue to use our website, you agree and consent to our use of cookies on your device.
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information on cookies our website uses.
What are your rights?
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint about how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
Contact us using the information below.
Contacting Us
If you are concerned about how your personal data is processed by our website, please do not hesitate to bring these concerns to our attention using the contact details below:
School Web Design team@schoolwebdesign.net
T: 028 37 997 456
School Web Design
Markethill Business Centre
6 Fairgreen Road
Markethill
Co. Armagh
BT60 1PW