http://www.familylegacy.org/help/privacypolicy.php
FamilyLegacy.org
Home(current)
Search(current)
Family Pages
Barrus
Butler
Chidester
Hammond
Latham
Lee
Stoddard
Walters
Help
FAQ
Privacy Policy
About US
Contact(current)
Search
Privacy Policy
This is the web site FamilyLegacy.org.
We can be reached via e-mail at webmaster@familylegacy.org
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the visitor's domain name, but not the name or e-mail address.
We collect the domain name of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit, user-specific information on what pages visitors access or visit, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address or phone number on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us that contact information.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Visitors can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, or if you have any questions regarding this policy, you may contact us at the above email address.