http://www.denvergov.org/content/denvergov/en/city-of-denver-home/terms-of-use.html
Skip navigation
Search
Translate This Page
Disclaimer
The City and County of Denver maintains this website to enhance public access to city information. This is a service that is continually under development. City agencies will try to keep information timely and accurate and will make an effort to correct errors shared via the 311 Help Center or using the feedback tool on the website. Be advised that the information available on this website may not reflect official positions of the city.
References to any specific commercial products, process or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the City and County of Denver. The views and opinions of authors expressed do not necessarily state or reflect the opinion of the city, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
With respect to documents available from this server, neither the city nor any of its employees assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.
The documents on this website contain hypertext links to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. Be aware that the city does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness or completeness of this outside information. Further, the inclusion of hyperlinks to particular items in text is not intended to reflect their importance, nor is it intended to endorse any views expressed or products or services offered by the author of the reference or the organization operating the server on which the reference is maintained.
Policies & Guidelines
Editorial & Content
Individual city agencies are responsible for the content of their webpages on Denvergov.org under the general direction of Technology Services. Denver Marketing and Media Services is responsible for overseeing the content on pages across Denvergov.org. The Denvergov.org home page highlights programs, services, events and announcements from across the city for the general public. Visit PocketGov.com to report an issue or get answers to common questions on your desktop or mobile device. To speak with a city representative, contact 311 by dialing 3-1-1 within Denver, or if you are outside of Denver call 720-913-1311.
Links
The Denvergov.org website contains links to other government, community and commercial websites and resources.
External links are limited to the following:
City-funded programs or initiatives, a subsidiary organization, or a partner organization of the city
Official federal, state or local government websites
Websites that enable visitors to conduct transactions online
Websites that relate to agency business
Websites that the city has an existing formal or contractual relationship
External links are prohibited from sites that:
Handle the privacy of personal information in a way that is inconsistent with the city's privacy policy
Are associated with advocacy groups for a political party, an organization or a candidate running for office
Promote or exhibit hate, bias, discrimination, pornography, libelous or otherwise defamatory content
Promote any religion or religious viewpoint
Are individual or personal websites
Security Policy
Denvergov.org uses a secure server for conducting online services. Some information submitted through this website is protected by encryption technology, while some information may not. As a general rule, all personally identifiable information is encrypted at submission time. Current web browsers also provide visual cues to the visitor that a site or page is secure. At the bottom of the browser window, you should see a key or lock symbol. If the key image is not broken or the lock image appears locked, then you are on a secure website or page. If the key or lock images are not present or appear broken, that page is not secured.
Personal information on Denvergov.org is secured. Only City employees who monitor the status of computers or who perform routine maintenance are allowed access. If a user submits information to a City server through a webpage or application that contains visible indicators of active encryption technology, the City will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of such information. However, no website can protect itself against all threats.
The City and County of Denver, its officials and employees are not be liable for any injury caused to a user by the disclosure of personal information via a security breach, accident, inadvertence or any other act resulting in disclosure.
Social Media on Denvergov.org
Customer Use Policy
The City and County of Denver uses many social outlets to engage with its citizens and customers, including through social media. Part of this engagement includes the sharing of information between the city and users of official city social media sites. Any engagement with the city through social media sites means that users are agreeing to the following:
Information Collected by the City via Social Media:
The City and County of Denver is committed to protecting individual privacy and securing personal information made available to us when using our official social media sites. The city does not collect or store personal information made available to us via our official social media sites, nor does it provide such information to third-parties. However, it is important to remember that social media sites are public sites. Therefore, you are discouraged from disclosing personal information at any time. The city does collect anonymous, demographic information via the owners of social media sites. This demographic information is used by the city to determine the most effective use of social media.
The city offers services on Denvergov.org that allows users to sign up to receive communications, such as event notifications, newsletters, updates and reminders like street sweeping and trash pickup. The information obtained by these communications tools are strictly used for the purpose identified in the user opt-in form.
Commenting on a City Social Media Site
The City and County of Denver encourages the use of its social media sites as a forum for discussion. However, all official city social media sites are moderated for appropriate content. While comments will not be edited by city personnel, the following types of comments may be deleted:
Comments engaging in political activity including advocating for the election or defeat of any individual to elected public office or promoting the passage or defeat of any ballot question or measure
Comments promoting or advertising a business or commercial transaction
Comments including obscene, threatening or harassing language
Comments including personal attacks of any kind
Comments that target or disparage any ethnic, racial, age, or religious group, gender, sexual orientation or disability status
Comments advocating illegal activity or including the posting of material that violates copyrights or trademarks of others
Terms of Service of the Host Site
All posting activity on the city's social media channels are also subject to the Terms of Service of the host site.
Text Message Alerts
I authorize the City and County of Denver to send me text message alerts to the mobile phone number that I provide. I understand that I am not required to sign this consent, and that signing this consent is not a condition for me to purchase any product or services from City and County of Denver.  I understand that standard message and data rates may apply.
I understand I can opt-out of receiving City and County of Denver Alerts at any time by texting STOP to DENVER(336837), or by contacting https://www.denvergov.org.  If I need additional information on City and County of Denver Alerts, I can text HELP to DENVER(336837), or call 720-913-1311.
Message frequency on average is 4 msg/month.  There is no charge to participate in the City and County of Denver Alerts,; however, message and data rates may apply (please contact your mobile carrier for further details on message and data rates under your mobile plan).
The City and County of Denver text messaging service is available on these US carriers only: Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel , Boost, T-Mobile®, AT&T, Alltel, ACS Wireless, Bluegrass Cellular, Carolina West Wireless, CellCom, Cellular One of East Central Illinois (ECIT), Cincinnati Bell, Cricket, C-Spire Wireless, Duet IP (AKA Max/Benton/Albandy), Element Mobile, Epic Touch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), Illinois Valley Cellular (IVC), Inland Cellular, iWireless, Keystone Wireless (Immix/PC Management), MetroPCS, MobiPCS, Mosaic, MTPCS/Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, nTelos, Panhandle Telecommunications, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, Rina-Custer, Rina-All West, Rina- Cambridge Telecom Coop, RinaEagle Valley Comm, Rina-Farmers Mutual Telephone Co, Rina-Nucla Nutria Telephone Co, Rina- Silver Star, Rina- South Central Comm, Rina- Syringa, Rina- UBET, Rina- Manti, Simmetry, South Canaan/CellularOne of NEPA, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, U.S. Cellular, Viaero Wireless, Virgin Mobile, West Central Wireless (includes Five Star Wireless). Please consult the application wireless service agreement for your individual pricing plan. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered to you if your phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of your wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer's equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. You acknowledge that urgent alerts may not be timely received and that your wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered.
The City and County of Denver text messaging service is currently being utilized for:
COVID-19 – Public Health and Safety Information — A text-message notification campaign that sends alerts and notifications of COVID-19 public health and safety information for Denver residents.
For more information please see our privacy policy page.
Privacy & Security Policy
Copyright Notice
While the City provides the information on this server to anyone, the City retains copyright on all text, graphic images, and other content. This means that users may not: (1) distribute the text or graphics to others without the express written permission of the City and County of Denver; (2) mirror or copy this information to another server without permission; or (3) modify or re-use the text or graphics on this system. Users may print copies of the information for personal use and reference for their own documents. Commercial use of the materials is prohibited without the written permission of the City. In all copies of this information, users must retain this notice and any other copyright notices originally included.
The City and County of Denver reserves all other rights.
Copyright © 2014, City & County of Denver