http://www.aigroup15.org/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Last updated: January 06, 2019
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the http://www.aigroup15.org website (the “Service”) operated by Aigroup 15 (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. The Terms and Conditions agreement
for Aigroup 15 is based on the TermsFeed’s Terms and Conditions Template.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Aigroup 15.
Aigroup 15 has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Aigroup 15 shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Search for:
Translate our Site
Twitter Tweets by thisisnelle
Categories
Advertising
Art
Car Service
Ecommerce
General
Health
Industry
Job
Leisure
@Insta
View on Instagram
Recent Posts
Tactics of choosing an energy supplier
The Most familiar realistic art styles in painting
Power Rate in nations belongs to various laws
Web-based game picking a getaway room
Best Online Banks and its credits
Follow Me
twitter
instagram
pinterest
tumblr
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings