http://www.washingtongrantmakers.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome » About Us » Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWashington Regional Association of Grantmakers (WRAG) respects your personal privacy and is committed to protecting it. It is not necessary to reveal your identity or any personal information to visit www.washingtongrantmakers.org.
Use of CookiesWe may use cookies on occasion to track the number of people who visit our site from certain other websites and how they utilize our website. The cookies we use do not personally identify individuals by their name, email address or any other personal attribute. Some general information about visitors to our site is collected automatically. This includes the domain from which you access the Internet (such as AOL or MSN); the web browser you use (such as Internet Explorer or Google Chrome); the date and time of the visit to our site; and the pages that are visited. This information is used for statistical tracking purposes only, to help us improve our website and provide visitors with a positive browsing experience. This information is only compiled in aggregate, so that we know how many people are visiting our site each day, how long people spend viewing our site, which pages are visited most, etc.
This information will never be linked to your personal identity, used to contact you, or released to an outside entity in any way, unless you request that we do so (see the "Personal Information" section below). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but provide an option for blocking the acceptance of cookies.
Personal InformationSome areas of our website allow you the option to enter personal information. These may include requests for materials or information; subscriptions to email communication services; surveys or feedback forms; email links to our staff; or otherwise. If you voluntarily choose to provide personal information, it may be viewed by various people at WRAG in the process of responding to your on-line request.
If you choose to provide us with personal information, we will never sell, rent or provide this information to others without your consent except as we might be required to do so by law. However, we may share this information with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to be bound by our site policies and keep this information confidential.
SecurityWe make extensive use of technologies and techniques to help protect the integrity of the personal information you provide to us via the Internet. Still, you should be aware that electronic communications may not always be secure, in spite of all precautions. If you are concerned about providing sensitive information, you may wish to do so via phone, regular mail or during a personal consultation, rather than electronically.
All financial transactions on our website are managed through our agent, BB&T Merchant Services. All such transactions use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, are encrypted, take place on secure servers and occur in real time. Upon completion of each such transaction no credit card or bank information is retained.
Outside LinksOur website may contain links to outside websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We cannot be responsible for the privacy protections provided by sites outside of our website, even if they are linked to our website. A link to an outside site, company or organization in no way constitutes an endorsement or approval of that site, information, service or organization, either outright or implied, and we are not responsible for content on outside sites.
DisclaimersWe provide the information on www.washingtongrantmakers.org as a courtesy. It is designed for informational and educational purposes only.
We make no warranties or representations, whether expressly or implied, as to the accuracy, currency or entirety of any information contained or referenced in this site. We assume no liability for any errors or omissions in the content of this site. We do not assume any risk for your use of this site. References to specific products or services do not constitute or imply recommendation or endorsement by us. The individual views and opinions expressed in the site do not necessarily reflect those of the Washington Regional Association of Grantmakers organization.
By accessing this website, you assume full responsibility without limitation or qualification for the use of the information herein. Further, you agree that in no event will we or any party involved in the creation, production, or delivery of this site or any site linked to it be liable in any manner whatsoever for any decision, action or non-action taken based on information provided herein.
Refunds & CancellationsThere are no refunds for our programs and events.
Copyright InformationAll material contained within www.washingtongrantmakers.org is the sole property of WRAG, or is reproduced by authority of its owner. Everything that you see or hear on the site is copyrighted. This includes but is not restricted to all written and graphical content, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio, video, logos, and computer programming code.
Material displayed on www.washingtongrantmakers.org may be downloaded for non-commercial, personal use only. Material displayed on the site may not be distributed, modified, reproduced or reused in any way for personal, public or commercial purposes without the written consent of WRAG or its designees. Members-only information on the WRAG website is not to be distributed and is available for members of WRAG only.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on www.washingtongrantmakers.org are registered and unregistered proprietary marks owned by WRAG or their respective third-party owners, and are protected by federal trademark laws.
We do not warrant or represent in any manner that your use of materials displayed on www.washingtongrantmakers.org will not infringe the rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with WRAG.
Any unauthorized use of material appearing on www.washingtongrantmakers.org may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. WRAG will aggressively enforce its copyright and intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Governing LawThese Terms of Use and Privacy Policies shall be governed by the laws of the District of Columbia without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Changes to Terms and ConditionsThe terms and conditions set forth herein are subject to change and update at any time. By choosing to visit this site, you are bound by the terms set forth in this document and by such revisions to it as they are posted.
QuestionsIf you have questions about privacy, security or other issues related to www.washingtongrantmakers.org, please contact us at:
Systems Administrator: info@washingtongrantmakers.org1400 16th Street, NW, Suite 740Washington, DC  20036United States(202) 939-3440