http://www.easypenpals.com/privacy.php3
Privacy Statement
This statement discloses the privacy practices for our EasyPenpals.com website. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the EasyPenpals.com site administrator e-mail.
EasyPenpals.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site: Easy Penpals.
Registration Forms
This site's registration form requires users to submit contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like country). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site to help our members better describe themselves in their online profile. Personal information (like age) are required in order to give a more thorough description and better search results for our members. Some information (including state/province, city, and age) are optional fields on our application.
While we do not use members' personal information for advertising, it is important for our members to remember that the information on our site is publicly viewable. That means all the information collected in the registration proccess is displayed on our publicly viewable site, and accordingly they should only list information they would like everyone to see.
We will never sell or otherwise share your name, e-mail address, or other personal information with any other business or marketing campaign without your permission.
The only pieces of information we may share with advertisers on an aggregate basis are users' language, country, town, age, and gender.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to save current filters setting and to save login and passwords so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Information Automatically Logged
This site uses visitors' IP address and HostName to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
External links
This site contains links to other sites. EasyPenpals.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Security
This site has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Entrance to such information is limited to the site administrator only and will not be disclosed to other parties.
Delete/Deactivate
This site gives users the following option for removing their information from our database to not
receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
visit http://www.EasyPenpals.com/myadds.php3
log in with your login name and password
click on "Deactivate account" button at bottom of the page
if you do not know your login name and password, you may visit http://www.EasyPenpals.com/send.php3
Change/Modify
This site gives users the following option for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
change user profile
deleting ads
removing ads
copying ads
editing ads
You can read more about these feautures in Help sectiona at http://www.EasyPenpals.com/help.php3#5.
Authorization
The principle is that the application sends randomly generated code to the email address entered when logging into the system (respectively when adding a new email address to the personal profile). This will ensure that the authorization code will be known to the email account owner only.
User can insert this authorization code to the authorization form in Members section. Then the system will automatically add authorization signs to all ads he have entered in the past. Similarly all new ads he will enter will be added with this authorization sign .
If you respond to an ad including the authorization sign
you can be sure that the person whose email address is included with an ad as a contact one is really the person who submitted an ad.
Ads with ad key (anonymous ads)
When user chose this feature, his email address will not be viewable for other visitors. They replays to this ad by special form, when application automatically send this respond to advertiser's email address. Advertiser's email address will be kept in secret, during this process.
Contacting the
Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site,
you can write us admin@easypenpals.com.
Featured Links
Webbie World
Free Dating
Top Relationships Sites
Top Dating Sites
Top Dating
Top friendship
Top Women
Top Free
Friendship Topsites
Toplistcity Women
Top 100 Women Sites
Top Date
Dating Masters
Top20 Free Dating sites
Free Personals
How to Submit the Ad -
Join -
Log-in -
Privacy -
Terms and Conditions -
Links -
Help us -
Help
Copyright @ 2000 easypenpals.com . All rights reserved.
admin@easypenpals.com weto.cz webdesign