https://www.lewinsville.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Lewinsville Presbyterian Church is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our website. By visiting the Lewinsville Presbyterian Church website, users consent to the practices described in this statement.
Collection and Use of your Personal Information
Whenever a web page on the Lewinsville Presbyterian Church website is accessed, the visitor’s IP address, browser and version, operating system, date and time of visit, the website pages accessed, and the referring website are stored in a log file. This information is collected anonymously and automatically, providing general statistics regarding use of the Lewinsville Presbyterian Church website.
Lewinsville also collects personally identifiable information, such as names, email addresses, home or work addresses, telephone numbers and other information when users complete forms posted on the website. This information is used to deliver the services requested, such as registrations, address changes, other event sign-ups. When using an online form, information provided is transmitted to the Webmaster and to one or more persons responsible for the particular program or service related to that form.
Lewinsville does not sell, rent or lease any information collected to third parties.
All search terms entered into the Lewinsville Presbyterian Church search function are logged. This information cannot be used to identify specific individuals. It is used for website and system administration, research and development, and anonymous user analysis.
Lewinsville does not publish its member directory online. However, names, email and/or phone contact information are posted, as requested, by various Ministry Groups or as listed in newsletters, bulletins, and activity brochures of the church.
NOTE: The webmaster does NOT delete such information if it is contained in the text of regularly-issued publications of the church. Anyone who wishes to restrict publication of their personal contact information on our website must submit a written request to the Webmaster.
Names of persons listed on Lewinsville’s weekly prayer list in the Bulletin Announcements are not posted on the website to protect privacy.
Photographic Use and Identification on our Website
No one under 18 years of age is identified by full name in any photo displayed on Lewinsville’s website unless explicit permission is given in writing by a parent or guardian. Candid photographs are used extensively on the church website, often without any identification. Anyone may opt-out of having their photo used by submitting a request in writing to the Webmaster.
Linking Policy
This website may be linked to or from other websites that are not operated by Lewinsville Presbyterian Church. Lewinsville is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these third party websites.
Lewinsville Church provides references to and links for a variety of resources that may be of interest to those visiting Lewinsville.org. However, no inference or assumption should be made that Lewinsville Presbyterian Church specifically endorses, sponsors or supports the content of those publications, ministries and websites, nor should it be inferred that Lewinsville Presbyterian Church is necessarily connected with, operates or controls any linked websites.
Contact Information
Lewinsville Presbyterian Church welcomes comments regarding this website or this Statement of Privacy. Please contact the Webmaster at bettie@mcelroyassoc.com or contact the church office: Lewinsville Presbyterian Church, 1724 Chain Bridge Road, McLean, VA 22101 – 703-356-7200.