https://www.jackiewoods.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Jackie Woods, the Adawehi Healing Center, and Adawehi Institute are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We provide this Online Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy policy, practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Privacy Policy and Website Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Jackie Woods’ web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any proprietary software contained on Jackie Woods’ website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Jackie Woods at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Jackie Woods’ web site are provided “as is”. Jackie Woods makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Jackie Woods does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Jackie Woods or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Jackie Woods’ Internet site, even if Jackie Woods or an Jackie Woods authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Jackie Woods’ web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Jackie Woods does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Jackie Woods may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Jackie Woods does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Jackie Woods has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Jackie Woods of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Jackie Woods may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Jackie Woods’ web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
9. Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We have enabled Google Analytics Display Advertising Features. Google allows you to opt-out of this tracking process at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
10. Who We Share Your Data With
We do not sell our users’ private personal information.
We use third-party services (data processors) across our site. We list the specific third-parties in use in the sections below.
We disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to our providers that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services, and (ii) that have agreed, in writing, not to disclose it to others. Some of those providers may be located outside of your home country; by using our websites and services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
We may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If we ever were to engage in any onward transfers of your data with third parties for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, we would provide you with an opt-out choice to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
11. Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies across our site to help identify and track visitors, their usage of our services, and their website access preferences. We describe the specific cookies used in the sections below. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our websites, with the drawback that certain features may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
What Personal Data We Collect And Why We Collect It
Email/Contact Forms
Site visitors that email us, or use any of the contact forms on our websites, will have their email address, IP address, and any data provided in the contact form or body of the email stored.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Embeds are pieces from other websites that are shown from time to time on our websites. They behave in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website and may use cookies or capture information. Typically embedded content is from websites that share videos, images, or other content. These services may collect your IP Address, your User Agent, store and retrieve cookies on your browser, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including correlating your interaction with the content with your account with that service, if you are logged in to that service.
Links to the privacy policies of the most common services have been included below.
Facebook
Twitter
Vimeo
WordPress Plugin Directory
YouTube (Google)
Analytics
We use Google Analytics for tracking visitors and aggregating information about the traffic to our websites. The Google Analytics privacy policy can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy. You can learn more about how to opt-out of tracking in Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
We’ve turned on the IP Anonymization feature in Google Analytics. You can learn more about this here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en
Marketing Campaigns
We use email marketing to communicate with customers and potential customers from time to time. All email lists and campaigns are “opt-in” meaning we will not send you these sorts of emails unless you indicated that you wish to receive them during signup or other interactions on our website.
We may send you “system” emails, such as password reset requests or payment notifications/receipts even if you have not opted-in to email marketing lists.
All marketing emails sent by us will include an unsubscribe link in the footer of the email. Emails sent to you may also include standard tracking, including open and click activities.
We use iContact for email marketing. iContact’s privacy policy is found here: https://icontact.com/legal/privacy/
We may utilize social media and web advertising campaigns. These service providers use cookies on our sites and/or pixel tracking to serve ads across the different platforms.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Web Hosting Services
All web servers and hosting are managed by WP Engine. This includes website hosting, backups, web database, file storage, APIs, and log files. WP Engine’s privacy policy can be found here: https://wpengine.com/legal/privacy.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you are a registered user or have left comments on our site, you can request to see or download the data we have about you.
Typically for visitors that have left comments, the data will be their email address, any IP addresses assigned to them at the time of leaving the comments and the user agent strings of the browsers they used. The rest of the data is public as published by the visitors.
For registered users or paying customers, this will also include profile information and download/payment histories.
You can also request “to be forgotten” and we will erase any personally identifiable data we have about you. Of course, this excludes data we need for administrative or security purposes or if we are required by law to retain some of the data.
You may edit or delete any post or topic you make in our support forums at any time.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, should direct his/her query to customerservice@JackieWoods.org
How We Protect Your Data
The security and reliability of our service is our number one priority.
See wordpress.org/about/security for details on the security of the WordPress core itself.
Prevention is best when it comes to security, and as a first step, we follow all WordPress Code Standards in the plugins that we build and use.
All staff only have access to systems that are directly required to complete the functions of their job.
All staff (including any contractors) undergo initial training to ensure proper understanding of all security-related processes.
What Data Breach Procedures We Have In Place
Should any event occur where customer data has been lost, stolen, or potentially compromised, our policy is to alert our customers via email no later than 48 hours of our team becoming aware of the event. We will also report such incident to any required data protection authority. We will work closely with any customers affected to determine next steps such as any end-user notifications, needed patches, and how to avoid any similar event in the future.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, and at our sole discretion.
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please email: customerservice@JackieWoods.org
Contact Jackie Woods PERSONAL MESSAGES / MEDIA REQUESTS
Jackie Woods
c/o Adawehi Wellness Village
P.O. Box 1549
401 Adawehi Court
Columbus, NC 28722
828-894-0124 ext. 1
Contact Form
MORE SITES BY JACKIE WOODSADAWEHI WELLNESS VILLAGE
MASSAGE CEU COURSES
Give the Gift of Spiritual Growth!Follow Jackie WoodsSHOP BY TOPICFULL CATALOG
RELATIONSHIPS
MEDITATION
SPIRITUALITY
EMOTIONAL SUPPORT
CHAKRA HEALING
BUSINESS/CAREER
Take an Online Quiz!SOULMATE OR CELLMATE?
DISCOVER YOUR COMMUNICATION STYLE
Scroll to top
UA-866223-1