https://www.aclusandiego.org/privacy-technology/
EnglishEspañol
ISSUES
News
Our Work
Legal
Legislative & Advocacy
Public Education and Organizing
About Us
Board and Staff
Mission, Vision, Values
History of the ACLU
ACLU of California
Jobs
ACLU NextGen
Internships & Volunteering
Contact Us
Legal
Our Current Docket
Request Legal Assistance
Volunteer Attorneys
Legal Fellowships
Join
Resources
Press Releases
DONATE NOW
EnglishEspañol
Criminal Justice and Drug Policy
Education Equity
Free Speech
Immigrant Rights
LGBTQ Rights
Police Practices
Privacy and Technology
Racial Justice
Religious Liberty
Reproductive Justice
Voting Rights
Youth Rights
Privacy and Technology
Privacy rights are a fundamental American value
The ACLU works to expand the right to privacy, increase the control individuals have over their personal information, and ensure civil liberties are enhanced rather than compromised by technological innovation.
Technological advances and civil liberties can coexist.
Privacy, including the right to be free from unwarranted government surveillance, is guaranteed under the California Constitution. The people–not the government or corporations–should determine how and when others can access our personal information.
Right now, technological innovation has outpaced our privacy protections. As a result, our digital footprint can be tracked by government and corporations in ways that were just recently unimaginable. This includes our communications, whereabouts, online searches, purchases, and even our bodies. When the government has easy access to this information, we lose more than just privacy and control over our information. Free speech, security, and equality suffer as well.
We work to ensure that civil liberties are protected as technology advances. Americans shouldn’t have to choose between using new technologies and protecting their privacy rights. The ACLU is at the forefront of making sure that the Fourth Amendment’s ban on unreasonable searches extends to digital property, so that our data remains our own.
Privacy and Technology
Prevent Expansion of Facial Recognition Tech (Oppose AB 2261)
Face recognition is an inherently authoritarian technology that makes all of us less safe and less free. AB 2261 is opposed by the ACLU of California and a wide coalition of civil rights organizations because it would... Read More
More
Press Releases
ACLU of CA Opposes Bill Enabling Face Recognition Expansion
Media Contact:
Janine Shimomura
916-824-3266
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
May 4, 2020
Sacramento – Today, the ACLU of California joined with 55 civil rights organizations across the state to send a clear... Read More
Press Releases
California Legislature Caves to Big Tech Pressure Again and Undermines Consumer Privacy Rights
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
May 16, 2019
Media Contact: Daisy Vieyra
dvieyra@acluca.org; 916-824-3266
SACRAMENTO–Today, the California Senate Appropriations Committee refused to advance SB 561, a bill that would... Read More
More
Privacy and Technology
California Assembly Privacy Committee Kills Consumer Privacy Bill and Only Hears Tech-Sponsored Bills
SACRAMENTO–Today, the California Assembly Privacy Committee will hear only consumer privacy bills promoted by tech companies to weaken the Digital. This comes after AB 1760, a bill to strengthen privacy protections... Read More
Privacy and Technology
Privacy for All (AB 1760)
Advances in technology and drastic changes in business practices have outpaced the law. The lack of adequate privacy protections has undercut the privacy, safety, and financial security of Californians, with disparate... Read More
See older posts
Print page