http://www.cranberrycommons.ca/legal/
The purpose of this Website is to inform users about the Cranberry Commons strata, including information regarding home sales. The purpose of this page is to outline the terms of use and policies that apply to the Cranberry Commons website, found at
https://cranberrycommons.ca/ (“the Website”). This also applies to any associated email updates.
Terms of Use
This Website is designed for Canadian users. Cranberry Commons, the owner of this Website, is located in British Columbia and all of its activities take place in British Columbia, Canada. We believe that this Website, our communications, and how we manage users’ information are in compliance with British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act and with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation. If you are a resident or citizen of another country, please be aware that this Website may or may not comply with the laws of your jurisdiction. If you have concerns about this, please do not use this Website.
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of Website users and we will never sell, distribute, or share users’ information without their consent (except in the unlikely event that it is required by law). You have the right to have your personal information removed from our records. Please contact us to make this request. You can unsubscribe from email updates at any time. See the link at the bottom of each email.
Cookies
The Website uses cookies to store users’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, customize Website content based on users’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics. Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by the Website using their internet browser settings to deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time through the settings of their internet browser.
Third-party use of personal information
We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information. Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies.
The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Please refer to Google Analytics’ privacy policy for further information.
MailChimp – this service is used for the delivery of email notifications of home sales or home rental opportunities by owners in our strata. When you sign up for our email updates, you provide us with your name and email address. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.
Please refer to Mailchimp’s privacy policy for further information.
This page was last updated: August 20, 2020.
Footer Widget Header
Sign up and be
among the first to know when a home is being sold or rented by a member of our strata
(your privacy is respected).
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
FooterTerms of Use
Facebook