http://www.rullmans.com/privacy-policy
Push button for menu
Push button for menu
Home
Obituaries
About Us
About Us
Our Staff
In Memory of Thomas A. Beatley
Why Choose Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Services
Location
Pre-Plan
Pre-Arrangements
Pre-Arrangements Form
Have The Talk of a Lifetime
Veterans
Veterans Overview
Veterans Headstones
Veterans Burial Flags
Resources
Making Arrangements
Grief Support
Funeral Etiquette
When Death Occurs
Social Security Benefits
Frequent Questions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Last updated: September 16, 2020
Consolidated Funeral Services, Inc. ("CFS," "we," "us," "our") is committed to protecting
your personal information. This Privacy Notice describes the personal
information that we collect about you, how we use and disclose this
information, and the steps we take to protect this information. For purposes
of this Privacy Notice, "personal information" means any information that
relates to you as an individual and could reasonably be used to identify you.
This Privacy Notice applies to our collection and use of personal information
through this website and any related websites, applications, tools, or
platforms (the "Services"), as well as through any other means where a link or
reference to this Privacy Notice is provided at the time of collection.
Our Services
CFS's primary business is as a provider of software services,
including website, payment processing, and ecommerce services, to funeral homes
and other funeral service providers (our "Clients"). In connection with the
provision of these services, CFS collects and stores personal information
regarding individuals who visit and utilize certain functions or features of
our Clients' websites ("End Users"). This Privacy Notice applies to CFS's
collection and use of Client and End User personal information but not to our
Clients use of such personal information.
CFS also maintains an online presence, including an ecommerce
store offering certain funeral paraphernalia and related products, in
connection with which personal information may be collected from individuals
("CFS Store Users"). This Privacy Notice also applies to CFS's collection and
use of personal information from CFS Users and other individuals who interact
directly with CFS.
Personal Information We Collect
When you access or use the Services or otherwise interact with us, whether as a
Client, End User, CFS Store User or other individual, we may collect certain
categories of personal information about you from a variety of sources.
Categories of personal information that we may collect from you directly include:
Contact information (for example, name, phone number, mailing address, email address)
Payment-related details (for example, billing address and other credit card details)
Communications (for example, submitted questions or other posts and marketing preferences)
Recruitment data (for example, resumes and other details regarding an applicant's qualifications)
Categories of personal information that we may collect automatically when you use the Services include:
Technical information (for example, browser type, IP address, cookies, and operating system)
Usage information (for example, pages visited, search terms entered, and frequency of visits)
Categories of personal information that we may collect from other sources, including from our
Clients in connection with their use of the Services, include:
End User contact information (for example, name, phone number, mailing address, email address)
End User account information (for example, username and password and transaction history)
End User payment-related details (for example, billing address and other credit card details)
End User funeral contributions, including tribute video data, data entered in funeral register books, obituaries and posts and comments
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Provide and improve the Services.  We may use your personal information to provide and improve
the Services, including to fulfill your orders and requests, to post your
comments and other funeral contributions, and to provide grief support. We may
also use your personal information for the administration of our business and
website, for business development purposes, and to fulfill our contractual
obligations.
Risk mitigation and security.  We may use your personal information for risk mitigation
and security purposes, including to maintain the privacy and security of our
data, to conduct internal audits or investigations, to prevent spam or abusive
conduct, for data security testing and business continuity planning purposes,
and to ensure the safety and security of our Clients, staff and assets.
Communication and marketing.  We may use your personal information to communicate with you about the
Services, respond to your questions, or offer you additional products or services.
Comply with the law and exercise our rights.  We may use your personal information as
reasonably necessary to assess and ensure compliance with applicable laws,
legal requirements, and company policies; to protect our assets or to
investigate or defend against any claims of illegality or wrongdoing (including
to obtain legal advice or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights); and
in response to a court order or judicial or other government subpoena or
warrant.
Corporate transaction.  We may use your personal information in the event we undertake or are involved in
or contemplating any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy,
or insolvency event.
Recruitment and hiring.  We may use your personal information to evaluate your candidacy when you apply for a job with us.
We may also aggregate, anonymize, or otherwise de-identify your personal
information and use it for any purpose permitted by applicable law.
Use of Cookies
When you use the Services, we may send one or more cookies (which are small text
files containing a string of alphanumeric characters) to your computer or
mobile device, to help analyze our web page flow, customize our content,
measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. You are
always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so
may interfere with your ability to use the Services or certain features of the Services.
We may also use Google Analytics or a similar service that uses cookies to help
us analyze how users use the Services.
We also allow certain third parties such as advertising networks, analytics
providers, and widget providers to place cookies in order to collect
information about your online activities over time and across different
websites when you access or use the Services. Currently, various browsers
offer a "Do Not Track" option, but there is no standard for how "Do Not Track"
should work on commercial websites. Due to the lack of such standards, this
website does not respond to "Do Not Track" consumer browser settings.
How and When We Disclose Your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of
recipients, to be used only for legitimate purposes in keeping with this
Privacy Notice:
Group companies and affiliates.  We may disclose, share, or transfer your information to
any business entity that is part of our corporate family.
Clients.  We may share your
information with our Clients in connection with our Clients provision of
services to you.
Service providers and professional advisors.  We may disclose your information to third
party vendors who provide services in support of our business operations, such
as website development and hosting, payment processing, marketing management, service
optimization, vendors that fulfill orders for funeral-related items such as
flowers, and data analytics. We may also disclose your personal information to
our professional advisors such as our attorneys, accountants, and insurance providers.
Parties involved in a corporate transaction.  We may disclose your information to relevant
third parties in the event of a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset
sale, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy.
Law enforcement or other governmental entities.  We may disclose your information if
required to do so by law or if we believe in good faith that such action is
necessary to comply with the law, prevent unlawful activity, defend our rights,
or maintain security.
Other third parties with your consent.  We may disclose your information to any
other third party where you have provided consent to such disclosure.
Security, Retention & Transfer of Personal Information
We have implemented and maintain commercially reasonable and appropriate technical
and organizational measures designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity,
and security of your personal information. Please note, however, that no
security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We therefore cannot guaranty
and do not warrant the absolute security of your personal information. We
retain your personal information for no longer than reasonably necessary to
fulfill the purposes for which we collected it or to comply with the law,
prevent fraud, facilitate an investigation, defend against legal claims, or
exercise our legal rights.
Your Choices & Rights
You may decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be
able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Services.
If you have registered for an account in connection with the Services, you may
update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time
by accessing your account preferences page through the Services. If you do not
wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can opt-out by using the
unsubscribe process provided or described in any such communication, but you
may still receive transactional or administrative communications from us. Although
your changes are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all
information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving,
prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics.
Depending on your location and subject to local law, you may have certain rights with
respect to your personal information.
To make a request related to your personal information or otherwise exercise any rights
you may have under applicable law, you may contact us using the contact
information provided below. In order to fulfill your request, we may require
additional information from you. We will respond to requests, as applicable,
within the relevant time periods established by applicable law. We are
committed to finding a fair and reasonable resolution to any request, concern,
or complaint you bring to our attention. However, if you are unsatisfied with
our response to your request, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with
applicable governmental authorities, subject to local law.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from persons under 13 years of
age ("children"), and no part of the Services is directed to children. If you
are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Services at any
time or in any manner. If we learn that information has been collected through
the Services from children and without verifiable parental consent, then we
will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a
parent or guardian and discover that your child has provided us with personal
information without your consent, please contact us using the contact
information below to request that we delete the information from our systems.
California Residents
Supplemental to the above, the following additional information pertains to California
residents only:
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Categories of personal information collected about California residents in the past twelve
months include identifiers, other identifying information, characteristics of
protected class, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network
activity information, professional or employment-related information, and education
information. For examples of specific pieces of personal information
collected, please see the "Personal Information We Collect" section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose about California
residents in the past twelve months include identifiers, other identifying
information, characteristics of protected class, commercial information,
Internet or other electronic network activity information, professional or
employment-related information, and education information.
We do not sell personal information, nor do we share personal information with
third parties for those third parties' own direct marketing purposes.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the following rights with respect to your
personal information:
You have the right to request to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold.
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information at any time.  Note that we do not currently sell personal information.
Finally, you have the right to not be discriminated against as a result of exercising
your privacy rights. Accordingly, unless permitted by law, we will not deny
you goods or services, charge you different prices or rates for goods or
services, provide you a different level or quality of good or services, or
suggest you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a
different level or quality of goods or services.
To exercise your rights, you may contact us using the contact information provided
below or call 1-888-881-6131. In order to fulfill your request, we may require
additional personal information for purposes of verifying your identity. If
you make a request through an authorized agent, we may require additional
information to verify your authorization of the agent.
Changes to Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at any time, without
notice. We will notify you about changes that significantly impact our use of
your personal information by placing a prominent notice on this website or by
sending you an email. Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of
any changes to this Privacy Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, disputes
arising hereunder will be resolved in accordance with the Privacy Notice in
effect at the time the dispute arose.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Notice
or our use of your personal information by e-mail at info@runcfs.com or by mail at:
Consolidated Funeral Services, Inc.
220 Reservoir St., Suite 15
Needham, MA 02494
local_florist
Rullman Hunger Funeral Home |
219 Mechanic St, |
Aurora,
IN
47001 |
Tel:
1-812-926-1450
| Fax:
|
Rullman Hunger Funeral Home |
219 Mechanic St, |
Aurora,
IN
47001 |
Tel:
1-812-926-1450
| Fax:
|
Home
Home
Obituaries
All Obituaries
About Us
About Us
Our Staff
In Memory of Thomas A. Beatley
Why Choose Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Services
Services
Location
Directions
Pre-Plan
Pre-Arrangements
Pre-Arrangements Form
Have The Talk of a Lifetime
Veterans
Veterans Overview
Veterans Headstones
Veterans Burial Flags
Resources
Making Arrangements
Grief Support
Funeral Etiquette
When Death Occurs
Social Security Benefits
Frequent Questions
A year of daily grief supportOur support in your time of need does not end after the funeral services.  Enter your email below to receive a grief support message from us each day for a year.  You can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2020 Rullman Hunger Funeral Home.
All Rights Reserved.
Funeral Home website by CFS & TA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy