http://www.youngnats.org.nz/privacy
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: January 2017
This website is operated by the New Zealand National Party (the "NZNP", “National”, “National Party” "we" or "us"). This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by the New Zealand National Party as an “Agency” under the Privacy Act 1993 with respect to your use of our websites/digital platforms (the "sites") which are operated by us and which display this Policy so you can make an informed decision about using the sites.
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time to ensure we fully comply with all of our statutory legal requirements. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated.
We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies a living human being (such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, e-mail address, or credit card number) and information about that individual or his or her activities that is directly linked to personally identifiable information.
Personal information does not include "statistical" information, which is data we collect about the use of the sites or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of statistical information.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Active Collection: In the course of carrying out our regular duties as a Political Party, personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our sites. We collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you create an account or a profile, make a donation, make a purchase, send us an email or sign up to receive email or text message updates, fill out a form, connect through a social media feed, sign up to be a volunteer or host an event, or request information.
Such information may include personal information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, and credit card information (Note: credit card details are not stored by our systems). Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection with creating a profile or group, leaving comments, posting blog comments or other content, sending an email or message to another user, or participating in any interactive forums or features on the sites. In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, and other activities on the sites.
In accordance with the National Party Rules and Constitution your membership fee is $5.00.  Any additional payment is treated as a donation in accordance with the Electoral Act.  Any New Zealand citizen or legally registered New Zealand entity can donate a total of $15,000 each calendar year to the National Party or our related entities without having their details publicly disclosed. However, National is required to maintain accurate donor details including your name and address. These details are kept confidentially by National and used exclusively to meet the requirements of the Electoral Act.  You can donate over $15,000 each calendar year but in doing so you will be subject to Electoral Act disclosure rules. If you have any questions about these requirements, please contact our Party Secretary or Chief Financial Officer at hq@national.org.nz.
Your donation is not tax deductible.
Passive Collection: When you use the sites, we may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive at the request of a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our sites and your experience. Use of cookies is optional, and you can use the website with cookies turned off.
HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We use personal information collected through our sites for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the sites. For example, we may use personal information we collect:
to provide the services, products, or information you request, and to process and complete such requests and any related transactions;
to send you confirmations, updates, alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the sites;
to send you newsletters and otherwise provide you with information or services you request or that we think will be of interest to you, such as sending you information to keep you informed about various policies, campaigns, candidates, issues, events, resources, and services;
to help connect you with other supporters, and to solicit volunteers, members, donations and support for the National Party and for candidates;
to contact you if other information is necessary under the Electoral Act;
to request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of the sites;
to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, and requests and to provide customer service;
to monitor and analyse site usage and trends, and to personalise and improve the site and our users' experiences on the sites, content, or features that match your profiles or interests, and to increase the site's functionality and user friendliness;
for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By providing your personal information voluntarily you agree to receive updates from the New Zealand National Party, its related entities, and its elected representatives.  You can opt out of regular updates from us by either unsubscribing on the content you receive digitally or contacting the National Party Service Centre on 0800 255 266 to place a contact block on your information.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE DISCLOSE TO THIRD PARTIES?
It is our policy not to share or disclose the personal information we collect from you through our sites with third parties, except as described in this Policy or as otherwise disclosed on the sites. National Party staff are also personally bound by strict confidentiality agreements not to disclose any information obtained or accessed during and after their time of employment with the New Zealand National Party.
However, for example, we may share personal information as follows:
with vendors, consultants, and other service providers or volunteers who are engaged by or working with us and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us;
with candidates, or associated National Party organisations/committees/groups/entities for the purpose of conducting the business of the National Party;
to report required information under the Electoral Act;
when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the sites, that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorised or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests, claims or legal authorities;
when we believe in good faith that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to respond to claims or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the New Zealand National Party, our users, our employees, our volunteers, copyright owners, third parties or the public, including without limitation to protect such parties from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful activity or use of our Site;
to enforce or apply this Policy, our Terms of Use, or our other policies or agreements.
We are not responsible for the actions of any service providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such parties.
Interactive Features:
You understand that when you use the sites, information you post in your profile, blogs, forums and other interactive areas of the sites, as well as any information you share with individuals through the sites or share through social network sites, will be available to other users and, in some cases, may be publicly available. We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private online forums. We are not responsible for the actions of any third parties with whom you share personal information. In some cases, there may be privacy setting available regarding the information available to others, and we suggest you take time to familiarise yourself with these options and utilise these settings.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our sites may contain links to other websites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to from our sites. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.
WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION ONLINE?
We endeavour to take all reasonable measures in our power to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, destruction, and other misuse. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be fully guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our websites by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused by emailing hq@national.org.nz or by calling 0800 255 266.
WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION?
You may "opt out" of receiving text messages, email updates and newsletters by following the instructions in those text messages and emails. Please note that we may still send you other types of emails, such as emails about your use of our sites, or use information as otherwise described in this Policy, even if you opt out of receiving email updates and newsletters. Changes to information in your account does not affect information provided to others as set forth in this policy, including in connection with donations.
Under Principle Six of the Privacy Act, where information we possess is readily available, you as an individual have the right to:
a)    obtain confirmation whether or not we hold information concerning you; and
b)    have access to that information.
Where, in accordance with the provisions above, you are given access to personal information held about you, you are entitled to request a correction of that information.
QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about our Policy, please contact us at hq@national.org.nz
Do you like this page?
Tweet