https://www.cgiar.org/legal/
Home
Legal Information
Terms of Use – CGIAR.org
(effective as of 22 May 2018)
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the CGIAR.org website (“Site”) which is managed and administered by the CGIAR System Organization (“System Organization”).
By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, please promptly exit the Site. In addition, specific terms of use may be indicated in connection with certain Materials (as defined below), in which case your access to such Materials shall be governed by these Terms, subject to such specific terms of use.
The System Organization reserves the right to modify these Terms in its discretion at any time, such modifications being effective when posted.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Use of Materials
Privacy and Data Protection
General Terms
Use of Materials
1. Materials Accessible through the Site
Throughout the Site, you may access materials including but not limited to images, information, documents, audio recordings, videos, and services (“Materials”) either (i) developed and made available by the System Organization (“System Organization Materials“), (ii) made available by contributors through a blog or other service of the Site (“Contributed Materials”), or (iii) belonging to or originating from third parties (such as CGIAR Centers or CGIAR Research) and aggregated on the Site and/or made accessible through links to third party websites (“Third Party Materials”).
2. Permitted Use of System Organization Materials
The System Organization aims to create international public goods. For this purpose, the System Organization Materials are made widely available. You may download, copy, reproduce, republish, modify, post, broadcast, transmit, distribute, make available to the public, or otherwise use System Organization Materials in any way, provided that (i) you attribute the work and any identified source, (ii) your use is for non-commercial, research, educational, or personal purposes, and (iii) you, in turn, license such Materials under the same conditions. Should you wish to deviate from these conditions, please contact the CGIAR System Organization to seek prior authorization.
3. Third Party Materials
Your use of Third Party Materials is solely governed by the terms of use contained in the third party websites from which such Third Party Materials originate. Third Party Materials are outside the domain, control, and responsibility of the System Organization which provides access to them as a convenience only. Unless explicitly stated, System Organization does not sponsor or endorse the Third Party Materials.
4. Contributed Materials
By posting Contributed Materials, contributors agree to grant the System Organization, its successors and assigns, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and transferable license to use, copy, modify, perform, publish, and disseminate the Contributed Materials on the Site and in derivative works. Further, contributors warrant that the exercise of such rights does not infringe any third party rights, including copyright. If the foregoing is false, the contributor will defend, indemnify, and hold the System Organization harmless from any resulting claims, damages or costs (including reasonable attorney fees).
Privacy and Data Protection
The System Organization, as the administrator of the Site, collects, stores, and uses certain types of information about the users of the Site.
1. What Information does the System Organization collect?
Personal information
You can access and use the Site without providing any personal information. If you provide personal data through one of the forms available on the Site you may be asked for information that helps to identify you, such as your name, email address, phone number, or organization.
Non-personally identifiable information
We track and analyze information about how Site visitors use the Site by using cookies and collecting IP address information. This information helps us learn about the geographical distribution of our Site visitors and the technology they use to access the Site.
Only summaries of visitors’ behavior are produced. We use Google Analytics to generate anonymous usage information. The information collected cannot be traced back to a particular individual and is never connected with any personal information you supply to us. Examples of this type of information include statistics on most popular and least popular pages. Full Google Analytics terms of service are available here.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and may be required to re-enter information more frequently to use certain services on the Site.
2. How do we use the information we collect?
Personal information collected is used internally by the System Organization to process your communication with us and is not shared with third parties.
Non-personal information is used to generate usage statistics for CGIAR.org so that the System Organization can better understand the preferences of the Site’s visitors and improve the Site.
3. How and to whom is this information shared?
Personal data is only shared internally in order to process communications.
We share non-personal information within the System Organization and with companies and/or consultants involved in our communications activities. Non-personal information may also be shared by Google with its partners.
4. How is this information stored?
Personal information is stored in our online content management system and Microsoft Office 365 platforms.
Non-personal information is stored on Google servers in accordance with their security and data protection policies and procedures.
5. How do we safeguard this information?
Personal information is safeguarded in our content management system by the Let’s Encrypt Authority X3 certificate. The information stored in email inboxes is protected by Microsoft Office 365 encryption.
Non-personal information is safeguarded by Google according to their privacy and terms of service agreements.
6. How long do we retain this information?
Personal information is retained for the length of time it is needed for use and then according to the applicable System Organization records disposition schedule.
Non-personal information is maintained indefinitely in aggregate form.
7. How can individuals who provide this information manage their personal information or request that their personal information be deleted?
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy and Data Protection practices, please contact us or email contact@cgiar.org.
8. How can individuals contact CGIAR if they have questions?
Through our contact form on the contact page, or by emailing contact@cgiar.org.
9. Application to Third-Party Sites
The Site may feature aggregated content from third party websites (including websites of CGIAR Centers and CGIAR Research) and/or include links to such websites. This Terms of Use does not apply to such aggregated content or to such third party websites, which are governed by their own Terms of Use.
General Terms
1. Prohibited Use
You agree not to use this Site, including the Materials, for any unlawful purpose or in any way that would violate the rights of others, including intellectual property rights. You agree not use the System Organization logo without our prior written authorization.
2. Disclaimer/ Limitation of Liability
The Site is provided by the System Organization “as is”. The System Organization makes every effort to ensure, but makes no warranties, either express or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose of any of the Materials. In no event shall the System Organization be liable for any loss or damages of any nature, including special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages, arising in connection with the access, use, or reliance on any of the Materials.
3. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold the System Organization, its employees, officers, trustees and affiliates, harmless from any claims, losses, or damages, including legal fees, resulting from your violation of these Terms or your use of the Site, including any of the Materials, and to fully cooperate in the System Organization’s defense against any such claims.
4. Law
These Terms are governed by, and construed in accordance with, recognized principles of international law, to the exclusion of any single national system of law. You and the System Organization will use their best efforts to resolve any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Site by negotiation.
In the case an amicable settlement is not reached within sixty (60) days of such dispute, controversy or claim having been notified by one party to the other in writing, the dispute, controversy or claim will be settled by arbitration in accordance with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules in effect on the date of this contract. There will be one arbitrator appointed by the parties by mutual consent, or failing this, by the Secretary-General of the Permanent Court of Arbitration. The place of arbitration will be Paris, France and the language to be used in the arbitration proceedings will be English.
5. No waiver
Either party’s failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of any of the Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Nothing herein shall be deemed a waiver of any of the privileges and immunities of the System Organization.
This website uses cookies in order to improve the use experience and provide additional functionality
Detail
Accept