http://www.cac-kent.org/privacy-policy/
Español
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by or on behalf of Children’s Assessment Center. By visiting www.cac-kent.org, you accept the practices described in this statement. This Privacy Statement may be changed or updated at any time.
OUR POLICIES
Children’s Assessment Center uses its best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors and donors. We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent. This includes name, address, financial information, and email address.
DATA COLLECTION
Personal Information We collect individually identifiable information about you when you choose to share information about yourself, for example, when you make a donation, request information, or sign up to be a volunteer. This information may include, but is not limited to, your postal or e-mail address and your telephone number. If you provide personal information, we may enter that information into our constituent database and contact you in order to:
Complete voluntary surveys seeking feedback for quality and service improvement purposes.
Supply you with information, including Children’s Assessment Center news, events, and services
Request voluntary time or monetary contributions to Children’s Assessment Center and receipt such contributions.
Online contributions are processed through Network for Good, which is an external site governed by its own privacy policy.
At Children’s Assessment Center, data is stored on password-protected servers, which are accessible only by our fund-development staff. Our staff is educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and must sign a confidentiality statement. However, such precautions do not guarantee that our website is invulnerable to all security breaks. Children’s Assessment Center makes no warranty, guarantee, or representation that the use of our website is protected from viruses, security threats, or other vulnerabilities and that your information will always be secure.
Standard web server traffic pattern information
General traffic and site usage information is collected. This type of information is used to help Children’s Assessment Center improve the functionality of our website, and such information is not linked to individual visitors.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Our Privacy Statement applies only to your use of the Children’s Assessment Center website. This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the material or policies of those websites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information they may be collecting from you.
CONTACT US
This Privacy Statement applies only to our online practices and does not encompass other areas of the organization. By accessing or using the website, you agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of the Children’s Assessment Center Privacy Statement as posted at the time of your access or use. If you have any questions about our policies or compliance, you may send an email to rmcdowell@cac-kent.org or write to:
Children’s Assessment Center
2855 Michigan St NE
Grand Rapids, MI 49503
616.336.5160
Thank you for visiting our site.
August 2014
Home
Contact Us
Donate
Our Story
Staff
Board
Our Services
COVID-19 Update
Forensic Interviews
Therapy & PSB
Family Advocacy
Case Management
Kids Have Rights
Get Involved
Amway River Bank Run
Volunteer
Employment & Internships
Tour the Center
Client Wish Lists
Yellow Dress Care Closet
ONEinTEN Corporate Partnership
Resources
Make A Report
Mandated Reporting
For Caregivers
Right Time for Story Time
For Partners
Professional & Community Training
Community Education
Blog
Documents & Reports
Children’s Advocacy Center2855 Michigan St NEGrand Rapids, MI 49506616.336.5160© 2020 Copyright - Children's Advocacy Center of Kent County - Privacy PolicyChildren’s Advocacy Center2855 Michigan St NEGrand Rapids, MI 49506616.336.5160© 2020 Copyright - Children's Advocacy Center of Kent County - Privacy Policy [nolink]PreviousNext
Scroll to top