https://www.americanfirearms.org/terms-service/
Terms of Service - American Firearms
Skip to content
Firearms
All Handgun Reviews
All Rifle Reviews
Best AR-10 Rifles
Best AR-15 Rifles
Best .22 LR Pistols
Best 9MM Pistols
Best Concealed Carry Guns
Best Subcompact Pistols
Best Tactical Shotguns
Handguns for Beginners
Pump Shotguns For Any Budget
View All Firearm Reviews
Gear
Brass Catchers
Best Gun Cases
Best Range Bags
Best Plate Carriers
All Tactical Gear Reviews
All Range Gear Reviews
All Gunsmithing Reviews
All Gear Reviews
Gun & Ammo Safes
Ammo Safes
Bedside Gun Safes
Best Hidden Gun Storage
Best Gun Safes Under $500
Best Trigger Locks
Gun Safe Guide [All Styles & Prices]
Holsters & CCW
Car Holsters
Best Belly Band Holsters
Concealed Carry Belts
Concealed Carry Jackets
Concealed Carry Pants
Concealed Carry Vests
Holsters for Running
View All Holster Reviews
Scopes & Optics
Best First Focal Plane (FFP) Scopes
Best Holographic Sights
Best Long Range Scopes
Best Night Vision Scopes
Best Rangefinder Binoculars
Best Rifle Scopes
Best Rimfire Scopes
Best Pistol Red Dot Sights
Budget Rifle Scopes
Guides
Best Places to Buy Guns Online
Best Places to Buy Ammo Online
Guide to Bullet Sizes, Types, & Calibers
Gun Safe Buyers Guide
Scope & Optics Buyers Guide
Best Gun Books
Menu
Firearms
All Handgun Reviews
All Rifle Reviews
Best AR-10 Rifles
Best AR-15 Rifles
Best .22 LR Pistols
Best 9MM Pistols
Best Concealed Carry Guns
Best Subcompact Pistols
Best Tactical Shotguns
Handguns for Beginners
Pump Shotguns For Any Budget
View All Firearm Reviews
Gear
Brass Catchers
Best Gun Cases
Best Range Bags
Best Plate Carriers
All Tactical Gear Reviews
All Range Gear Reviews
All Gunsmithing Reviews
All Gear Reviews
Gun & Ammo Safes
Ammo Safes
Bedside Gun Safes
Best Hidden Gun Storage
Best Gun Safes Under $500
Best Trigger Locks
Gun Safe Guide [All Styles & Prices]
Holsters & CCW
Car Holsters
Best Belly Band Holsters
Concealed Carry Belts
Concealed Carry Jackets
Concealed Carry Pants
Concealed Carry Vests
Holsters for Running
View All Holster Reviews
Scopes & Optics
Best First Focal Plane (FFP) Scopes
Best Holographic Sights
Best Long Range Scopes
Best Night Vision Scopes
Best Rangefinder Binoculars
Best Rifle Scopes
Best Rimfire Scopes
Best Pistol Red Dot Sights
Budget Rifle Scopes
Guides
Best Places to Buy Guns Online
Best Places to Buy Ammo Online
Guide to Bullet Sizes, Types, & Calibers
Gun Safe Buyers Guide
Scope & Optics Buyers Guide
Best Gun Books
Search
Terms of Service
Contents:
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service:
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the americanfirearms.org website and all
content,
services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned
and operated by American Firearms Institute ("AFI"). The Website is
offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and
all other operating rules, policies (including, without
limitation, AFI's Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be
published from time to time on this Site by AFI (collectively, the "Agreement").
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the
web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all
the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these
terms and conditions are considered an offer by AFI, acceptance is expressly limited to
these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years
old.
Your americanfirearms.org Account and Site. If you create a blog/site on the
Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully
responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with
the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner,
including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and AFI
may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise
likely to cause AFI liability. You must immediately
notify AFI of any unauthorized uses of your blog, your account or any other breaches
of security. AFI will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any
damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Responsibility of Contributors. If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to
the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material
available by means of the Website (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for
the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the
Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content
available, you represent and warrant that:
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including
but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received
permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to
any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all
things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful
or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not
contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or
boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as
phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or
entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on
newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
your blog is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another
person or company. For example, your blog's URL or name is not the name of a person other than
yourself or company other than your own; and
you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or
described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by
AFI or otherwise.
By submitting Content to AFI for inclusion on your Website, you
grant AFI a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce,
modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting
your blog. If you delete Content, AFI will use reasonable efforts to remove it
from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made
immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, AFI has the right
(though not the obligation) to, in AFI's sole discretion (i) refuse or
remove any content that, in AFI's reasonable opinion, violates
any AFI policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or
deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason,
in AFI's sole discretion. AFI will have no
obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
Payment and Renewal.
General Terms.
By selecting a product or service, you agree to pay AFI the one-time and/or
monthly or
annual subscription fees indicated (additional payment terms may be included in other
communications). Subscription payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for
an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as
indicated. Payments are not refundable.
Automatic Renewal.
Unless you notify AFI before the end of the applicable subscription period
that you want
to cancel a subscription, your subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect
the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such subscription (as well as any taxes)
using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Upgrades can be canceled
at any time by submitting your request to AFI in writing.
Services.
Fees; Payment. By signing up for a Services account you agree to
pay AFI
the applicable setup fees and recurring fees. Applicable fees will be invoiced starting from the day
your services are established and in advance of using such services. AFI
reserves the
right to change the payment terms and fees
upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to you. Services can be canceled by you at anytime on
thirty (30) days written notice
to AFI.
Support. If your service includes access to priority email support. "Email
support" means the ability to make requests for technical support assistance by email at any
time (with reasonable efforts by AFI to respond within
one business day) concerning the use of the VIP Services.
"Priority"
means that support takes priority over support for users of the standard or
free americanfirearms.org
services. All support will be provided in accordance
with AFI standard services practices,
procedures and policies.
Responsibility of Website Visitors. AFI has not reviewed, and
cannot review, all
of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for
that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Website, AFI does not
represent or imply
that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or
non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer
systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may
contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing
technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that
violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary
rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and
conditions, stated or unstated. AFI disclaims any responsibility for any harm
resulting from the
use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the
material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which
americanfirearms.org links, and that link to americanfirearms.org.
AFI does not have any control over those non-AFI websites
and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a
non-AFI website or webpage, AFI does not represent or imply
that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect
yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive
content. AFI disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of
non-AFI websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As AFI asks others to
respect its
intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that
material located on or linked to by americanfirearms.org violates your copyright, you are
encouraged to notify AFI in accordance with AFI's Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Policy.
AFI will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by
removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing
material. AFI will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under
appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other
intellectual property rights of AFI or others. In the case of such
termination, AFI will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts
previously paid to AFI.
Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from AFI
to you any AFI or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and
interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely
with AFI. AFI, americanfirearms.org,
the americanfirearms.org logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used
in connection with americanfirearms.org, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks
of AFI or AFI's licensors. Other trademarks, service
marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties.
Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use
any AFI or third-party trademarks.
Advertisements. AFI reserves the right to display advertisements
on your blog unless you have purchased an ad-free account.
Attribution. AFI reserves the right to display attribution links
such as 'Blog at americanfirearms.org,' theme author, and font attribution in your blog footer
or toolbar.
Partner Products. By activating a partner product (e.g. theme) from one of our partners,
you agree to that partner's terms of service. You can opt out of their terms of service at any time by
de-activating the partner product.
Domain Names. If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously
registered domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the
policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), including their Registration
Rights and Responsibilities.
Changes. AFI reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify
or replace any
part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your
continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes
acceptance of those changes. AFI may also, in the future, offer new services and/or
features
through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination. AFI may terminate your access to all or any part of
the Website at
any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate
this Agreement or your americanfirearms.org account (if you have one), you may simply
discontinue
using the
Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a paid services account, such account can only be
terminated by AFI if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such
breach within
thirty (30) days
from AFI's notice to you thereof;
provided that, AFI can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut
down of our
service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive
termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and
limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided "as is".
AFI and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind,
express or
implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose
and non-infringement. Neither AFI nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any
warranty that the
Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that
you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and
risk.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will AFI,
or its suppliers
or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence,
strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential
damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or
loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you
to AFI under this agreement during
the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of
action. AFI shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond
their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the
Website will be in strict accordance with
the AFI Privacy Policy, with this Agreement
and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in
your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and
including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States
or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the
intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless AFI, its
contractors,
and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and
all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but
not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between AFI and
you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an
authorized executive of AFI, or by the posting by AFI of a
revised version. Except to
the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website
will be governed by the laws of the Florida, excluding its conflict of law provisions,
and the proper
venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts
located in Broward County. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or
claims regarding
intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond),
any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive
Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. ("JAMS") by three
arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in
Ft. Lauderdale, FL, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be
enforced
in any court.
The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and
attorneys' fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed
to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A
waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one
instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights
under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions;
AFI may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement
will be binding
upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Back to top
Privacy Policy:
American Firearms Institute ("AFI")
operates americanfirearms.org and may operate other websites. It
is AFI's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, AFI collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. AFI's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how AFI's visitors use its website. From time to
time, AFI may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
AFI also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on americanfirearms.org
blogs/sites. AFI only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to AFI's websites choose to interact
with AFI in ways that require AFI to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that AFI gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at americanfirearms.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with AFI are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, AFI collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
AFI. AFI does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
AFI may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. AFI may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, AFI does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
AFI discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on AFI's behalf or to provide services available
at AFI's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using AFI's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. AFI will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, AFI discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when AFI believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of AFI, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an AFI website and have supplied your email address, AFI
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with AFI and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. AFI takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. AFI uses cookies to
help AFI identify and track visitors, their usage of AFI
website, and their website access preferences. AFI visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using AFI's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of AFI's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If AFI, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that AFI goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of AFI may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by AFI and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, AFI may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in AFI's sole
discretion. AFI encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a americanfirearms.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Back to top
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Join the crew
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Reviews for Firearms FansAmerican Firearms is reader supported. We may earn a small part of the sale from links to any products or services on this site. You do not pay anything extra and your purchase helps support our work.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Menu
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Disclosure
Firearm History
Firearms Glossary
Firearms Statistics
Menu
Disclosure
Firearm History
Firearms Glossary
Firearms Statistics
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled