http://www.sorrentino.net/site/privacy.phtml
What's In A Name?
Other Sorrentinos
La Famiglia
Events
News
Site
About
Administration
Announcements
Archives
Links
Privacy Policy
Search
SSL
Terms of Service
Sorrentino dot Net's Privacy Policy
Information We Collect.
When you visit Sorrentino dot Net, our server collects certain data regarding
your visit.
Items such as your computer's IP address, browser identification
and referring URL are automatically logged when you access our web server.
This information is public and transmitted by you when you view any web site,
including ours.
During the registration process, users are required to supply their name and
a valid, working email address.
Registered users are additionally given
session cookies to be stored within their browser and retrieved at the
server's request for identification purposes.
These cookies are marked as
"secure" and will only be accepted via an SSL-encrypted session with our
server to protect your account security.
Any other information supplied in
the context of extended account information, forum postings or other
submissions are completely voluntary.
How Your Information is Used.
Information contained within our server logs (IP addresses, referring URLs,
browser types, access history) is used internally for statistics generation and
not correlated to individual user accounts.
We may also use this information
on occasion in response to allegations of abuse or intentional misuse.
Email
addresses supplied during user registration help our automated registration
system validate registration requests and help prevent the use of automated
agents ("bots") to acquire accounts en masse.
Passwords or other
authentication information are used to identify you to our server for access
to interactive features.
How Your Information is Protected.
Your privacy is important to us. To safeguard your privacy, we employ both
digital and physical access control to restrict and authorize access to stored
data. We will not disclose, sell or otherwise make available the information
we keep to a third party, unless required by law.
How to Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns not covered by this document, feel
free to contact us via email to
privacy@sorrentino.net.
We support open web standards.
This page contains both
Valid XHTML 1.0 and
Valid CSS.
Unless otherwise noted, all content © 1998 - 2004 Scott Sorrentino