http://www.phelpsdunbar.com/phelps-selected-by-benchmark-litigation-top-category-in-louisiana-11-21-2018
Phelps Selected by Benchmark Litigation ­– Top Category in Louisiana
November 21, 2018
PDF
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Benchmark Litigation has listed Phelps Dunbar as a “Highly Recommended Firm” in the Louisiana Local Litigation Firm category.
It was noted that, “Phelps Dunbar maintains a vibrant presence in the Southeast…With more than 270 attorneys internationally its abilities cover antitrust, appellate, bankruptcy and creditors’ rights, commercial litigation, environmental, law gaming, health care, intellectual property, labor and employment, product liability, professional liability, real estate, tax, toxic torts, and white collar criminal defense.”
In addition to this practice recognition, Benchmark has recognized the following Partners as Louisiana State “Litigation Stars”:
Nan Alessandra was recognized for her work involving labor and employment matters.
Dennis Blunt was selected by the guide for his involvement in “high-profile cases” throughout his career and for his work in general commercial litigation.
Kim Boyle’s effective cross blend of commercial and labor and employment litigation as well as her positive relationships with judges on the state court level were recognized.
Stephen Hall, noted specifically for his toxic tort cases, was recognized for his environmental and insurance litigation practice.
Michael Hunt, Firm Managing Partner, “appears on behalf of both plaintiffs and defendants in complex litigation disputes” and was selected for his work in general commercial and insurance litigation especially with cases involving design and construction.
Harry Rosenberg, “would be on any shortlist” and was acknowledged for his work with the City of New Orleans as well as his white-collar crime and general commercial litigation practice.
Benchmark Litigation previously honored Kim Boyle by naming her to the list of its “Top 250 Women in Litigation” for 2018.
Benchmark Litigation focuses exclusively on the litigation market and gathers its information from a six-month period, where researchers conduct extensive interviews with litigators and clients, identifying the leading firms and litigators, examining recent casework and peer opinions.