https://www.centralaz.com/privacy-policy/
Error
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to our website, centralaz.com, and the mobile application for Central Christian Church of Arizona. For purposes of this policy, we will refer to this website or mobile application as the “website” or the “app;” you as “you” or “user;” and Central Christian as “CCC,” “we,” or “us.” This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal and non-personal information we collect on the website from your interactions with CCC, how we use such information and with whom, and under what circumstances it may be disclosed. By using the website, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information (defined below) as described in this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you: register for an account on our website, fill out a Connection Card, give to the church, register for an event, sign up for the newsletter, volunteer, request information, or any time you enter information into our website.
Personal Information
Personal identifiable information we collect may include: your name, age, email address, phone number, home address, date of birth, grade, gender, and marital status. Personal photos may also be uploaded to your account.
Credentials
We collect passwords and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data
We collect data necessary to process your payment if you donate online or pay for an event, such as credit card number and security code, or bank account number for ACH transactions. We do NOT, however, store full credit card or bank account info in our systems.
Non-Personal Information
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate our website or app. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information), but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our website or app, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our website, and for internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Cookies
We may use cookies to collect the non-personal information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on your browser cache or mobile device for record-keeping purposes. You may change your web browser’s settings to adjust your cookie preferences. Please be aware, if you reject or block all cookies, you may be unable to use certain features of the website or take advantage of all our offerings.
How We Use Your Information
To fulfill your requests for products and services
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your CCC profile
To provide information about our products and services
To send emails regarding your account, donation, registration, etc.
To send periodic email newsletters, text messages, or push notifications, which you’ve opted to receive
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested
To improve our website in order to better serve you
To analyze data, identify usage trends, and to evaluate and improve our website and app experience
To facilitate participation during in-service interactions
To develop content ideas for future messages, small group resources, social media, podcasts, etc.
For any other purpose with your consent
Your Profile and Information You Provide to Us
We collect personal data from you when you provide it both offline and online. To create a profile, we require your first and last name, your email address, and a password to authenticate your identity when you login to access your profile. Beyond the personal information needed to create a profile, you have choices regarding any additional information you wish to provide, which may include the personal information stated above, the names of your family members, gender, etc., all of which will be stored in association with your profile.
If you have a profile with CCC, the information you provide will be associated with your profile and is stored internally in our relationship management system or “CRM system.” We will use this information to authenticate you and allow you access to your specific profile.
Disclosure of Information
We may transfer, or otherwise disclose, personal information and non-personal information collected from and about you to the following entities for the following purposes: (1) to our employees, independent contractors, service providers, and suppliers, if the disclosure will enable any of these entities to perform a business, professional, fulfillment, marketing, information technology, or technical support function for us; (2) to our employees, independent contractors, service providers and suppliers, to fulfill a product or service request; (3) where required by law.
Third Party Links
Our website and app may contain links to or from other third-party websites. Please be aware, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through our website and services. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites and services to which you link, access through our website, or otherwise visit.
Children’s Privacy
CCC is committed to protecting the privacy and safety of children. We are committed to complying with the guidelines set forth by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. The website is not directed to children under the age of 13. If you are the parent or guardian of a child age 13 or under who has provided us with personal information, and you would like that information removed, please contact us at privacy@centralaz.org.
WiFi and GPS
Some of our pages use GPS information to identify when you are near one of our physical locations. You will be given the opportunity to provide consent for us to use this information when you first download, or begin to use, our app. If you provide consent, we use that information to enable push notifications related to interactions with our CCC app and physical locations. You also have the ability to manually initiate a GPS location search to identify if you are at one of our physical locations. When using our app, you may provide us with your GPS location through your browser, zip code, or city, which will be processed by a third-party search engine. We do not store this information outside of your device. Once your particular session of use of the feature ends, we will cease to have access to your GPS location unless you use the feature again. After your first use of this functionality, and your consent for us to use your GPS location, we will assume we have that consent going forward unless you revoke it through the settings of your mobile device.
We also collect and use the wireless (or “WiFi”) permissions of your mobile device to determine if you are connected to one of our WiFi networks.
Data Security
We have implemented measures to help secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored either on our secure servers behind firewalls, or on cloud storage provided by a third-party hosting company. All communications between your browser and this website are encrypted with industry standard SSL Certificates from trusted Certificate Authorities that your browser already trusts. Backups of our database/CRM are also encrypted, protecting them in the event of theft or loss. Any payment transactions are also encrypted during transition.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given, or you have chosen, a password for access to certain parts of our website or app, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone, and we urge you to be careful about sharing information in public areas of the website, such as our Church Online Platform.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website or app. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.
How Do You Access and Correct Your Information?
If you would like to review and change your personal information, you may do so by:
Signing in to your account on our website and navigating to the “Login” page, then selecting the “Edit” button beside the information you wish to update.
Sending us an email at webmaster@centralaz.com.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This policy is effective as of July 1, 2020. CCC reserves the right to change, amend, or restate this policy. Therefore, you should revisit this page from time to time to determine the current policy. CCC will post any substantial changes in this Privacy Policy at least 30 days prior to implementation of the change. Any information collected under this current policy will remain bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. After the changes take effect, all new information collected, if any, will be subject to the revised privacy policy.
Let Us Know How We Are Doing
We have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to our website and app are a positive experience, and that your privacy is constantly respected. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy practices, please let us know.
Central Christian Church
933 N Lindsay Rd
Mesa, AZ 85213
webmaster@centralaz.com