https://www.island-of-freedom.com/privacy/
Privacy - Island Of Freedom
Skip to content
Insurance and Financial Ramblings
Main Menu
Home
Agent & Advisor Stuff
Consumer Stuff
About
Privacy
Contact
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to me. Accordingly, this Policy is being published in order for you to understand how this site collects, uses, communicates, discloses and make use of personal information. The following outlines this privacy policy.  (Enter boiler plate CYA privacy policy below)
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
I am committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Recent Posts
Insurance Leads – Where To Buy Them
The Stock Market Today [An Op-Ed]
A Health Insurance Leads Action Plan
A Good Example of Bad Insurance Lead Gen Marketing
Senior Insurance Sales List Guide
PopularResources For Agents
Where to Turn for Insurance Lead Generation
The First One Gets The Oyster The Seconds Gets The Shell
Copyright © 2020 Island Of Freedom