http://www.actionagainsthunger.org/about/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Privacy Policy
Updated: August 21, 2019
Action Against Hunger | ACF International has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Action Against Hunger website located at the URL www.actionagainsthunger.org.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. Action Against Hunger reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our website. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and,
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Action Against Hunger by using the Contact Us form on our website. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Action Against Hunger collects non-personally identifiable information via your IP address, most-recently visited URL, or your computer settings. Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, format preference (HTML vs. text), address, interests, and similar information. We may also ask for certain non-personally identifiable demographic information such as your age, household income, interests, etc., but we do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors such as credit card or social security numbers.
Action Against Hunger respects your privacy and has instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. We may use this information to deliver to you information about our organization, as well as for trend analysis, pattern detection, site administration, or simply to contact you when necessary. Non-personal demographic and profile data is used to customize your experience at our website, showing you content we think you might be interested in. By visiting this website you agree that no information you submit to the site shall contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are solely responsible for the content of any information you provide to Action Against Hunger.
We may share donor information such as name and postal address to third parties in the business of facilitating communications, such as direct mail brokers, to enable them to send you mail from organizations whose work we believe may be of interest to you. We do not share email addresses for this purpose, and we do not allow these third parties to provide your information directly to the organizations. If you do not want to receive these mailings and prefer that we do not share your information with these third party communication facilitators for that purpose, you may opt-out by emailing info@actionagainsthunger.org or calling 1 (212) 967-7800.
Our Sites are operated in the United States.  If you are located outside of the United States, you should be aware that we will collect, process, and maintain your information in the United States.  By using the Sites, accessing the Sites or providing any information to the Sites, you consent to the transfer of your information to the United States, which may not offer the same level of privacy protection that would be required by your home country, and to the processing and maintaining of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "Cookies"
Our site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you prefer to not receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to Action Against Hunger is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Action Against Hunger. You will notice that the domain name (located in your website address bar) begins with "https" on these secure pages. Information on these pages is encrypted for your security. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and e-mail address. Action Against Hunger will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the site. Action Against Hunger stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail.
Email Updates
You will receive e-mail updates if you have expressed an interest in receiving news updates from Action Against Hunger by registering on our website. We are committed to protecting your privacy, so your email address will never be sold, rented, or exchanged. You will be given the option to remove your name from our email list at the bottom of each email update.
Other Websites
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Action Against Hunger has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Advertising
We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across the Internet. We use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our website.
Visit Google's Ad Settings to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Disclosing Personally Identifiable Information
We will only disclose personally identifiable information to third parties when (i) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the site (i.e. to process credit card information); and (ii) we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Action Against Hunger or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Action Against Hunger, the site or the visitors to the site, and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of visitors to the site or the public.
Questions or Concerns? Contact Us
Action Against Hunger - USA
One Whitehall Street, 2nd Floor
New York, NY 10004
Email: info@actionagainsthunger.org
Tel: +1 (212) 967-7800; Toll free: +1 (877) 777-1420
Action Against Hunger is the world’s hunger specialist and leader in a global movement that aims to end life-threatening hunger for good within our lifetimes. For more than 40 years, the humanitarian and development organization has been on the front lines, treating and preventing hunger across nearly 50 countries. It served more than 17 million people in 2019 alone.
You Can Help Save Lives
With the generous support of people like you, our emergency teams are helping save lives, providing lifesaving treatment to malnourished children and delivering urgent food and water.
Together, we can take urgent action to prevent children from sliding even deeper into tragedy. Now is the time to act and help children survive.
Donate Now
Join Our Community
For more great content like this join our mailing list to stay up to date on all the latest news and events from Action Against Hunger.
Leave this field blank
Latest Updates
New Data Shows Yemen Going Backward, With 1 in 6 People Projected to Be One Step Away from Famine
Saving Halima's Life
Central America: Action Against Hunger Intensifies Efforts After Iota, 2nd Category 4 Hurricane in 2 Weeks
Donor Appreciation Week 2020
See All Updates