http://www.diakon.org/terms-of-use
Skip to Content
Main Menu
GIVE NOW
OPT-IN
Home
COVID-19
Senior Services
Child & Family Services
Community Services
Medical Group
About Us
About Us
Fast Facts
Mission
Community Impact
Services
Our Name
Directions
Code of Conduct
Administration
Boards
Office of Development
Partner Synods
LSA
History
SWAN
Audit
Annual Report
News
Events
Keep In Touch
Many Voices Blog
eDiakonnect
Dialog Newsletter
Social Media
Contact Us
Careers
Community Impact
How You Can Help
Sign Up For Newsletter
Main Menu
Search Diakon.org. Press enter to begin your search.
Terms of Use
Overview
The content and graphics on all websites (“Site or Sites”) of Diakon Lutheran Social Ministries and Diakon Child, Family & Community Ministries, their parent Diakon and all affiliates of Diakon (“Diakon”) are owned by Diakon. Permission is granted to Site users to download copies of organizational newsletters, articles, and bulletin inserts. When possible, attribution to Diakon is requested.
Use of the Sites and any related services are subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below. Please read the following information carefully. Your continued use of the Sites indicates your agreement to be bound by this Web Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by this Web Policy, promptly exit the Sites.
The Sites contain pages and materials made available by Diakon for downloading and viewing. Portions of the Sites authored by Diakon or its authorized agents, contractors, and employees are referred to herein as “Diakon Materials.” Portions of the Sites authored by other content contributors are referred to herein as “Third-Party Materials.
Use of Diakon Materials
All Diakon Materials on the Sites are protected by federal, state and international copyright and trademark laws and are the property of Diakon and/or its affiliates. No portion of the Diakon Materials may be reprinted, republished, modified, reproduced, or distributed in any form without the express written permission of Diakon, unless specifically noted as available for public use, such as newsletters or bulletin inserts.
You may view or download Diakon Materials for your own personal use. You shall keep intact any proprietary notices, including copyright notices, contained on any downloaded Diakon Materials and you shall comply with any applicable end user license agreements.
Diakon reserves all rights related to its ownership of copyrighted and trademarked materials and will not tolerate any unlawful infringement of those copyrights and/or trademarks.
The cross-D symbol and “Many Hands. One Heart” are registered trademarks of Diakon.
Accuracy of Diakon Materials
Although Diakon strives to ensure the integrity and accuracy of Diakon Materials, it makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the correctness or accuracy of Diakon Materials. It is possible that Diakon Materials could include inaccuracies or errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions and alterations could be made to these materials by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform the Office of Corporate Communications and Public Relations via e-mail so that the issue can be addressed. Information contained on the Sites may be changed or updated without notice.
Security of Diakon Site
Diakon maintains security measures to protect against the improper use or disclosure of information under the control of Diakon. Diakon employs strict security measures to safeguard online transactions and interactions.
Warranty Disclaimer
The Sites, including any content or information contained herein or any Site-related service, is provided “AS IS,” with no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. As a user of the Sites, you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the Sites, Site-related services, and any hyperlinked web sites.
Nothing contained in the Sites is intended to be a substitute for medical diagnosis or treatment by a qualified health care provider. The information should not be considered complete, nor should it be relied on to suggest a course of treatment for a particular individual. It should not be used in place of a visit, call, consultation or the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider. Information included in the Sites is not exhaustive and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment. Should you have any healthcare related questions, call or see your physician or other qualified health care provider promptly. Always consult with your physician or other qualified health care provider before embarking on a new treatment, diet or fitness program. You should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read in the Sites. The information contained in the Sites is compiled from a variety of sources (“Information Providers”). Neither Diakon nor Information Providers directly or indirectly practice medicine or dispense medical services as part of the Sites.
Diakon, its affiliates and sponsors, are neither responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive, or other damages arising out of or relating in any way to the Sites, Site-related services, content or information contained herein, or any hyperlinked web site. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the Sites, Site-related services, content or information contained herein, and/or hyperlinked web sites, is to stop using the Sites, Site-related services, content or information, or hyperlinked web sites.
Disclaimer of  Endorsement
Links to other web sites are provided, if at all, for your convenience only, and should not be considered and shall not be deemed as an endorsement or recommendation by Diakon of such other web sites or their content. Diakon makes no representations regarding the other web sites that you may access through the Sites. When you access non-Diakon web sites, Diakon is not responsible for the availability, the content or the damage caused by visiting those web sites. It is your responsibility to take the appropriate precautions necessary to protect yourself from damage caused by such items as viruses and other items of a destructive nature and to ensure that your use of non-Diakon web sites complies with all applicable laws.
Unauthorized Use
As a condition of your use of the Sites, you warrant to Diakon that you will not use the Sites for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by Diakon’s Web Policy. By accessing the Sites, you agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to any areas of the Sites, computer systems or networks connected to the Sites. If Diakon learns that you are making a possibly unlawful or prohibited use of the Sites, Diakon may unilaterally deny your further access to any portion of the Sites or the Sites in their entirety.
Personal Information
You can visit and browse our entire site without providing any personal information. The only information Diakon collects about visitors to the Sites is the information voluntarily provided by visitors. Diakon does not share any visitor’s personally identifiable information with any third party, except where required by law, or if directed by a resident/client following proper authorization.
HIPAA Compliance
Please review our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices (link opens a new browser window) to learn more about the ways we use and disclose protected health information.
Children’s Privacy
Diakon is committed to protecting the privacy of children. The Sites are intended for adults and young adults, age 13 and over.
Use of Email
Sending unsecured information over the Internet has been compared to sending a postcard through the mail—you must be comfortable that anyone may possibly read what you write. Diakon recommends that you do not send any personal health or other sensitive information to any email addresses found on the Sites. If you send any personal health or other sensitive information to email addresses found on the Sites, you do so at your own risk. If you must send personal health or other sensitive information to a Diakon staff member, please contact the staff member in advance to arrange an appropriate means of delivery.
Electronic Communication Opt-in/-Out
Diakon allows users of the Sites to opt-in to receive electronic communications from various programs and communities and the Offices of Communications and Advancement. Diakon may use a third-party to manage the subscription and delivery of information by email or other electronic means. Diakon works with the third-party to ensure that the privacy policies of the third-party are consistent with Diakon’s privacy policies and that the third-party complies with the United States CAN-SPAM laws. Each opt-in electronic communication allows you to opt-out or unsubscribe from the electronic communication or to update your contact information. Diakon does not sell, trade, rent or share any personal information about you with any other organizations. Diakon only uses your electronic contact information to send you the information that you have chosen to receive.
Forms
Forms are available on the Sites to allow you to request information from Diakon. Any information provided on a Diakon form is used solely to respond to the request outlined in the form. Depending on the form, Diakon may request your telephone number, email and/or mailing addresses in order to fulfill your request. If Diakon is processing a credit card transaction, Diakon may collect information, such as full name and mailing address, to process the transaction. Diakon does not provide any information provided on a Diakon form to anyone outside of Diakon, except where required by law or to process a credit card transaction.
Public Forums
Diakon may, at times, provide visitors with forums, message boards, etc. Any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information when submitted. You should exercise extreme caution when disclosing any personal information on a forum, message board, etc. and cannot expect any level of privacy or confidentiality in the information submitted unless the forum, message board, etc. notes otherwise.
Choice of Law and Venue
Diakon Web Policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States of America, exclusive of its choice of law rules. Diakon and users of the Sites submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Lehigh County in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States of America, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. In any action to enforce this Web Policy, the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorney’s fees. In the event that any parts of the Diakon Web Policy are held by a court or other tribunal or competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, so that this Web Policy shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
Diakon Web Policy constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between Diakon and you pertaining to your use of Diakon Sites. Diakon maintains the right, in its sole discretion, to modify this Web Policy at any time by posting a revised or updated version on the Sites.
Questions
Questions regarding Diakon’s Web Sites or Web Policy can be directed by e-mail to the Diakon Office of Corporate Communications and Public Relations at info@diakon.org.
SERVICES
Senior Services
Child & Family
Services
Community Services
CONNECT
Many Voices Blog
eDiakonnect
Dialog Newsletter
For News Media
Social Media
QUICK LINKS
Employment
About Us
Events
News
Contact
Home
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
E-NEWSLETTER
Diakon Lutheran Social Ministries
Diakon Child, Family & Community Ministries
© 2015 - 2020 Diakon
Diakon does not discriminate in admissions, the provision of services, or referrals of clients on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other classes protected by law.