http://www.codev.org/commitment-to-donor-ethics-and-privacy/
CoDevelopment Canada
En Español | En Français
Skip to content
Home
COVID 19 in Latin America
Our Work
Latin American Partners
Latin American Partners’ Map
Canadian Partners
Delegations
Urgent Actions
Publications
Executive Director Reports
Annual Reports
Articles about CoDev
Newsletter Archive
News Releases
Events
Annual Solidarity Dinner
Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Holiday Open House
Support
Donate Now
Donate Monthly
Become a Member
Planned Giving
Volunteer
Purchase Café Ético Coffee
Blog
Who We Are
Our Mission
Board of Directors
Join the CoDev Board
CoDev Staff
CoDev Supporters
CoDev by Numbers
Contact
Commitment to Donor Ethics and Privacy
CoDev’s Commitment
Tax Receipts: CoDev is a registered charitable organization (BN#130153463RR0001).
A charitable tax receipt will be issued for all donations of $25 and over or upon request. Monthly donors will receive an annual tax receipt for the total of their contributions. Please note that a tax receipt is not issued for membership fees.
CoDev’s Commitment to Ethical Fundraising: CoDev is committed to being an ethical fundraiser, adhering to the highest standards. CoDev adheres to the Canadian Council for International Cooperation Code of Ethics as well as the Donor Bill of Rights (see below).
CoDev’s Privacy Commitment: CoDev may use your personal information to send you newsletters, meeting notices, urgent actions, membership renewals, donation requests, official receipts, notice of elections to the Board of Directors and other information related to the goals of the organization. If you do not want to be contacted or receive mail or emails from CoDev, please check the appropriate box on the donation form.
CoDev’s Exchange Policy: To build up our supporter and donor list, we occasionally exchange our donor list with other progressive like-minded organizations. If you do not want your personal information to be exchanged with other organizations, please check the appropriate box on the donation form.
The Donor Bill of Rights: Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
i.	To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
ii.	To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
iii.	To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
iv.	 To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
v.	 To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
vi.	To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
vii.	 To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
viii.	 To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
ix.	To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
x.	 To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
The Donor Bill of Rights was created by the American Association of Fund Raising Counsel (AAFRC), Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), and the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE).
Stay in Touch
Receive our e-bulletin right in your inbox.
Connect & Subscribe
© 2011 CoDevelopment Canada, 260 - 2747 East Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC V5K 1Z8 Canada
Phone: (604) 708-1495 Fax: (604) 708-1497 E-mail: codev@codev.org
Charitable Registration No. 130153463RR0001
Home
Privacy Policy
Commitment to Donor Ethics and Privacy
Sitemap