http://www.amfs.com/privacy-policy/
Request a Medical Expert
Does your case require a medical expert witness? Are you interested in learning more about our medical legal services? We want to hear from you.
Request a Medical Expert
Trust Experience.
When your medical malpractice case is on the line, only the best expert witnesses will do.
20,000 clients. 212 medical expert specialties. One powerful partner.
From free case consultations to dedicated case management, AMFS supports medical malpractice attorneys like no other expert witness partner.
Explore the nation’s most comprehensive medical expert witness network.
Request an ExpertTalk to a Doctor
A Winning Dynamic
A referral alone doesn’t build a strong case. From highly qualified medical expert witnesses to distinguished Physician Medical Directors, American Medical Forensic Specialists delivers the value you deserve, every time.
Meet our team
29
Years in
Business
Trust the nation’s most comprehensive medical expert witness network, cultivated over three decades in business.
212+
Medical
Specialties
With AMFS, there’s no medical specialty too rare and no case too tough. Experience expertise in action.
Quality, unbiased review from the inception of medical malpractice matters is why our firm values the expertise of AMFS. You are providing an exceptionally valuable service to the trial lawyers of America.
— Fellows & Hymowitz
I have used AMFS for years for identifying and engaging highly qualified and credible expert witnesses. The responsiveness and professionalism of the AMFS medical directors and staff helps streamline the expert locating process and adds real value to the cause of my clients. AMFS is an indispensable resource for my ...
— Bialous Law Firm
I have approached AMFS to assist me in locating and hiring qualified experts to consult on claims of professional negligence. I have found their network of experts to be exceptional. I have hired quite a number of experts, in various fields, through AMFS, over the years. The experts have been ...
— Fluetsch & Fluetsch
A Proven Process
Free Case Review
Discuss your case with a Physician Medical Director at no cost.
Robust Medical Expert Search
Review the medical expert witnesses we recommend for your case.
Expert Engagement
Engage your medical expert witness as our case managers streamline billing and scheduling.
Request an Expert
An Expert Move
Need guidance identifying the medical issues in your case? Not sure which type of expert witness to retain? Our Physician Medical Directors know what it takes to build a winning case. Schedule your free consultation now to ensure your expert witness engagement is on the right track from the start.
Schedule Your Free Consultation
Subscribe to Updates Subscribe to our newsletter to receive all updates and news in your inbox:
© 2019 AMFS. All Rights Reserved.| Privacy Policy | An Ontellus Company