http://www.loveme.com/invar/services/terms.php?des=1
Terms and conditionsPrivacy policyContact
Terms and conditions Our Pledge To You
We would like to welcome you to our service and thank you for your trust and confidence. Since 1995, we have proudly helped thousands of singles from around the world come together.. It is our goal to do everything possible to ensure you have a safe and productive experience using our site. We have always been proud of and stood behind the service we offer and we always will! If you ever feel there is an issue or a problem with any aspect of the service, please contact our Customer Service Department immediately and we will work with you to resolve the situation to your satisfaction or refund/credit your account appropriately. If you are visually or hearing impaired or have any other disability that may prevent you from utilizing any of our services, please call us at 602-332-7805.
We will be happy to assist you in completing your order.
In order to participate in A Foreign Affair You must agree to the following terms and conditions. By using A Foreign Affair, you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. We reserve the right to change this agreement at any time and post such changes. The changes will become effective immediately upon posting. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you cannot use the services offered by the A Foreign Affair site.
User Agreement
In order to use A Foreign Affair you must agree to follow all of the terms and conditions contained herein. The pronouns "we and us" used herein, refer to A Foreign Affair, and any “white label” sites that are part of the A Foreign Affair family.
A Foreign Affair does utilize White label sites with the majority of them owned directly by A Foreign Affair.
A “White Label” site refers to a site that publishes the same basic content under a different name, theme, design, or even language.
The core content of the White Label sites such as profiles and services will mirror that of the main site, A Foreign Affair.
User rights
. We reserve the right to limit partial or full access to the site, by any user(s), at our discretion. We may temporarily or permanently discontinue certain services or features with no prior notice or liability.
. We reserve the right at any time to:
. Change the terms and conditions of this Agreement
. Change any fees or charges for using the Service
. Change the Site, including removing or discontinuing any content on or feature of the Site
. REFUSE service, including gifts, correspondence, tours, clubs and introductions to any user/member at any time, for any reason and to disable said users account.
In the event of closing a user account, only any unused funds that were placed by client on account will be refunded, any tour credits that were accumulated will be forfeited.
. Any changes that are made will be effective immediately. Be sure to review this Agreement periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version.
. Your membership in the Service is for your sole, personal use. You may not authorize others to use your membership, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity.
Privacy Policy
A Foreign Affair facilitates communication between parties. We are not responsible for, nor can we guarantee the privacy of information that you elect to give to third parties (other members of the site) via the site.
AFA does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy of any translations done on the site via Express Mail or via the phone translation service or skype or in person translations.
You agree to release us from any and all liability for the use of any information obtained by any third party as a result of your use of this service. We are not responsible for the content or accuracy or validity of any communication (correspondence, phone, skype, or in person) that you receive via the service. We advise you to exercise caution when communicating with anyone online, we do not verify, or confirm information posted on the site by users, nor are we responsible for the content or actions that may result from the posting of such information.
Who Can Use This Service?
REGISTRATION. To become a Member you must register with us. When and if you register to become a Member, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form ("Profile") and to maintain and update your information to keep it accurate, current and complete. You agree that we may rely on your Profile as accurate, current and complete. You acknowledge that if your Profile is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete in any respect, we reserve the right to terminate this Agreement and your use of the Service.
When you register, we will require that you provide sufficient information to indicate that you are at least 18 years old. By becoming a Member, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old, which is the minimum required age to become a Member. However, we cannot guarantee that each Member is at least the required minimum age, nor do we accept responsibility or liability for any content, communication or other use or access of the Site by persons under the age of 18 in violation of this Agreement.
Either you or Site may terminate your membership at any time, for any reason, effective upon sending written notice to the other party. All paid membership fees are nonrefundable. We reserve the right to immediately suspend or terminate your access to the Service, without notice, upon any breach of this Agreement by you. You agree that you are not using the site for any commercial purposes whatsoever. Participation and or membership is void where prohibited.
Member Content Guidelines/Policies
A Foreign Affair reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to delete or modify any member posted content, including text, photos, audio or video clips, which is in violation of this agreement or would be considered illegal in any way. A Foreign Affair claims immunity from any claims or liability with respect to any content posted by any member or non-member on the site. Please be advised that it is against our policy for members to post any material that is copyrighted or trademark protected.
By using A Foreign Affair you agree to be solely responsible for all content posted by you, or under your account, as well as any messages transmitted to other users of the site.
A Foreign Affair reserves the right to accept or reject any content posted by any of its members. The acceptance of any content does not in any way make A Foreign Affair responsible for the content. Each user is responsible for the content he or she places on the site.
Member Disputes
A Foreign Affair is in no way responsible for any damages that may occur as a result of the introduction and or communication of members via the site. Although A Foreign Affair reserves the right to monitor the correspondence between members, it is known by the user that A Foreign Affair has no control or input in the communication or interaction between the members on its site. Users of A Foreign Affair agree to hold harmless A Foreign Affair, its employees, directors, agents and affiliates from any claims that may arise from the use of this site, and communication and or personal interaction with other users of this site.
Ownership Rights
All of the content contained on A Foreign Affair is the sole property of A Foreign Affair and cannot, without prior permission, be copied or published in any way.
Users agree and understand that is strictly prohibited to use any photos or videos, even those that require User to pay to view via the site, for any other purpose, and may not publish them on any other site or medium without express written permission from A Foreign Affair.
There are no ownership rights to such videos or photos conveyed to the User.
Any payment to view any video or photo is a payment for facilitating the service and not in any way associated with ownership or the right to republish the video or photo in any way.
Disclaimers
A Foreign Affair is not responsible for the accuracy and does not warrant in any way any of the information that is posted by members or non-members. By using the service you agree to hold A Foreign Affair harmless, as well as its directors, employees, affiliates, with regards to any of the content posted or received via the site. A Foreign Affair will not be liable for periodic problems with the service, including but not limited to, connection problems to the site, loss of data, equipment failure, E-mail problems, server problems, theft of data base information. Users acknowledge that they are using the site at their own risk.
Any information stored on the server for the user is done so as a courtesy to the user and is not part of a paid service, nor is A Foreign Affair compensated in any way for storing information such as profile/photos/archived letters etc . If there is any information such as profile information/photos/archived letters, etc. that is important or material to user you are advised to copy said information to an independent source as the information stored on A Foreign Affair may be removed or altered at any time for any reason.
Additionally, from time to time letters stored in users accounts are deleted after a certain period of time, again, if any correspondence, letters, etc are important to you, you are strongly urged to save them to an independent source,
Use of Photos/Images.
From time to time AFA holds certain public events such as "Socials", “Seminars” or other events. During such events or at any AFA office or during any AFA tour there may be "still" and or "video" photography present, including third party commercial media concerns (ie TV or production companies).
While AFA strives to include only those who wish to be filmed or photographed you understand and agree as a condition of attending the event, that there is a possibility that your photo/video/image, may be taken, inadvertently or not, and posted on the AFA web site and or a third party site or other venues or mediums, some of which may not be controlled by AFA.
If you notice your likeness in any AFA material and wish to have it removed simply contact our office at (602) 553-8178 and we will remove the photo or video from any site/venue or media under our control. Participants of any A Foreign Affair events, including Socials and AFA offices, agree to hold harmless A Foreign Affair, its employees, directors, agents and affiliates from any claims that may arise from the participation of the event, personal interaction with other participants at the event, or for any content containing your image posted on the AFA site or any other venue or media, whether it is controlled by AFA or not.
Limitation Of Liability
A Foreign Affair will not be liable to the user or any third person for any damages, whether direct or indirect, or punitive damages (except where prohibited). In no event will the extent of the damages exceed the amount actually paid, if any, by the user.
INDEMNITY BY MEMBER
. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, our officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (i) your breach of this Agreement; (ii) any allegation that any materials that you submit to us or transmit to the Site infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party; and/or (iii) your activities in connection with the Site, including correspondence, travel, phone/skype translations, in person meetings.
This indemnity shall be applicable without regard to the negligence of any party, including any indemnified person. In no event will the extent of the damages exceed the amount actually paid to AFA for direct services.
WARNING - PLEASE READ
: It is possible that other Members or users (including unauthorized users, or "hackers") may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials on the Service and that you may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive and obscene materials. It also is possible for others to obtain personal information about you due to your use of the Service, and that the recipient may use such information to harass or injure you. Site is not responsible for the use of any personal information that you may choose to disclose on the Service. Please carefully select the type of information that you post on the Service or release to others.
Direct Communication
From time to time it may be necessary to contact you via E-mail with updates regarding your service. By using this site you give us express permission to E-mail you with information concerning your account, or general information which may be in the form of a newsletter.
Jurisdiction
This Agreement is entered into in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. Any actions that occur because of this service will be deemed to have occurred in Phoenix, Arizona, and you agree that the laws of Arizona will control. If there are any disputes, they must be submitted to binding arbitration, subject to the policies and rules of the American Arbitration Association. Neither party shall be entitled to attorney fees. Any and all Arbitration must be held in Phoenix Arizona. If any provision is found to be invalid, all other provisions in this agreement will remain in affect.
Assignment
You cannot assign this agreement to a third party. A Foreign Affair retains the right to assign its rights to a third party without prior notice.
Changes In Terms And Conditions
This agreement may be changed at anytime and without prior notice. The change will be posted in the Terms and Conditions and may be E-mailed as well, however, it is not mandatory that they be E-mailed. Please check the Terms and Conditions periodically and if you do not agree with them please cease using the service.
Others
The order in which the items in the Terms and Conditions does not affect or denote the priority of each term or condition in any way. Our failure to enforce any violations of any of the terms and conditions in no way waives our right for future enforcement.
Service Guarantees/Disclaimers
Platinum Members:
Your Platinum membership will automatically renew every 30 days at a total cost of $29.95. If you do not want your membership to renew please E-mail us at
afa@wwdl.net
or call us at 1-800-576-3367, ext. 205, and we will cancel your account.
If you are not satisfied with your gift delivery we will either resolve the problem promptly, (within 2 to 3 business days) or refund you for the full amount of the original order.
E-mail Forwarding:
If for any reason we are unable to forward your letter or your letter is returned to our office you account will be credited for a full refund. If you receive and pay for a letter that you are not satisfied with contact us at
mail@loveme.com
or 1-602-553-8178 ext. 402 and we will resolve the issue or refund the charge in full to your account.
There is a cost associated with both sending and receiving correspondence.
There are two types of letters - the letters in green are replies from women whom you have already written. The letters in blue
are initial introduction letters from women who may be interested in you based primarily on your profile information. With the assistance of our Staff/Matchmakers, women have the ability to have their intro letter sent to men who may be a possible match. Intro letters are primarily sent by the office Staff/Matchmakers normally based on your profile matching some of her parameters, however, it is entirely up to the discretion of the office/Matchmaker as far as what is considered a possible match, Some offices will use narrow parameters while others may be much broader, thus it is possible that intro letters you receive may not be a good match due to larger age differences or other parameters that are too broad or not a match. Be advised that an intro letter is just an indication of possible interest and the office matchmakers can and normally will send the same intro letter to multiple men who, in their sole judgment, feel may be a possible match.
Match makers may send follow up intro letters, if there was not a response, from the same woman to the same man as well.
Blue letter(s), since they are only intro letters, are only $5.95 to open regardless of your membership status. If you wish not to receive initial/ or follow up intro letters, you may opt out (see "MY INFO"), and simply initiate any correspondence yourself. You may also block an individual profile, in which case you will cease receiving any type of intro letters or correspondence from that profile.
We believe that you may be more successful if you choose the women you are interested in via your own search of the site, and write directly first instead of relying on intro letters as a guide, as many women are flattered to receive an initial letter of interest from the man.
Due to language issues and lack of experience with foreign men/cultures, etc. female members (as well as male members) may request and staff/matchmakers may assist with the content of their introduction letters (Intro letters) and or regular correspondence, as well as the selection of photos, if any, to be sent with any given letter, intro or regular correspondence.
When a letter is responded to or initiated by a man to a woman on the site, there are various ways in which the staff will work to interact with the woman regarding the correspondence, including but not limited to, coming in to the office, via phone, via text or various social media platforms, or direct access and responding directly back through the site, etc..
On-going correspondence letters are continually sent to the men, and to the offices for the women, on a 24/7 basis, although, especially with respect to intro letters there may be delays in delivery and the site reserves the right to delay or cancel delivery of both intro letters and on-going correspondence as they deem necessary.
Unless the woman comes into the office and works directly with the matchmaker, they normally do not view the men’s profiles, as they are not made public.
The matchmakers can send info from the man’s profile to the woman including photos. However, no personal contact information may be exchanged unless or until the IMBRA form has been signed by the woman and or a personal meeting has taken place (IMBRA will always be executed prior to any personal meetings of any kind) (any contact information or information that may lead to the exchange of contact information will be edited out of the correspondence until the woman has signed the man’s specific IMBRA form.
Many women, for various reasons, mainly safety and ease of use and support, prefer to exchange personal contact information at the time of the actual meeting, and the IMBRA form will be executed at that time.
There is no extra fee to execute the IMBRA form for any type of in person meetings. However, there is a fee to execute the IMBRA form (if the woman is willing to do so) for those who have not yet met in person, please call 602-553-8178 ext. 0 for more information regarding this.
Any translation of the letters are considered to be free of charge and does not affect the cost of the letter, thus if the letter does not need to be translated the price of the service is not affected.
The term "Introduction Letter" includes the subject of the letter. The woman and or the staff/matchmakers may personalize the intro letter by using the first name of the possible match to whom the letter is being sent, again the same intro letter may and normally is sent to multiple men who may be suitable matches.
Introduction letters normally go through an approval process to ensure they fall within site guidelines although we do not warrant, guarantee or verify any of the information included in the intro letter or regular correspondence. If you received a letter, introduction or regular, that you feel is inappropriate and or problematic, for any reason, please contact customer service immediately at 602-553-8178 ext. 0 and we will review the letter or letters and resolve the issue. It is entirely up to the discretion of the woman and or staff/matchmakers as to what constitutes a possible match. If you feel the Intro letters you are receiving are not good matches or you simply do not want to receive the introduction letters at all, you can disable the function by checking the box on the left side of your in box, and simply make initial contact via the site to the women you feel are the best match for you.
If you do elect to receive intro letters you should never feel compelled in any way to open and or respond to any letters.
Into letters are simply a tool for you to gain a little more information about the woman and see if you agree that there may be a possible mutual interest.
Please be aware in many of the cultures/countries in which we operate the age difference between the couple, especially as it relates to inter-cultural relationships may be more elastic than what you are normally accustomed to, meaning larger age differences may be more acceptable in some of the cultures.
However, as a rule of thumb, we normally advise to proceed with more caution with age differences in excess of 20 years or so, especially if the woman is younger (approximately 18 to 25 or so).
We have had successful marriages with larger age differences of 30 to even 40 plus years, but we believe that there may be a higher risk level associated with those extreme age differences and you should act knowing that higher risk level may be present.
Due to adverse economic conditions and other circumstances in some of the countries that we feature and service, some women may be reimbursed by the office or affiliates or by the client themselves for such things as profile photos, Internet access, transportation, etc.
It is up to the office, affiliate office or client to determine the amount of reimbursement and for what purposes.
This does not mean women receive payment for joining the site or any type of percentage for services such as gifts or correspondence, as that is against our policy that offices and affiliate offices agree to.
If you ever feel that a woman profiled on the site is/was receiving any type of payment for being on the site please notify us at afa@lovememail.com.
Phone Translations:
We guarantee our phone or skype translations. You will not be charged anything unless and until you are speaking with the person whom you requested. If you are dissatisfied in any way with your Phone or skype Translation experience call us at once at (602) 553-8178 ext. 0 and we will promptly resolve the issue.
The exchange of contact information is prohibited during a phone or skype conference unless or until the woman has seen and signed your IMBRA form, (again most women would prefer to meet in person prior to doing so for reasons stated herein)
PHOTOS:
Please refrain from posting photos that could be considered obscene, or that contain any type of contact information that could violate IMBRA such as personal contact information, including any social media accounts etc.
We reserve the right to decline any photo for any reason.
IMBRA:
All registered users must complete the Federally required IMBRA form in order to meet and or exchange personal contact information. The form only takes a minute or two to complete and consists of questions regarding certain past criminal acts, marital status, history of restraining orders, whether or not you have children, if you have ever sponsored a fiancee in the past, and the states you have resided in, (It does not contain your personal information such as your address or any information that could be used for identity theft in any way!) and is affirmed by you as being true and correct. The form is then translated into the woman’s native language and must be received by each woman you are interested in prior to any exchange of personal contact information.
The specific woman must sign that she has received your specific IMBRA form.
She is told that we did not conduct a personal background check on you and that you answers may or may not be truthful.
The IMBRA form is a legal document and must be included in the fiancée or spousal visa application for all US citizens.
However, it is required to be completed by all members, regardless of nationality.
No personal contact information may be exchanged unless or until the IMBRA form has been signed by the woman and or a personal meeting has taken place (any contact information or information that may lead to the exchange of contact information will be edited out of the correspondence until the woman has signed the IMBRA form.
Most women, for various reasons, mainly safety and ease of use and support, prefer to exchange personal contact information at the time of the actual meeting, and the IMBRA form will be executed at that time.
There is no extra fee to execute the IMBRA form for any type of in-person meetings, however there is a fee to execute the IMBRA form (if the woman is willing to do so) for those who have not yet met in person, the fee can be up to $400.00 to execute the IMBRA paperwork and also store it until it may be needed to submit to the USCIS for the fiancée (K1), or Spousal (CR-1) visa..
Please call 602-553-8178 ext. 0 for more information.
ONLINE USER/MEMBER CONDUCT POLICY:
As a User/Member, you agree that: You are solely responsible for the content or information you publish or display (hereinafter, "post") on the Service, or transmit to other Members via correspondence, phone or skype calls or in person meetings.
You may not post on the Service, or transmit to other Members or employees, any defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive sexually oriented, threatening, harassing, racially offensive, or illegal material, or any material that infringes or violates another party's rights (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, and rights of privacy and publicity). Please notify us by writing to (A Foreign Affair 7320 North Dream Draw, Suite 200 Phoenix, Arizona 85020), or by E-mail to afa@lovememail.com of any material contained in the Service that you believe infringes these rules
Due to IMBRA (U.S. Federal Regulations for International Marriage/Introduction Agencies) you may not meet or exchange personal contact information in any way until the woman has signed your complete IMBRA form. If you use any of the services such as gift delivery, express mail, phone/skype translations and/or in person introductions the woman must have signed your IMBRA form before the exchange of personal contact information and/or introduction/meeting can take place. We reserve the right to edit any correspondence in the case of express mail, gift deliveries, and phone/skype translations (or any other service offered here where this regulation would apply) to comply with IMBRA. IMBRA is U.S. Federal Law that applies to this company no matter what country that YOU reside within. In order to exchange contact information you must generally meet the woman or women in person to exchange contact information, which if you are using this site should be your objective. Due to US law (International Marriage Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA)), governing Foreign Introduction Agencies, we are restricted by the Federal Government in releasing any contact information until certain conditions are met. One of those is that she must see and sign your personal IMBRA form, which we execute, process, and store for you when you meet. Without this form being executed correctly your fiancee visa may be denied. We correctly process the IMBRA forms for all the women you meet during any group tour and/or any type of individual meeting at no additional cost.
We also conduct a sex offender background check, in addition to the completed IMBRA form. The communication via the site is meant to facilitate you meeting her at which point you will be free to exchange any personal contact information if both parties so desire, which is normally the case.
You may use the Service only in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations. AFA (this service) reserves the right, but has no obligation, to reject any profile or photograph or image for any reason.
You may not impersonate, or attempt to impersonate, any other person or entity in any way - EVEN if this is done in a manner that YOU would consider to be "joking" or "harmless". Misrepresentation of your true identity and/or personal circumstances in any manner, for whatever reason, is FORBIDDEN.
You may not express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our specific prior written consent.
You may not harvest or collect personal information about other Members whether or not for commercial purposes, without their express consent.
You may not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine", or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of this site or its contents. ALL material, proprietary information and design is the copyright/trademarked material of the owners and operators of this website and may NEVER be used, in whole or in part, by any other party without the express written consent of the owners of this website.
You may not harvest or collect personal information about other Users/Members whether or not for commercial purposes, without their express consent.
ANY violation of this USER/MEMEBER CONDUCT POLICY and/or these Terms & Conditions of Use for any service and/or feature offered herein will result in, but may not be limited to, the complete forfeiture of funds paid, whether they be on deposit or for services already rendered, to any User/Memeber who is found to be in violation. The owner/operators of this website/service further reserve the right to initiate any appropriate legal action against any User/Member found to be in breach of this agreement.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. AFA owns and retains other proprietary rights in the Services and the Site. The Services and the Site contain the copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information and software of AFA and its licensors. In addition, other Members may post copyrighted information, which has copyright protection whether or not it is identified as copyrighted. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display or sell any such proprietary information.
NONCOMMERCIAL USE BY MEMBER. AFA, A Foreign Affair, the Site and Services is for personal use for individual Members only, and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. Organizations, companies and/or businesses may not become Members of this Site and should not use the Site or Service for any purpose. Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Site, including unauthorized framing of, or linking to the Site will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY MEMBER. We will respect your personal information and undertake to comply with all applicable data protection legislation in the US and other jurisdictions in which we offer the Service, subject to the Privacy Policy of this Site.
ASSIGNMENT. You do not have the right to assign this Agreement or any of your rights to the Service to anyone. AFA has the right to assign any or all of its rights and duties under this Agreement or to the Service to a third party. At the jurisdiction of AFA, if AFA's obligations hereunder are assumed by a third party, AFA shall be relieved of any and all liability under this agreement.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. AFA PROVIDES THE SERVICE AND THE SITE, A Foreign Affair, ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND GRANTS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, IN ANY COMMUNICATION WITH AFA OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES, OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE OR THE SITE. AFA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. AFA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE SITE WILL BE SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED, ALWAYS AVAILABLE OR ERROR-FREE, OR WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE OR THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED. AFA DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR, AND NO WARRANTY IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO, TELEPHONE OR OTHER SERVICE, INCLUDING COVERAGE, RANGE, OR ANY INTERRUPTION IN TELEPHONE OR OTHER SERVICE.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL AFA BE LIABLE (i) TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROGRAMS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OR SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR THE SITE, EVEN IF AFA OR ITS AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES KNOW OR HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR (ii) TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN YOU.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY CONTRARY PROVISION HEREIN BUT SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING LIMITATION ON LIABILITY, IN ALL EVENTS AFA'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO AFA FOR THE SERVICE DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP.
In addition, AFA disclaims all liability, regardless of the form of action, for the acts or omissions of other Members or users (including unauthorized users, or "hackers") of the Service.
Certain jurisdictions limit the applicability of warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability so the above disclaimers of warranty and limitations of liability may not apply to you.
COMPLAINTS. To resolve a complaint regarding the Service or the Site, you should contact AFA Customer Support. TRADEMARK NOTICES. A Foreign Affair is the trademark and/or servicemark of A Foreign Affair ®. All other trademarks, logos, service marks, company or product names set forth in this website are the property of their respective owners.
This Agreement, accepted by you upon registering for the Service, contains the entire agreement between you and AFA regarding the Service and the Site, including the AFA Privacy Policy. In the event of any conflict between the Privacy Policy and this Agreement, this Agreement shall control. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, the Terms will survive termination of your membership to the Service. This agreement shall terminate immediately and without notice if you breach any of the Terms, subject to the survival of all rights and reservations of AFA. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
NOTE: ADDITIONAL Terms & Conditions MAY apply to specific services and/or features offered within this website. These additional Terms & Conditions may be noted within the Member's login area and/or at or leading to the point of sale/use (order page). These additional Terms & Conditions are to be considered incorporated herein and additionally binding upon the User/Member.
DISCLAIMER
This service is intended for entertainment purposes only. The owners and or affiliates of this service make no guaranties or warranties of any kind with regards to the veracity of any of the information included in any of the profiles featured on the site, or any correspondence as a result of the use of this service. AFA will not be liable to the Client or any third person for any damages, whether direct or indirect, or punitive damages (except where prohibited). In no event will the extent of the damages exceed the amount actually paid to AFA for direct services.
It is not recommended that you travel to visit any of the women based solely on their letters/correspondence. Whenever possible we recommend that you independently confirm any material issues by phone or some other means prior to travelling. We always recommend joining a group tour with a well known agency vs travelling individually in order to meet a larger number of women thus vastly improving your chances for success.
A Foreign Affair will, using its best efforts, arrange introductions with the women profiled on the site and clients via individual and group tour services.
Client understands and agrees that the women profiled on the site attend the introductions and or socials at their discretion and A Foreign Affair has no control over or means to compel any particular woman to meet any particular client in any venue.
A Foreign Affair has no control over which women will attend introductions or Socials, we do our best to invite the women the client has expressed an interest in via a submitted list or other means, however it is entirely up to them if they choose to participate.
We do recommend that the client focus on women residing in or around the same city the client will be in as it is more difficult and therefore less likely for women to travel from other cities for introductions or socials.
In addition, if a woman does travel to meet they normally expect to be reimbursed for reasonable travel expenses.
It is strongly recommended that you exercise caution when corresponding with other users listed on this site as well as any Internet site, and independently confirm any information you deem to be material. If you have been solicited for money or experienced any other problems with anyone listed on this site, or have been solicited for services from another company as a direct result of your use of this site, please notify us at once by E-mailing at
afa@wwdl.net
and we will look into the matter. Under no circumstances does AFA condone or advise that you give money to any member on this site, or any person that you met in conjunction with this site, including employees and independent contractors of this site, for any reason whatsoever. If you choose to give money, or any other valuable consideration, for any reason whatsoever, you do so at your own risk and agree to hold AFA and its affiliates and representatives harmless.
In addition to its own offices, AFA does contract with third party Affiliate agencies in order to provide the most opportunities possible for members of the site. AFA has guidelines in place that affiliates, (as well as its own offices) must adhere to or risk fines, penalties and possible termination.
Client understands that Affiliate Agencies, as well as AFA office staff, are compensated by AFA for providing various services including gift deliveries, correspondence, tour support, translations, introductions etc. In most cases the compensation is dependent on the number or amount of services performed or provided, thus they have a financial incentive to support and provide services.
If you ever feel there is a problem/issue with a profile or anything having to do with the quality or content of the correspondence, or any other service, please notify us at once and we will investigate and work to resolve any possible issues to your satisfaction for that particular case.
If for whatever reason we cannot reasonably resolve the issue, we will issue you a full refund for that particular case. By using the service and knowing and understanding that it makes use of multiple affiliate, third party, agencies in order to provide more opportunities for you, you agree not to hold A Foreign Affair, its employees, owners, or directors liable for any actions of an affiliate, even if those actions violate, in any way, the affiliate agreement between affiliate and AFA, and/or that fall outside the agreement between A Foreign Affair and any affiliate that may result in damages or otherwise cause injury to the user.
In no event will the extent of the damages exceed the amount actually paid to AFA for direct services. If you would like to know if the agency providing you a specific service such as Express Mail is indeed an affiliate agency as opposed to a company office, please call (602) 553-8178. However, no agency, including any AFA office, should ever solicit services for introductions, translations, apartments or any other service or request for money via the letters/correspondence. If you receive any kind of offer for any service, or request for money please contact our main office at once, (602) 553-8178.
We strongly advise that if you intend to meet any of the women you are writing that you contact our main office before travelling and allow the main office to make the arrangements, either by way of a group tour, or individual travel.
We do not recommend allowing the woman or a third party affiliate to make any of your travel or interpreter arrangements, especially for your first visit. For more information please feel free to call us and we will be happy to discuss this policy with you.
AFA does no background checks on any of the women profiled on our service. In any case, AFA will not be held liable for any actions or events that may occur as a result of any introductions initiated by AFA.
The information contained on this web site may provide general legal information but is not intended to give legal advice or counsel on any specific legal matter. It does not create an attorney-client relationship and should not be relied upon in lieu of legal counsel. The links provided in this web site are for the information and enjoyment of on-line readers and do not constitute an endorsement of products or services represented there.
Platinum Members: Your Platinum membership will automatically renew every 30 days at a total cost of $29.95. If you do not want your membership to renew please E-mail us at
afa@wwdl.net
or call us at 1-800-576-3367, ext. 205, and we will cancel your account.
If you are not satisfied with your gift delivery we will either resolve the problem promptly, (within 2 to 3 business days) or refund you for the full amount of the original order.
E-mail Forwarding: If for any reason we are unable to forward your letter or your letter is returned to our office you account will be credited for a full refund. If you receive and pay for a letter that you are not satisfied with contact us via email (
mail@wwdl.net
) or by phone 1-800-576-3367 ext. 204 and we will resolve the issue or refund the charge in full to your account.
Phone Translations: We guarantee our phone translations. You will not be charged anything unless and until you are speaking with the person whom you requested. If you are dissatisfied in any way with your Phone Translation experience call us at once at (602) 553-8178 ext. 203 and we will promptly resolve the issue.
Executive Client Disclaimer
Client is responsible for all travel, transportation, security (if desired), meals and lodging costs for himself, and the women he chooses to meet. Prior to departure, Client will place a deposit (to be determined based on the real and estimated costs of travel) with A Foreign Affair to be used towards travel costs incurred on behalf of Client. If there is a difference between the deposit and the actual costs the difference will be resolved upon return of the client.
Client agrees to be honest and forthcoming with the Personal Consultant as well as the women involved, and to treat all parties with respect and dignity.
Client agrees and understands that this is in no way a "sex tour". The women that will be introduced are, to the best of our knowledge, seeking a serious relationship leading to a possible marriage.
Client agrees and understands that A Foreign Affair, using its best efforts, is simply introducing Client to candidates based on the parameters set forth by Client. A Foreign Affair makes no representations or guarantees as to the motives or character of any of the chosen women, or as to the validity of any information submitted by the candidates. It is possible that the Candidates who will be introduced may not match all the parameters set by the Client and may fall outside some of the parameters set by the Client. The Client may, at his option, pay to have an extensive background check completed on any candidate in whom he is interested. A Foreign Affair does no such background checks on any of the women profiled on our service. In any case, A Foreign Affair will not be held liable for any actions or events that may occur as a result of any introductions initiated by A Foreign Affair.
Client understands that AFA is in compliance with IMBA (the International Marriage Broker Act) and will ask client to complete a criminal and marital background form which will be translated into the woman's native language and given to her for her review. We will also conduct a sex offender check
AFA will not be liable to the Client or any third person for any damages, whether direct or indirect, or punitive damages (except where prohibited). In no event will the extent of the damages exceed the amount actually paid.
You agree to indemnify and hold AFA, as well as its employees, directors and affiliates harmless from any damages, demands or losses that may result from the use of this service.
The laws of the State of Arizona will govern this Agreement. Any actions that occur because of this service will be deemed to have occurred in Arizona. If there are any disputes, they must be submitted to binding arbitration, subject to the policies and rules of the American Arbitration Association. Neither party shall be entitled to attorney fees. Any and all Arbitration must be held in Phoenix Arizona. If any provision is found to be invalid, all other provisions in this agreement will remain in effect
Open Tour Reservations
The Open Tour Reservation is non-refundable and must be used within 3 (three) years from the date of placement.
(Open Tour Reservations in excess of 3 (three) years may still be redeemed for full value at the option of AFA)
Airfare is not included for any of the tours offered by AFA, clients are responsible for arranging their own airfare. In any case the $475.00 deposit is not a deposit for any air or land transportation, but a deposit to be applied to a future AFA tour.
Tour prices and destinations subject to change. The price of the “Open Reservation Tour” is dependent on which tour the client chooses in the future. The full $475.00 deposit will be deducted from the published price of the tour client chooses.
Customer Refunds.
Any refunds due will be processed promptly, and by using the same payment method as was used to purchase the service/product.
For example, if the purchase was made by credit card the refund must be processed back to the credit card used.
If the purchase was made by check or cash the refund will be processed by check.
Notice to Competitors
The information supplied by AFA, including addresses, graphics and text is intended to be used by AFA's clients for private non-commercial use only. Any use of this information for any commercial purposes without the prior written permission of AFA is strictly prohibited.
New mail received
X
You have received a new mail!
Click here to go to your inbox now.
Loading...