http://www.stlukesliverpool.org.au/privacy
Join Us Online
Welcome
About
Beliefs
Staff
History
What's On
For Adults
For Youth
For Children
Special Events
Resources
Bible Talks
Bible Studies
Members
History Book
Calendar
Contact
Privacy Statement
St Luke's Liverpool recognises the importance of your privacy and understands your concerns about the security of your personal information. We are committed to protecting any personal information about you that we hold. This privacy policy details how we generally manage your personal information and safeguard your privacy.The National Privacy PrinciplesFrom 21 December 2001, most private sector organisations in Australia, must by law comply with the National Privacy Principles subject to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) ("NPPs"). Small businesses are exempt from the legislation. The Federal Privacy Commissioner’s Office has indicated that organisations such as parishes should be regarded as small businesses for the purposes of the small business exemption under the legislation. Regardless of any exemption from the legislation, we aim to adopt good privacy practice in the way personal information is handled.Collecting personal information about youWe only collect personal information that is necessary for us to perform our functions. The kinds of personal information we collect and hold will depend upon the services you request from us. However, it may include: Information you give us when you ask for information or request a service from us (such as a wedding, baptism or funeral). This information will include your name, address and contact details.Communications between us and youWe also collect some information from you when you use our websitewww.stlukesliverpool.org.au. Your use of the facilities and services available through our website will determine the amount and type of information which we collect about you. Some of this information will not be personal information because it will not reveal your identity.The only personal information which we collect about you when you use our website is what you tell us about yourself, for example, by completing an online form or information you provide to us when you send us an email. We will record your email address if you send us an email.Our use of cookiesWhen you visit our website, our server attaches a small data file called a "cookie" to your computer's memory.Cookies are pieces of information that may be transferred to your computer's memory when you visit a website for record keeping purposes. Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your Web browser to refuse cookies. We use cookies to provide us with aggregate (anonymous) information on how people use our website and to help us to know what they find interesting and useful on our website. We do not link this information back to your identity or other information that you have provided to us. We do not store any information that identifies you inside cookies.Collection of anonymous informationAs most websites do, we track usage patterns on our website on an anonymous aggregate basis. Your identity cannot reasonably be ascertained from this information. Each time you visit our website a web server makes a record of your visit. Specifically, it records your: Internet ProviderDate and time of your visitPages accessed and the documents downloadedSearch items enteredReferring URLs (universal locators)Using and disclosing your personal informationWe respect your privacy. Any personal information which we collect about you will be used and disclosed by us so that we can provide you with the services that you have requested, or otherwise to enable us to carry out our function as ministers of religion.We may also use your personal information to provide you with information about other services offered by us (such as evangelistic church services or church missions). If you would prefer not to receive this information, please let us know and we will respect your request.Contracting out services and disclosuresWe may disclose your personal information to our service entities and contract out some of our functions (such as mailing) to external service providers. We may disclose your personal information to these external service providers but only so that they can provide the services that we have contracted out to them.Access to your personal informationIn most cases, you can gain access to personal information that we hold about you. We will handle requests for access to your personal information generally in accordance with the NPPs.We encourage all requests for access to your personal information to be directed to the Administrator by email admin@stlukesliverpool.org.au or by writing to the address below.We will deal with all requests for access to personal information as quickly as possible. Requests for a large amount of information, or information which is not currently in use, may require further time before a response can be given. In some cases, consistently with the NPPs, we may refuse to give you access to personal information we hold about you. This includes circumstances where giving you access: Would be unlawful (for example, where a record which contains personal information about you is subject to a claim for legal professional privilege by one of our clients)Would have an unreasonable impact on other people's privacyWould prejudice negotiations we are having with youWould prejudice an investigation of unlawful activityWould prejudice activities carried out by, or for, a law enforcement agencyIf we refuse to give you access we will provide you with reasons for our refusal. Generally, if you request us to do so we will amend any personal information about you held by us which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. If we disagree with your view about the accuracy, completeness or currency of a record of your personal information held by us, and you ask us to associate with that record a statement that you have a contrary view, we will take reasonable steps to do so.If you would like more information about the way we manage personal information that we hold about you, or are concerned that we may have breached your privacy and wish to make a complaint, please contact us:Email: admin@stlukesliverpool.org.auMail: Please attention "Administrator" PO Box 384, Liverpool  BC 1871Fax: (02) 9602 1209Changes to our privacy policyFrom time to time it may be necessary for us to review and revise our privacy policy. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. We may notify you about changes to this privacy policy by posting an updated version on our website www.stlukesliverpool.org.au.