http://www.tibet-foundation.org/privacy-policy
Cart
0
About us
OUR WORK
Appeals
Impact
Events
News
Donate
Back
Our Vision
Our Team
Contact
FAQS
Back
Overview
Aid to Tibet
Tibetans in Exile
Buddhism in Mongolia
Art & Culture
Back
Give Elders Dignity
Back
Our Impact
Success Stories
Tibet Foundation Privacy Policy  Our vital work to improve the lives of poor Tibetans and ensure the survival of their unique culture depends on the generosity of private individuals like you. Because our ongoing relationship with you is so crucial, we wish to be completely transparent about our lawful processing of the personal details we request when you support us.The processing of your information is carried out by or on behalf of Tibet Foundation, which is a registered charity in England and Wales (292400). The website, https://www.tibet-foundation.org/, is owned and operated by Tibet Foundation. Our legal basis for processing your data is that you have provided consent or because we consider we have a legitimate interest to do so. Other reasons may include a legal obligation or to fulfil contractual obligations.What details we ask for and whyTo fulfil our charitable objectives, there are minimum levels of information we need to obtain for different purposes. Information we collect from youWhen you interact with us using any media or in person, we collect personal information from you which may include: Personal details (name, postal address, telephone number, email address, etc.);Financial information (payment information such as credit/debit card or direct debit details, and Gift Aid status);Details of your involvement in our sponsorship programme;Records of queries you raise with us;Your IP address.To ensure that the data we hold about you is accurate, we may occasionally use information sources in the public domain to verify your details, such as your postal address. Information from third partiesWe may receive information through third-party websites such as Eventbrite or JustGiving. They will share data on the basis of their own data policies, so we advise you to check these.How your information is usedTibet Foundation uses your information in order to:Provide you with services, products or information you have requested;Process donations or support for your fundraising, including processing Gift Aid;Send you follow-up directly relevant to particular activities, including letting you know how your donation has helped;
Maintain databases of our members, supporters and volunteers;Better understand your relationship with us (e.g. as a child sponsor);Help us respect your choices and preferences (e.g. if you opt out of marketing material);
Monitor website use and identify ways to improve the site;Comply with applicable laws and charity regulation.
Data disclosure We will never share your data for others’ marketing purposes. You will not receive offers from other companies or organisations as a result of giving your details to us.We may need to share limited information with our service providers who help us to prepare and send you our communications or process your donations and other responses. However, we do not allow these organisations to use your data for their own purposes and we take care to ensure that they keep your data secure.Changing how we communicate with you If at any time you wish to change how we communicate with you, please do get in touch, using one of the following options:Write to: Tibet Foundation, Hamilton House, Mabledon Place, London WC1H 9BBEmail: changes@tibet-foundation.orgCall: 020 7930 6001 (Mon-Fri 1000-1800).Your legal rightsYou remain in control of your personal data held by Tibet Foundation. Under the General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data Protection Act 2018, you have the right to:Confirmation of whether or not we have your personal data and, if we do, to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold (this is known as a data subject access request);Have your data erased (unless we need to continue to use the data for a lawful reason);Have inaccurate data rectified;Object to your data being used for marketing or profiling; andObtain from us, in a common electronic format, personal data you have provided that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract.
Within one month of receiving your request to exercise these rights, we are legally obliged to respond with information on the action we have taken.Please be aware that there are exceptions to these rights and, while we will always try to fulfil any related requests, there may be situations where we are unable to do so. If you would like further information, or to exercise your rights, please write to the Director at Tibet Foundation, Hamilton House, Mabledon Place, London WC1H 9BB, or email info@tibet-foundation.org.Should you be unhappy with our response, or you believe your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can refer the matter to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk).CookiesTibet Foundation uses cookies on its website. Cookies are small text files on your device (computer, smart phone etc). They are made by your web browser when you visit a website. Every time you go back to that website, your browser will send the cookie file back to the website’s server. They improve your experience of using a website – for example, by remembering your preference settings and by measuring your use of a website to ensure that it meets your needs. Cookies can also be used to show you relevant Tibet Foundation content on social media services such as Facebook – these are known as ‘retargeting’ or ‘advertising’ cookies. For information on the types of cookies we use, how we use them and how you can control your cookie preferences, see Tibet Foundation’s Cookies Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy We will occasionally amend this Privacy Policy to ensure it is up to date and accurately reflects our use of your personal data. The current version of our Privacy Policy will always be available on our website.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 3rd February, 2020.Thank you for supporting Tibet Foundation.