http://www.insidehousing.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
CoronavirusFinanceDevelopmentRegulationMore topics
NewsIH LiveCommentInsightNewsletters
Subscribe
Jobs
Events
CIH
Search
Search
Login
My Account
CoronavirusFinanceDevelopmentRegulationMore topics
NewsIH LiveCommentInsightNewsletters
Subscribe
Jobs
Events
CIH
Search
Search
Login
My Account
Register
Login
Terms and Conditions
Copyright Notice
This website and its content is copyright of “[Ocean Media]” - © “[Ocean Media]” 2017. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on line. We use secure server software (SSL) for encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
Liability
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Technical Issues
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Inside Housing takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Other Websites
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website you should note that we do not have any control over those external websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and read the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
In addition, if you have linked to this website from a third party website, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party website and recommend that you check the policy of that third party website and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
Subscriptions
Please refer to the Subscriptions terms and conditions
Community standards
Inside Housing offers a place for housing professionals to discuss and debate, to connect with peers, and to share knowledge and resources. We strongly encourage readers to build their profile and to comment using real names. We believe this is important to promoting honest and open debate and we think it benefits users by helping you to identify like-minded peers.We encourage users to take part in informed and lively debate, to share relevant experiences and to sign post useful resources/links related to the article in hand. By commenting on an Inside Housing article, you are agreeing to follow the content and spirit of the following user guidelines:Everyone is welcome: Inside Housing is for all housing professionals, and all subscribers and CIH members are encouraged to comment. Please make sure that peers feel welcome by using a polite, friendly and encouraging tone, and by avoiding in-jokes and references that may be off-putting.We encourage constructive and challenging debate: we welcome polite informed debate and reasoned criticism that genuinely seeks to challenge perceptions and develop thinking in the sector. We encourage concise and focused comments because these are most conducive to generating debate and conversation. Please maintain respect and courtesy for other site users at all times: by all means attack arguments and ideas, but not people. Hostile or insulting messages, or attacks on individuals (either those mentioned in an article or fellow commenters) is not permitted. Please be aware that that you may be misunderstood or tone may be misinterpreted and give others the benefit of the doubt. Keep it relevant and accurate: please discuss the specifics of the story and avoid generalisations in order to keep debates useful and informative. Views from all points on the political spectrum are welcome, but please avoid ingrained partisanship, generalisations and hyperbolic references. Personal insults, racism, sexism, homophobia, and discrimination are not allowed. Please feel free to disagree with articles, but do not misrepresent Inside Housing or our journalists. Off-topic or generalised/controversial comments intended to bait other site users will be considered to be trolling and are not permitted. Please don’t encourage trolling: if someone is being repeatedly hostile please ignore them. If it is serious, report them: if you feel uncomfortable others are likely to too.Share your knowledge and experience: as well as debate and discussion, we also encourage users to share relevant information that may be of interest to others. This includes sharing experiences/observations and adding additional information or context to a story. You are welcome to sharing best practice, reading material and data, including links to external websites. Sharing solutions and ideas is also encouraged. If it is related to the story and will be of practical interest to other readers in their roles, you are encouraged to share it. Site etiquette: please be considerate of other users at all times. Keep posts manageable and avoid excessive use of ALL CAPS. Please don’t duplicate posts. Libellous and defamatory statements are not permitted, and neither are spam or advertisements. Please report anything untoward. We reserve the right to remove comments that break our guidelines and may remove commenting abilities from persistent offenders. If part of a comment breaches our rules we’ll remove the whole comment to avoid the risk of changing the meaning. We may need to remove related comments to maintain the flow of the conversation.
Forums and comments
You may only use Ocean Media Ltd forums for legal purposes and for your own personal use and not for profit or commercial purposes.
You may not use Ocean Media Ltd forums, or its services to publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, or otherwise unlawful material or information, including another’s proprietary information, including trademarks or copyrighted information (other than where you have a licence to do so). Additionally, you may not use Ocean Media Ltd forums to collect or harvest personal information, including internet addresses, about users of Ocean Media Ltd.
While using Ocean Media Ltd forums you must treat other users and subscribers with respect. In addition you must not: discriminate, abuse or incite hatred on the basis of gender, sexuality, race, religion, nationality or any other personal characteristic; post private details such as postal addresses; impersonate another person or falsely claim to represent an organisation or another individual.
You must respect confidentiality at all times and not disclose information about yourself, your organisation, other people or other organisations which is confidential.
Ocean Media Ltd reserves the right to delete postings or user accounts.
The views and opinions expressed on Ocean Media Ltd forums are not those of held by Ocean Media Ltd. Ocean Media Ltd does not take responsibility for any statements made or opinions expressed on its forums. Any misuse of Ocean Media Ltd forums should be reported to support@insidehousing.co.uk and marked with the web site name and a short comment on your concerns.
Forum disclaimer
The statements and opinions expressed in the forum postings on this website are the statements and opinions of the individual contributors and not of Inside Housing, Ocean Media Limited or any of their officers or employees. Inside Housing, Ocean Media Limited, their officers and employees are not liable for any defamatory, offensive or erroneous material or material which is in breach of copyright, and which is posted by any third party on this website. All content is granted to Ocean Media Limited with perpetual publishing rights.
Ask the experts forum
Any advice given from the panel is for your general guidance. Panel members, Inside Housing, Ocean Media Limited or any of their officers or employees are not responsible for any erroneous advice given. If you need details on your rights or legal advice about actions to take on any housing issue, you should contact a qualified advisor or solicitor.
About usSubscribeContact usDigital editionsEmail alertsForward featuresHow to pitch featuresHow to pitch comment pieces
Privacy statement
Cookie policy
Corporate subscriptions
FAQs
Subscriptions terms and conditions
General terms and conditions
For general enquiries you can contactInside Housing at:3rd Floor, 4 Harbour Exchange Square,Isle of Dogs,London,E14 9GETel: 0207 772 8300
© 2020 Inside HousingAll rights reserved