http://www.umhef.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
800-811-8110
Make a difference: DONATE NOW
Who We Are
UMHEF Partners
UM Schools
Board of Trustees
Our Leadership and Staff
Job Openings at UMHEF
Scholarships
Dollars for Scholars
General Named Endowed Scholarships
Other Scholarships
How to Apply
Resources
Forms
Scholar Updates
Media Resources
FAQs
Ways to Give
Individuals
Aldersgate Society
Churches
Schools and Conferences
Endowments
Give Now
UMHEF Homecoming: Virtual Celebration
Stories
Contact
MENU
SEARCH
Call
Privacy Policy
General
The United Methodist Higher Education Foundation’s website is
for informational purposes only and is offered as a convenience for our
customers. We make no warranty or guarantee regarding the accuracy or
reliability of the content on this site. The United Methodist Higher Education
Foundation’s office shall not be liable for errors or for any damages in
connection with the use of the information appearing on this or other
referenced websites.
By using the information, services and products available
through this website, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions
of use as set forth herein.
Collection of Personal
Information
When you engage in activities on this site, you may be asked to
provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an
online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities.
Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask
you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not
provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not
be able to engage in that activity online. Instead, you will need to use a
non-Web option for transacting that business with the United Methodist Higher
Education Foundation.
Protection of Your
Personal Information
The United Methodist Higher Education Foundation recognizes and
appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this
site. Information may be saved for a designated period of time in order to
comply with the State of Florida’s archiving policies. However, information will
not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required
by state or federal law.
Use of Cookies
When you visit the United Methodist Higher Education Foundation’s
Website, you can surf the site anonymously and access information without
revealing your identity. In order to improve our site, we may use “cookies” to
assist your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your
browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.
It can function as your identification card, recording your passwords,
purchases, and preferences. However, it cannot be executed as code or deliver
viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set
your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to
decide whether or not to accept it.
For some Web pages that require an authorization, cookies are
not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to
access those pages. While certain Web pages use cookies to assist your visit to
the United Methodist Higher Education Foundation Website, and while our Web
servers automatically log the IP address of your computer, this information
does not identify you personally, and you remain anonymous unless you have
otherwise provided personal information to a specific Web page.
User Accounts
When registering to use a feature, it is solely your
responsibility to keep your private account information, such as username and
password, secure. You must not disclose your private account information to
anyone except other authorized persons.
You are entirely liable for all activities conducted through
your account. You agree to immediately notify the United Methodist Higher
Education Foundation of any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of
security.
The United Methodist Higher Education Foundation will never ask
you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail.
Also remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window whenever
you have finished your work.
Security
Data transmission over the Internet is not guaranteed to be 100%
secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, the United
Methodist Higher Education Foundation cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
information transmitted to us or received from our online products or services.
Once we receive a transmission, we make our best effort to ensure it is secure
on our systems.
Your Responsibilities
You are responsible for all charges associated with connecting
to the Internet. You agree that any telephone or other communications fees and
charges incurred are your sole responsibility.
Prohibited Uses
As a user of the United Methodist Higher Education Foundation’s
website, you agree to use this service only for its lawful, intended purposes.
Use of this service for transmission, distribution, retrieval, or storage of
any information, data, or other material in violation of any applicable law or
regulation is prohibited. You also agree not to use the service to:
Provide false information or to impersonate someone else;Distribute computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system;Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law.
System and Network
Security
Violations of system or network security of the service are
prohibited, and may subject you to criminal and/or civil liability. The United
Methodist Higher Education Foundation will investigate potential security
violations, and may notify applicable law enforcement agencies if violations
are suspected.
You may not attempt to circumvent the authentication procedures
or security of any host, network, network component, or account to access data,
accounts, or systems that you are not expressly permitted to access.
You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with service to
any other user.
Violation of Terms of Use
In the event of any violation of the terms contained herein, the
United Methodist Higher Education Foundation reserves the right to suspend or
terminate, either temporarily or permanently, any or all services provided.
Users who violate terms contained herein may additionally incur criminal and/or
civil liability. The United Methodist Higher Education Foundation may refer
violators to civil or criminal authorities for prosecution.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold the United Methodist Higher
Education Foundation and its subsidiaries, affiliates, telecommunications
providers, service providers, officers, employees and agents harmless from any
claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including attorneys’ fees, related
to a user’s violation of the terms and conditions or the use of the services
and information provided at this Website.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will the United Methodist Higher Education
Foundation, its suppliers, its service providers, or other third party
affiliates be liable for any damages whatsoever including but not limited to:
Direct, indirect, incidental punitive and consequential damages arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this service;Any Websites linked to the service, the materials or information contained at any or all such sites;Content anywhere on the internet, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory;Including without limitation those damages resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption;Aggregate liability of the United Methodist Higher Education Foundation or any of its suppliers, service providers, or third party affiliates.
In no event shall the United Methodist Higher Education
Foundation be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential,
special and exemplary damages, or any damages whatsoever, arising from the use
or performance of this Website or from any information, services or products
provided through this Website, even if the United Methodist Higher Education
Foundation has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
If you are dissatisfied with this Website, or any portion
thereof, your exclusive remedy shall be to stop using the website.
Termination
If a user’s conduct fails to conform to the letter or spirit of
these terms and conditions or if the United Methodist Higher Education
Foundation believes the user’s conduct may create liability for its affiliates,
then that user’s service will be terminated.
The United Methodist Higher Education Foundation reserves the
right to restrict access of any user of this service and may at any time in its
sole discretion with or without notice and with or without cause immediately
deny access to the service and may remove all account information.
Disclaimer of Warranties
This service is provided by the United Methodist Higher
Education Foundation on an “as is” basis. Neither the United Methodist Higher
Education Foundation nor its partners, providers, or affiliates make any
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the
operation of the service, its contents, or any information made available by or
through the service.
The United Methodist Higher Education Foundation disclaims all
warranties, expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or any
infringement. Furthermore, the United Methodist Higher Education Foundation does
not warrant that use of the service will not be interrupted, available at any
time or from any location, secured and error-free. Corrected defects are not
warrantable and the service is not guaranteed free of viruses or other harmful
components.
umhef@umhef.org
P.O. Box 340005
Nashville, TN 37203-0005
615-649-3990
800-811-8110 toll free
Board of TrusteesLogin
©2020 UMHEF. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Policy |
Privacy Policy
Site by KMA.
To continue using our website, you must agree to our use of cookies. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.