https://www.veggiedate.org/privacy.cfm
Login
home
search
testimonials
join now!
Open Heart Dating Privacy Policy
Open Heart Dating, the owner and operator of VeggieDate, is committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected. We respect your privacy, and the protection of both our current and former users' privacy is very important to us. This policy outlines our position on user privacy, and the practices we take to ensure that privacy.
This policy shall only apply to your activities and transactions on the VeggieDate website (the "Site"), and does not apply to any other website or linked point of contact between VeggieDate, or any other company, entity, or individuals that are not owned or directly controlled by Open Heart Dating. Please note that Open Heart Dating reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. Notification of any modification shall be displayed on the Site. Each time you visit the Site, or provide the Site with information, you are accepting and agreeing to this privacy policy, and the practices outlined herein. Should you have any questions or concerns with the content on this Site, or with this privacy policy, you may contact VeggieDate
Open Heart Dating shall take reasonable security measures to protect against the loss or misuse of our users' private information, however we can not and do not warrant or guarantee that the measures taken may not be compromised. Open Heart Dating collects personal information from you, including but not limited to, your name, address, email address, phone number, gender, username, password, and age or date of birth.
Open Heart Dating shall not disclose your private email address to other members you correspond with. Open Heart Dating shall not sell or license private information about you to anyone. With the exception of material you release for public posting in accordance with your profile's Privacy Settings, Open Heart Dating shall not disclose the information you provide to any third party without your consent, unless required by law or as provided for herein. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18) or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which they reside, and we require all users represent to us that they are at least eighteen (18) years old, or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which they reside.
Open Heart Dating also collects certain financial information, including your credit card number, for accounting purposes.
When purchasing a membership your information is encrypted and sent securely over the internet to the appropriate payment processor. Your credit card or other form of payment information is not stored in our database, however it may be stored in our Payment Card Industry compliant merchant processor's system, or if you choose to pay using PayPal, in their system. Your personal and financial information may be provided to a third party in order to comply with legal requirements, law enforcement agencies, court or other judicial orders, or to protect the interests or safety of Open Heart Dating, VeggieDate, or other visitors to the Site, from alleged harassment, injury, spam, scams or other abuse, and as necessary to collect payment or other debt, or to defend Open Heart Dating or VeggieDate in pending or proposed litigation or claims.
Payment | Links | Events Calendar | Advertisers | About | Terms of Service | Billing Agreement | Privacy Policy |
Contact
Copyright © 1999-2020 Open Heart Dating
All rights reserved.