http://www.transalt.org/privacypolicy
ABOUT
GET INVOLVED
NEWS
RESOURCES
EVENTS
DONATE
Back
Learn More
Our Story
Staff and Leadership
Families for Safe Streets
Financial Info
Careers
Contact
FAQ
Back
Take Action
Our Campaigns
Activist Training
Become a Member
Join a Committee
For Crash Victims
Subscribe
Shop
Back
Latest News
Press Room
Our Writing
Reclaim Magazine
Back
Reports
Testimony
Biking in NYC
Bike Match
Back
Calendar
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for your interest in Transportation Alternatives (TA). TA staff, volunteers, activists and members are committed to street safety in New York. Our mission is to reclaim New York City's streets from the automobile, and to advocate for bicycling, walking and public transit as the best transportation alternatives. About this Privacy PolicyTA has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web sites. The following discloses TA’s practices related to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. TA Web site(s) (Sites) in this Privacy Policy include, but are not limited to, transalt.org, my.transalt.org and bikenyc.org. Additionally, your communication with TA through third party websites and media including, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter, are subject to the privacy policies of those sites.In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. TA reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy by posting such changes on our Sites. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. Your use of or visit to our Sites, your subscription to our email lists and your request to make a donation constitute your informed consent and acceptance with these stated personal information practices and this Privacy Policy.If you have any questions or comments concerning our personal information management practices, please contact us at info@transalt.org or 212 629-8080.Your Personal InformationOur registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests and similar information. Once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous to TA.To process donations and membership transactions, TA uses a third party vendor for processing credit card information. TA does not request or store sensitive information from our visitors such as social security numbers. If you choose to provide your credit card information to TA we will use that information for the purposes for which it was provided. Through our Sites TA collects your credit card information via a secure, encrypted form, and our third party vendor stores that information in a secure and fully encrypted format.How TA Uses Your InformationTA may use your information to process and respond to TA mission-related inquiries and for the purposes for which you provided the information, such as to process donations, register or renew you as a member, for you to purchase merchandise, or receive information about a project; to personalize the content of email and personalize the content and improve the navigability of the Sites; and to alert you to new projects, features on Sites, special events, surveys and services.If you are making a donation in honor or memory of someone, we will not use his or her personal information for any purpose other than to send an acknowledgment.If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about TA or our Sites, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. TA will automatically send the friend an email inviting them to visit the Site. TA stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this email invitation.SharingTA never rents or sells your contact information (email, phone number, postal address). Your information is only used for communications and work directly related to TA.SecurityOn our donation pages, please make note of the domain name in your Website address bar. The name there begins with "https," which indicates that the page is encrypted. Encryption actually makes your online donation more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store, restaurant, or any other place of business.All information provided to TA is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of TA. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.Other Web SitesOur Sites contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which Transportation Alternatives has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.Internet Protocol AddressWe collect an IP address from all visitors to our Sites. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Sites, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the Sites, and deliver customized, personalized content. TA does not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.Use of “Cookies”Our Sites may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies it is possible that some areas of our Sites will not function properly when you view them.Email Opt OutIf you would like to opt out of email communications at any time, you can click the Unsubscribe link included at the bottom of every TA email communication. You may also contact us at info@transalt.org or 212 629-8080 at any time to be removed from our distribution list.Correspondence through e-mail, Facebook, Twitter and moreIf you choose to correspond with us through e-mail, Facebook, Twitter, an online chat forum or other similar electronic communications tool, we may retain the content of your message together with your e-mail address, other identifying user information and our responses.Photography and Depictions at EventsTA photographs its events in public as well as private venues. Your photograph, likeness and name may be used for promotional purposes in furtherance of our mission as a non-profit organization. We use these photographs and depictions only for communications and work directly related to TA.You may share your photography from TA events with us by emailing us at info@transalt.org. By sharing your photographs, you give TA authorization to use your images for promotional purposes in furtherance of our mission. As a practice, we credit photographers in all digital and print publications.Other / GeneralOur supporters’ goodwill and generosity are very important to us and so is your privacy. If you feel that your privacy has been violated or that TA has misused your information in any way, please contact us.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us:Transportation Alternatives111 John Street, Suite 260New York, NY 10038Phone: 212 629-8080Email: info@transalt.org