https://www.transgenderzone.com/terms.htm
Toggle navigation
Forum
Media
Blog
FTM
Library
Guides
Social
Awards
18+
Terms and Conditions of Service
Copyright
& Disclaimer
Disclaimer
Many of the articles and images have been and are supplied by third
parties. Credits are given where possible, however if a credit has been
accidentally omitted please email the credit
and details.  If a download has been posted in good faith and you
are the copyright owner and would like it to be removed please email
with the details. All downloads have been scanned for viruses and are
considered safe. However, you are advised to scan all your downloads
with a good quality virus checker. This Transgender Zone accept no
responsibility for any problems whatsoever you may incur with any
downloads you take from this site or any linked from this site.
All rights, including copyright and database right, in the Transgender
Zone's website and its contents, are owned by or licensed to the
Transgender Zone, or otherwise used by the Transgender Zone as permitted
by applicable law - e.g. Fair Dealings information sharing.
The Transgender Zone  is
not responsible for the content of external sites linked to it in any
way whatsoever. "Fair Dealings" Under the Act's
"fair dealing" provisions, copying of copyright material is
permitted only; For the purpose of criticism or review.  For the
purposes of research or private study. What may be copied is restricted
as follows: Periodicals: copying is restricted to a single copy
of not more than one article in any one issue. Books and thesis: copying
is restricted to a single copy of not more than a reasonable proportion
of any work (up to 10% of the whole), unless the owner of copyright has
given written permission to copy more.
In accessing the Transgender Zone's webpages, you agree that you will
access the contents solely for your own private use but not for any
commercial or public use. You can download and use the service on a
single CPU at a time and you can print out a single hard copy of any
part of the content on the Transgender Zone's website for your personal
use.
Except as permitted above, you undertake not to copy, store in any
medium (including in any other website), distribute, transmit,
re-transmit, broadcast, modify, or show in public any part of the
Transgender Zone's website without the prior written permission of the
Transgender Zone or in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and
Patents Act 1988.
Terms and Conditions
Access to, and use of, this site is provided by the Transgender Zone
subject to the following Terms and Conditions:
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and
conditions, which take effect immediately on your first use
of the site. The Transgender Zone reserves the right to
change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes
online.
You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted
online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use
of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of
this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
Material may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded,
posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way except for your own
personal non-commercial home use. Any other use requires the prior
written permission of the Transgender Zone. You agree not to adapt,
alter or create a derivative work from any of the material contained
in this site or use it for any other purpose other than for your
personal non-commercial use unless it clearly stipulates a creative
commons licence to the contrary. You agree to use this site only for
lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights
of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any
third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without
limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause
distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of
obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of
dialogue within this site.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and
icons regarding or relating to the Transgender Zone and/or tzone,
its products and services (or to third party products and services),
is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE"
basis without any representation or endorsement made and without
warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not
limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness
for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security
and accuracy. In no event will the Transgender Zone and/or tzone be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or
consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or
loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract,
negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection
with the use of the site. The Transgender Zone and/or tzone does not warrant that the functions contained in the material
contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that
defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that
makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the
full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials. The
names, images and logos identifying the  the Transgender Zone and/or
tzone or third parties and their products and services are
proprietary marks of  the Transgender Zone and/or tzone. Nothing
contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication,
estoppel or otherwise any licence or right under any trademark or
patent of the  the Transgender Zone and/or tzone, or any other
third party.
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to this site
(including without limitation any text, graphics, video or audio)
you are required by such submission to grant  the Transgender
Zone and/or tzone a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
sublicenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt,
publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute,
perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with
respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other
works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of
any rights that may exist in such content, consistent with privacy
restrictions set forth in  the Transgender Zone and/or tzone Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to grant such rights
to  the Transgender Zone and/or tzone, it is suggested that
you do not submit your contribution to this site. By submitting your
contribution to this site, you also:
Warrant that such contribution is your own original work and
that you have the right to make it available to the Transgender
Zone and/or tzone for all the purposes specified above;
Indemnify the Transgender Zone and/or
tzone against
all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred
by the Transgender Zone and/or tzone as a result of your
breach of the above warranty; and
Agree to waive any moral rights in your contribution for the
purposes of its submission to and publication on the Transgender
Zone and/or tzone and the other purposes
specified above.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions
and/or specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating
to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be
illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of
any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are
intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the
jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and
the remaining terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full
force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising here
from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts
of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do not
have permission to access the contents of this website and therefore
should cease using this website immediately.
© Transgender Zone