https://www.diversetraveller.com/legal-policy/
Legal Policy - Diverse Traveller
Sign inHomeNewsLegal PolicyReach Us Sign in Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password Forgot your password? Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
Search
Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password Forgot your password? Get helpPassword recoveryRecover your passwordyour email A password will be e-mailed to you.
Diverse Traveller
HomeNewsLegal PolicyReach Us
Home
Legal Policy Legal Policydiversetraveller.com (“diversetraveller.com”) operates diversetraveller.com website and may operate other websites. It is diversetraveller.com policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, diversetraveller.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. diversetraveller.com purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how diversetraveller.com visitors use its website. From time to time, diversetraveller.com may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.diversetraveller.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on diversetraveller.com website blogs/sites. diversetraveller.com only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to diversetraveller.com websites choose to interact with diversetraveller.com in ways that require diversetraveller.com to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that diversetraveller.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at diversetraveller.com website to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with diversetraveller.com are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, diversetraveller.com collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with diversetraveller.com. diversetraveller.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated Statisticsdiversetraveller.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. diversetraveller.com may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, diversetraveller.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Informationdiversetraveller.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on diversetraveller.com behalf or to provide services available at diversetraveller.com websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using diversetraveller.com websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. diversetraveller.com will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, diversetraveller.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when diversetraveller.com believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of diversetraveller.com, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an diversetraveller.com website and have supplied your email address, diversetraveller.com may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with diversetraveller.com and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. diversetraveller.com takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. diversetraveller.com uses cookies to help diversetraveller.com identify and track visitors, their usage of diversetraveller.com website, and their website access preferences. diversetraveller.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using diversetraveller.com websites, with the drawback that certain features of diversetraveller.com websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf diversetraveller.com, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that diversetraveller.com goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of diversetraveller.com may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by diversetraveller.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, diversetraveller.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in diversetraveller.com sole discretion. diversetraveller.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a diversetraveller.com website account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Search Quick NavigationHomeLegal PolicyNewsReach UsCategoriesDessertDreamHavanaMindTravel DestinationsTraveller RecsearchRecent post Dreams Come True Havana Wonderful Time Monaco on My Mind Desert Drivers Diverse Traveller Research Awe-Inspiring Travel Destinations Copyrights @ 2019 diversetraveller.com. All rights reserved.
Edit with Live CSS
SaveWrite CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.