http://www.zeya.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
Last updated: 12/02/2020
Zepos & Yannopoulos is committed to protecting the privacy of its website visitors. Please read the following policy to understand how we collect and use your personal data and the rights you have in relation to this data. Note that Zepos & Yannopoulos reserves the right to amend and update this policy from time to time, so please check this page periodically.
1. What personal data we collect?
You are not required to provide us with your personal data to access any area of this website. However, when you contact us by email or other means, when you choose to subscribe for receiving our newsletters or when you decide to apply for a job, we are going to collect your data, so that we can respond to your requests, send you our emails on news and updates on areas of your interest or process your job application.
2. How we use your personal data and for which purposes?
We will use your data for the below purposes:
a) When you sign up for our newsletter
If you decide to sign up for our newsletter, we will collect and use your name, work position, email address and your interests in specific areas of law, as these have been indicated by you, in order to send you our newsletters, event invitations and updates. The legal basis of the processing of your personal data lies in your consent. If you have subscribed to receiving newsletters and updates and you no longer wish to do so, you can, at any time, revoke your consent by sending an email at data.protection@zeya.com or you can opt-out at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” link in the emails that you receive from us. In such case, we will delete your personal data from the relevant database and we will no longer send you newsletters and other similar material.
b) When you contact us
Our website gives you the possibility to contact us by sending us an email, or a letter by traditional post or contacting us by phone. If you contact us for any matter, we will process the information you provide us, in order to contact you and handle any message, request, information or query that you have submitted. The personal data that we will process for that purpose are your name, surname, contact details provided by you and the contents of the message that you sent to us. In that case, the legal basis for processing your personal data will be the handling of your request and our overriding legitimate business interest to properly handle messages, requests, information or queries submitted by third parties. Any personal data that you have provided us when you contact us for submitting a message, request, information or query will be stored in our files until we can properly handle the relevant request.
c) When you apply for a job
Our website gives you the option to apply for a job by filling out an online application form and providing your CV. If you choose to provide us with your personal data in order to apply for a job, we will process such data, in order to evaluate your qualifications and process your application. The personal data that we will use are the ones provided by you, such as the information included in your CV, and your contact details. The processing of your personal data in such case is based on our legitimate interest to properly evaluate job applications and make informed decisions on new recruitments and, in case that you are an eligible candidate, to take the necessary steps prior to entering into an employment contract with you. Should your qualifications and experience match those required for the opening you applied for or any of our current openings, we will contact you. Otherwise, we will keep your CV for a maximum period of one (1) year.
3. Which cookies we use in our website?
We use cookies on this website. For more information, please see our cookie policy.
4. How we share and how we protect your personal data?
The security of your personal data is of utmost importance to us. We are committed to maintaining the highest technical and organisational measures to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of personal data and to keep such secure against unauthorised access, misuse, disclosure, unlawful destruction or loss.
We will not share or disclose your personal data to any third party except from our trusted service providers, including IT entities and advertising agencies who act on behalf and under the instructions of our firm and are bound to comply with all necessary technical and organisational measures for the protection of your personal data. In case that we transfer your personal data to service providers which are located outside the European Union and the European Economic Area, we will do so in full compliance with the data protection legislation and on the basis of an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission or other sufficient safeguards, including the execution of model clauses with the services providers receiving your personal data.
5. What are your rights?
You have the right to request a copy of all data we hold for you. Before disclosing any personal data to you, we may request verification of your identity. You also have the right to have your data erased or rectified and the right to restrict and to object to the processing of your personal data by our firm. Additionally, you have the right to withdraw your consent from receiving marketing materials from our firm. In addition, you have the right to receive the personal data that we keep for you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have them transmitted to another company suggested by you without hindrance from our firm. The above rights can be exercised by sending an email to the email address provided hereunder.
If you consider that our firm violates the applicable data protection laws when processing your personal data, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Hellenic Data Protection Authority (www.dpa.gr).
6. Contact us
If you wish to exercise any of your rights above or you have any questions or concerns in relation to this policy, please send us an email at data.protection@zeya.com