http://www.experts.com/privacy
Sections
Home
Expert Witnesses
Consultants
Expert Answers
Expertise
Expert Witnesses Categories
Consultants Categories
Articles
All Articles
Accident Prevention & Safety
Lubricants
Aerosols - Aerosol Products
Market Research
Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)
Marketing
Amusement Parks
Nursing
Appraisal & Valuation
OSHA
Casinos - Gambling - Gaming
Pain Management
Chemical Industry
Patents
Computers
Politics
Control Systems
Postal Services
Cosmetology: Hair / Makeup
Public Speaking
Damages
Radiology
Data Analytics and Visualization
Research Methodology
Discovery & Electronic Discovery
Retirement Planning
Elder Abuse
Search Engine Optimization
Electrical - Electrocution
Security
Exercise Equipment
Sexual Abuse - Molestation - Harassment
Eyewitness Testimony
Slip, Trip & Fall
Failure Analysis
Social Media
Forensics
Social Psychology
Forgery & Fraud
Taxation
Franchising
Telecommunication
Intellectual Property
Terrorism - Homeland Security
Jails - Prisons - Correctional Facilities
Travel & Leisure
Laws & Procedures
Trial Presentations - Demonstrative Evidence
Logistics - Reverse Logistics
Trusts & Estates
More...
Resources
All Resources
Books
Resources on the Web
Blog
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Experts.com features Member articles and case scenarios free of charge for Premium and above Memberships. Contact Us if you are interested in having your work published on our website and linked to your Profile(s).
Sections
Home
Expert Witnesses
Consultants
Expert Answers
Expertise
Expert Witnesses Categories
Consultants Categories
Articles
All Articles
Accident Prevention & Safety
Industrial Equipment
Aerosols - Aerosol Products
Industrial Precision Cleaning
Anger Management & Related Issues
International Trade
Animals
Internet Marketing
Arms - Guns - Weapons
Islamic & Sharia Law
Automotive - Vehicular
Jails - Prisons - Correctional Facilities
Biokinetics
Land Mapping - Surveying - Zoning
Biomechanics
Laws & Procedures
Blockchain Information
Market Research
Branding - Brand Management
Materials
Business Management
Medical Physics
Common Interest Development
Multimedia
Computer Forensics
Pharmaceuticals
Computers
Public Speaking
Coverage Analysis
Retirement Planning
Elder Abuse
Scuba Diving
Engineering
Search Engine Optimization
Engines (Combustion - Diesel)
Securities
Environment
Security
Equipment Leasing
Slip, Trip & Fall
Finance
Speech-Language Pathology
Food & Beverage
Structured Settlements
Geology
Taxation
Human Resources
Telecommunication
Hyperbaric Medicine
Wilderness Emergency Medicine
More...
Resources
All Resources
Books
Resources on the Web
blog
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of Experts.com, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we gather it, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. Please read this statement. If you have any questions, please contact us at info@experts.com.
This web site may contain links to, and may be accessed from, other web sites. Experts.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites. This privacy statement applies only to Experts.com.
Information Experts.com Collects
Experts.com gathers two types of information about users: (1) personal information that users provide through optional, voluntary registrations and submissions; and (2) non-personal information that is gathered through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views and other uses throughout our site. The gathered information enables Experts.com to better serve its users' needs.
Manner In Which Experts.com Collects Information
Expert Registration. To be listed in Experts.com's premier expert Directory, an expert must register with the site and submit payment. To complete the registration process, Experts.com requests certain information from the expert. Some information is required, while some is optional:
To complete the expert registration process, experts must provide a means for Experts.com to contact the expert. Required information is identified as such and may include email address, phone number, street address, etc.
During the registration process, experts have the option of supplying various forms of personally identifiable information to be displayed in the Directory and viewed by the public. This information may include the name, street address, phone number, email address, web address, expertise, etc. The more optional information is provided, the better informed is the consumer about the expert’s services, expertise, location, fees, etc.
Visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected from visitors to our site who do not wish to register as an expert. Visitors are not required to register before they browse the expert profiles. However, visitors may voluntarily choose to contact representatives or registered members of the Experts.com web site. In this process, the visitor must provide Experts.com with personally identifiable information such as name, street address, and telephone number or email address. This information will only be used by Experts.com and will not be sold to mass marketers without prior consent.
Polls. From time to time, we may offer interactive polls to our registered experts or to visitors. Polls will be used to assess visitors’ and experts’ opinions of the web site, as well as to gauge audience opinions about proposed topics. At that time, the visitor or expert will have the option to supply the site with personally identifiable information or to provide their opinions anonymously.
Cookies. A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any portion of the Experts.com site. While Experts.com does not currently use cookies, we may utilize them in the future. On such occasion, we will clearly inform our users upon entry to the site.
Usage Tracking. Experts.com tracks user traffic patterns throughout the site. Sometimes, Experts.com tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in the various search engines on the site. Experts.com may also track information to determine how each page on the site performs (i.e., how often that page is visited or accessed by visitors and registered experts). But, the tracking and gathering of usage information are never associated with individual users.
Use Of Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information, which is aggregated from tracking various uses of the site, is used to assist in refining our listings, to better serve our experts and visitors, to enhance the users’ experience on our site, and to improve the web site’s performance. We may also use this information to offer special opportunities and promotions to our experts and visitors. Again, this information will not be associated with any individual user to be sold to mass marketers.
Use Of Personal Information
Enhance User Experience. Experts.com uses the personal information that is voluntarily given to us by our users to enhance their experience on the site. This may include providing to users an interactive or personalized experience on our site, or preparing future content based on the interests of our users.
Newsletters & Announcements. On occasion, Experts.com will provide registered experts with newsletters to inform experts of industry events, innovations and issues. Experts.com may also provide registered experts with announcements promoting new services provided by Experts.com.
Legal Matters. Should a situation arise where Experts.com is required by law or legal process to provide information regarding an Experts.com user, Experts.com will comply.
Opt Out Policy
Experts.com gives users the option, wherever necessary and practical, to opt-out of the use of their personally identifiable information for secondary uses (those that are not necessary to complete a transaction on our site). Such choices include:
The option not to provide certain personal information when registering on the site.
The option not to participate in certain interactive activities such as polls.
The option not to receive the Experts.com Newsletter, Announcements and other e-mails, except those that are necessary to maintain membership (i.e. reminders to experts to pay annual fees).
Access To Personal Information
Experts.com offers registered users the ability to access, modify or delete the information they have submitted to Experts.com during their registration. The instructions for doing this can be found in our Members Area. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Registered experts who are experiencing problems accessing this feature or have questions about this service can contact us at webmaster@experts.com.
Privacy Policy Changes
This privacy statement states our current practices and policies. If our practices change in the future, this statement will be updated and posted here so that you have the latest information on our data collection and use policies.
Featured resources
Cyclic and Collective
by Shawn Coyle
Dueling in Death's Backyard
by Thomas J. Berger, MD
Principles of Emergency Management:...
by Michael J. Fagel, PhD
Follow us
SECTIONS
Expert Witnesses
Consultants
Articles
Resources
Blog
ABOUT US
Our Story
Press Releases
Membership Information
FAQ
Awards
Testimonials
CONTACT US
Contact
Advertise
Request Expert
Our Facebook Page
Our Twitter Page
Partner With Us
LEGAL
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement