https://www.sarasotabayclub.net/privacy-policy
RESIDENCES
LIFESTYLE
LOCATION
HEALTHCARE
NEWS
GALLERY
CONTACT
FLOOR PLANS
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Freedom Senior Management operates the website www.SarasotaBayClub.net (“the Site”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) informs you of Freedom Senior Management’s policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information, as defined below, that Freedom Senior Management receives from users of the Site.
Collection and Use of Personal InformationWhile using the Site, you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address, and other information personal to you (“Personal Information”).Freedom Senior Management does not share or sell the Personal Information to any third parties, except as expressly provided herein. Freedom Senior Management uses the Personal Information for providing you with information about Freedom Senior Management and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of the Personal Information as provided in this Privacy Policy.Cookies“Cookies” are files with a small amount of data which include an anonymous unique identifier. “Cookies” are sent to your browser from the Site and stored on your personal computer. Like most other websites, Freedom Senior Management uses “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all “cookies” or to indicate when a “cookie” is sent from the Site. However, if you do not accept all “cookies”, you may not be able to use some portions of the Site.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us. Freedom Senior Management uses commercially acceptable means to protect the Personal Information it obtains during the collection and storage of such information. The Site is secured via encryption and the Personal Information is only accessible by Freedom Senior Management employees and/or marketing partners who need such information to perform their job duties. Notwithstanding these safeguards, information transmitted via the Internet is never 100% secure and Freedom Senior Management cannot guarantee its absolute security. LinksThe Site may contain links to other websites. Freedom Senior Management is not responsible for the content of, or the privacy of your information collected by, such websites. Freedom Senior Management encourages you to review each website’s privacy policies when you visit them.Changes to Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is effective as of October 23, 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect until further notice. Upon any change or modification in the terms of this Privacy Policy, the modified Privacy Policy will be immediately posted on the Site.Freedom Senior Management reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and advises you to review the Privacy Policy for any changes or modifications when you visit the Site. Your use of the Site constitutes your acknowledgement of and consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy that are in effect during such use of the Site. Material changes to this Privacy Policy will be delivered to you via e-mail or placed prominently on the Site.If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us immediately.
1301 N. Tamiami TrailSarasota, Florida 34236
General: 941-357-1147Sales: 941-552-3284
Contact Us »Careers »
Schedule A Visit »
Brochure »
Floor Plans & Pricing »
The Inn at Sarasota Bay Club »
Resident Calendar »
© 2020 Sarasota Bay Club  |  Privacy Policy  |  Web Design and Inbound Marketing by Nextiny