http://www.updatelegal.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Update Legal Privacy Policy
Update Legal respects your privacy, and is committed to protecting all personal information that is provided to us.  The following sections describe what personal information we collect, how we use it, and your options on how to correct or change that information.
How We Collect Information
We do not collect any personal information (name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide it.  When information is collected as part of the website registration process, downloading certain content, or via the contact us form, the visitor is asked to provide an email address among other information. The visitor, at their option, may voluntarily provide additional information, including personal, geographic and demographic information. In addition to the information provided by visitors, we may also collect information about visitors from third party sources. Furthermore, we monitor incoming and outgoing Web site traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers and to administer the Web site.
If you have submitted personal information and want it removed from our records, please contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this Privacy Statement.
How We Use Information
We store and use information provided by you to better understand your needs, as well as determine how we can improve our products and services, and Update Legal’s performance on the whole. With your permission, we may also use this information to contact you with announcements and promotions.
Update Legal does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website or conducting our business, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.  We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer that is used to exchange information with a website.  Update Legal uses cookies on its website to improve your user experience.  Our website does not collect or store your personal information in cookies, and a user may reject the use of cookies and still use any portion of our website.
How to Correct or Change Your Information
Your privacy and security are important to us.  If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, would like to be removed from a mailing list, or would like to update your information, please contact Update Legal at info@UpdateLegal-inc.com.