http://www.naqt.com/about/privacy-policy.jsp
About NAQT
Current: Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated on August 14, 2019.
NAQT collects data on schools who participate in academic competition, and contact information for coaches, players, and other personnel, from a variety of sources. We share the data in the following ways:
We post some information, especially contact information for team leaders (coaches, club presidents, etc.), on our website.
We sometimes send information to directors of tournaments using NAQT questions and to organizational partners for the purpose of promoting quiz bowl.
We may use data to help schools and players find out about quiz bowl opportunities, including local tournaments, national championships, practice material, and other topics of interest.
We may share data that are available on our public website in other forms at our discretion, on a one-time or ongoing basis.
We may share data that are not available on our public website if the data are anonymized and we reach a written understanding with the recipient(s) about how the data will be used and (potentially) published. We anticipate doing so primarily for academic research projects and for the development of resources that benefit the overall quiz bowl community.
We may issue press releases about our tournaments. These releases may include names, statistics, affiliations, and photographs of coaches, team leaders, and players.
We may share contact information for the leadership of teams registered for our national championships with media outlets and partners working to promote the teams’ accomplishments and participation, and/or to promote the championships themselves.
We do not license or share contact information for marketing purposes except as described above and/or as described on pages that gather information for other specific purposes (e.g., signing up to receive information from a marketing partner).
We honor requests from individuals to remove themselves from our marketing lists. We also accept such requests from parents and legal guardians of minors. We do not accept other third-party requests for removal. Requests should be sent to register@naqt.com.
We post results from tournaments. We are committed to preserving the history of quiz bowl and do not generally remove results. We may suppress results in extraordinary cases involving legal orders or the reasonable expectation of physical harm. We do not suppress results that are disappointing to or supposedly unrepresentative of a school or competitor. Contact results@naqt.com if you have an extremely compelling reason why certain results should be suppressed.
We collect data on how our website is used so that we can understand our customers’ (and prospective customers’) needs, make our website more useful, fix bugs, and otherwise improve the site. We do not share individual data with anyone else, although we use Google Analytics, so that service has access to the data. We may share aggregate data (e.g. total number of visitors in a given time period) with prospective sponsors or other organizations.