http://www.orthodoxresearchinstitute.org/terms_conditions.html
HOME
RESOURCES
Calendar
Encyclicals
Hierarchs
Links
Obituaries
Saints
Sermons
Services
ARTICLES
The Bible
Canon Law
Church History
Church Music
Dogmatics
Ecumenical Relations
Ethics
Family & Youth
Fasts & Feasts
Iconography
Liturgics
Miscellaneous
Missiology
Monasticism
Pastoral Theology
Patristics
Religious Education
Index of Articles
BOOKS
Bookstore
Catalog
Manuscripts
ABOUT ORI
TERMS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE
Our terms and conditions form the contract between you and Orthodox Research Institute (“us”, or “we”). You agree to be bound by them as a consequence of visiting and remaining on our website. If you do not agree with them, you should leave this website immediately.
This document is based on a model set drafted by, and provided under an attributable licence by online legal documents provider Net Lawman. The terms legally seek to protect our website and the content of it from misuse, while being fair to you, our valued visitor.
The aim of this site is to be a useful source of information – a reference for people interested in Orthodox Christianity. The Content may not represent the religious beliefs of all visitors. We aim to report truthfully, but in the event that the information on this website contradicts your views, we do not take responsibility for subjective offence caused to you.
The agreed terms are as follows:
1. Definitions
“Content” means all text and images that you encounter during your browsing experience of Our Website.
"Intellectual Property" means intellectual property (IP) owned by us, of every sort, whether registered or not in any country, including all kinds that come into existence after the day of your visit. These include, but are not limited to: unregistered marks, registered trademark, copyrights, domain names, as well as all rights derived from them.
“Our Website” means this website, whether accessed by mobile or fixed electronic devices, and which is owned or operated by us.
2. Use of the website by children
2.1 We encourage children to read our website and learn about Orthodox Christianity. However, we do not accept responsibility for children using the site without the permission of their parents or guardians.
2.2 We have checked our content and links to other sites, but do not guarantee that either is suitable for children in your country.
2.3 We do not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 18 years.
2.4 Any person of any age may freely access any page of Our Website. We do not check identities nor moderate Content.
2.5 It is you, not we, who provide access to Our Website for the children in your care. It is for you to check that the Content your children might see is suitable for them.
2.6 Where links are concerned, you may like to check the privacy policies of those sites where your children might visit frequently to see how they collect and use information.
2.7 Filter software may also be useful to you.
2.8 You now agree to waive any claim you may otherwise have against us on account of age-related suitability of our Content and to indemnify us against any claim made by any person on behalf of a child in your care.
3. Protection of our Intellectual Property
You agree that at all times you will:
3.1 not do anything which does or might reduce the value of our Intellectual Property (IP) or challenge our ownership of it.
3.2 notify us in writing of any suspected infringement of our IP. Any message or letter to us will remain confidential.
3.3 so far as concerns our work provided or made accessible by us to you, you will not:
3.3.1 copy, or make any change to any part of its code;
3.3.2 use it in any way not anticipated by this agreement;
3.3.3 give access to it to any other person than you, the licensee in this agreement;
3.3.4 in any way provide any information about it to any other person or generally.
3.4 not use our IP except directly as intended by this agreement or in our interest.
4. Disclaimers and limitation of liability
4.1 The law differs from one country to another. This paragraph applies so far as compliance to the applicable law allows.
4.2 All implied conditions, warranties and terms are excluded from this agreement. If in any jurisdiction an implied condition, warrant or term cannot be excluded, then this sub paragraph shall be deemed to be reduced in effect, only to the extent necessary to release that specific condition, warranty or term.
4.3 You are advised that our Content may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. This is inevitable in any large website. We have over 2,500 pages of information. We would be very grateful if you bring to our immediate attention, any that you find, and we shall try to correct them immediately.
4.4 Our Website contains links to other internet websites. We have neither power nor control over any such website. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be liable in any way for the Content of any such linked website, nor for any loss or damage arising from your use of any such website or from your buying services or goods via such a website.
4.5 The OrthodoxResearchInstitute.org website provided “as is”. We make no representation or warranty that it will be useful to you; of satisfactory quality; fit for a particular purpose; or available or accessible, without interruption, or without error.
4.6 We claim no expert knowledge in any subject. The information is provided with limited liability for its accuracy, for example, there may be an exclusion to the information we provide. We disclaim any obligation or liability to you arising directly or indirectly from information you take from Our Website.
4.7 We accept no responsibility for third party adverts that may be seen on Our Website;
4.8 We shall not be liable to you for any loss or expense which is:
indirect or consequential; or economic loss or other loss of turnover, profits, business or goodwill even if such loss was reasonably foreseeable or we knew you might incur it.
5. Other matters
5.1 In case of dispute, before either party appoints a lawyer or a law firm or starts litigation, he or she will have a legal obligation to seek recourse through alternative dispute resolution such as mediation.
5.2 If any term or provision of this agreement is at any time held by any jurisdiction to be void, invalid or unenforceable, then it shall be treated as changed or reduced, only to the extent minimally necessary to bring it within the laws of that jurisdiction and to prevent it from being void and it shall be binding in that changed or reduced form. Subject to that, each provision shall be interpreted as severable and shall not in any way affect any other of these terms.
5.3 No failure or delay by any party to exercise any right, power or remedy will operate as a waiver of it nor indicate any intention to reduce that or any other right in the future.
5.4 The validity, construction and performance of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom and you agree that any dispute arising from it shall be litigated only in that jurisdiction.
Privacy Policy and Notice
The following text constitutes our privacy notice. If you have any questions about it, please contact us.
The aim of this notice is to inform you of our policy about all of the information that we collect about you. It covers both information that could identify you and information that could not.
We aim to protect your privacy as well as your confidentiality. We, like you, are concerned to know that our data will not be used for any purpose that we do not intend, and that it will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party. We aim to apply the same principles to the data we collect about you as we expect of other websites which collect data about us.
Our policy is both specific and strict. As far as we are aware, it complies with the laws of all legal jurisdictions in which this website is accessible. If you think our policy could be improved or that we have not followed it, please let us know.
We regret that if there are any matters below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to effect the termination of your browser or otherwise leave our website immediately.
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any personally identifiable information collected.
This is a list of the information we collect from you and why it is necessary to collect it.
1. Your personal information
This is a reference site, and does not ask you for personal information. Since we are not a retailer, we do not ask for credit card or payment information.
Information that does not identify you as an individual may be used in a general way by us or third parties, to provide class information, for example relating to demographics or usage of a particular page or service.
We keep information that forms part of our business record for a minimum of six years. That is because we may need it in some way to support a claim or defence in court.
2. Website usage information
We may use software embedded in our website (such as JavaScript) to collect information about pages you view and how you have reached them, what you do when you visit a page, the length of time you remain on the page, and how we perform in providing content to you. We do not presently associate such information with an identifiable person.
3. Third party advertising
Third parties may advertise on our website. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects information about you such as your IP address when they send an advertisement that appears on our site to your browser. They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts. We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
4. Information we obtain from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we do receive data which is indirectly made up from your personal information, from software services such as Google Analytics and others. No such information is identifiable to you.
5. Cookies
Cookies are text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device by your browser when you visit any website. They are widely used to provide user functionality, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Like all other users of cookies, we may request the return of information from your computer or browsing device when you request content from our server. Cookies enable our server to identify you to us, and to track your actions and the pages you visit while you use our website. The cookies we use may last for a single visit to our site (they are deleted from your computer when you close your browser), or may remain on your computer until you delete them or until a defined period of time has passed.
Although your browser software enables you to disable cookies, we recommend that you allow the use of cookies in order to take advantage of the features of our website that rely on their use. If you prevent their use, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our website. Here are the ways we use cookies:
5.1. to record whether you have accepted the use of cookies on our website, to comply with the law. If you have chosen not to accept them, we shall not use them, but unfortunately, our website will not work well for you.
5.2. to allow essential parts of our website to operate for you.
5.3. to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to improve your experience of our site. This cookie collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they visited.
6. Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us. We use that information to resolve your issue. If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the qualifying information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
7. Disclosure to a government and their agencies
We are subject to the law like everyone else. We may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or judicial court order.
8. Compliance with the law
This privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the enforceable law of every jurisdiction in which we aim to provide access to our website. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your country, we should like to hear from you, but ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
9. Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our web site, you may contact us. To better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
PUBLICATIONS
© 2017 OrthodoxResearchInstitute.org. All Rights Reserved. Terms of use and privacy. For comments and/or problems about this site: webmaster@orthodoxresearchinstitute.org