http://www.openbible.org/resources/legal/terms
Warning! Your browser is extremely outdated and not web standards compliant.Your browsing experience would greatly improve by upgrading to a modern browser.
OpenBible_Logo
Added to your cart:
$0.00
Initial deduction will be made within one business day of donation. Future recurring payments will be deducted on the same date as initial deduction.
ADD ANOTHER DONATION
Checkout
Added to Cart
FindaChurch
Donate
Add to Cart
Total: $0.00
Added to Cart
ResourcesCoronavirus ResponseMessage OnlineOpen Bible ManualInformational MaterialsTraining MaterialsMediaPartnersLegalPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseIn MemoryVision25
TERMS OF USE
Open Bible Churches (Or "OBC") and its departments and ministries provide this service to you with the following notices, terms and conditions.
Copyright Notice
All website design, text, graphics, layout and content contained in this website are copyright © 2019 Open Bible Churches and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights reserved. Many requested uses are permitted by this policy, but if your intended use of the contents of this and affiliated websites are NOT expressly permitted herein, you may not: reproduce, upload, post, transmit, download or distribute any content, "mirror" or include this information on your own server or in your own documents; or modify or reuse the text or graphics on any of these websites without the written permission of the Open Bible Churches. You may print copies of the material for incidental church and personal use; or store the files on a computer for church or personal use. No content may be sold or used for any commercial purpose. Any printed copy must include copyright information. You may link to content on OBC Online, provided you follow our linking policy found below under "Linking Policy." Any other use of OBC materials from this web site–including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, transmission, display or republication–without the prior written permission of the Open Bible Churches is strictly prohibited. For more information, please contact us.
Trademarks
Open Bible Churches' graphics and logos may not be used in connection with any product or service that in any manner misrepresents, disparages, or discredits the Open Bible Churches.
Use of OBC Online
This website or any portion of OBC Online may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by the Open Bible Churches.
Disclaimer
"OBC Online" is provided by Open Bible Churches on an "as is" basis. Open Bible Churches makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of "OBC Online" or the information, content or materials included on "OBC Online." Open Bible Churches will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of "OBC Online," including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Applicable Law
OBC Online is created and controlled byOpen Bible Churches in the State of Iowa, USA. As such, the laws of the State of Iowa will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to OBC Online and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time.
Linking Policy
This website may be linked to or from other websites that are not operated by Open Bible Churches, or any affiliates. Open Bible Churches is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these third party websites. This website may also be linked to websites operated by organizations affiliated with theOpen Bible Churches. Visitors to those websites should refer to their separate privacy policies and practices. To request that a link be included from the OBC Church Locator to your OBC church website, please see below under "OBC Church Locator." The OBC Church provides references to and links for a variety of resources that may be of interest to those visiting our site. However, no inference or assumption should be made that we specifically endorse, sponsor or support the content of those publications, ministries and websites, nor should it be inferred that The OBC Church is connected with, operates or controls any linked websites. Those desiring further information on the tenets of the OBC Church are invited to view the Open Bible Churches Statement of Faith.
OBC Church Locator
Any information found in the "OBC Church Locator" is official information of Open Bible Churches. The information found in the OBC Church locator comes directly from the current U.S. Open Bible Churches records in the Open Bible Churches National Office database. If you find the information displayed in the OBC Church Locator for your church to be inaccurate, or to contain outdated information; or if you need to add, update or edit any information about your church as listed in the OBC Church Locator immediately, please contact the National Office. Likewise, please contact your Region with any information updates and changes. This form should be submitted by the Senior Pastor or Church Administrator of the OBC Church requesting these changes only.
OBC Logo and Art Usage
Open Bible Churches grants a non-exclusive license to official OBC churches to use the OBC and Global Missions logo and artwork for affiliation and promotional purposes only. The use of the OBC and Global Missions logo for commercial purposes, or for use for any other event or purpose is not authorized.