https://www.idu.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data seriously. Your personal data will be treated confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. The personal data include, for example, name, IP address, postal address or e-mail address. However, as a precaution, we point out that the transmission of data on the Internet may have security gaps. A complete protection of data from access by third parties is practically impossible. In the following we would like to inform you – also in terms of Art. 13, 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – in which way personal data is requested from you on this page and stored electronically.
1. Collection and processing of server log file data
The website operator or website provider collects data about accesses to the site and saves these as “server log files”. The following data, which individually or in combination may also have personal reference, can be logged in the following way: Visited website; Time at the time of access; Amount of data sent in bytes; Source / reference from which you came to the site; used browser; used operating system; used IP address. The data collected are for statistical purposes only and to improve the website. However, the website operator reserves the right to retrospectively check the server logfiles should concrete evidence point to unlawful use. If third-party content, for example from YouTube, Google Maps, etc., is incorporated in the websites, your IP address may be transmitted to the third-party provider. Server log file data is always stored for a period of 7 days.
2. Collection and processing of other personal data
Further personal data will only be collected by us. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 GDPR, in particular lit. a), c) and f). The operator may also according to § 15 para. 3 Telemedia Act for purposes of advertising, market research or to tailor the site use profiles when using pseudonyms create, unless the user contradicts. These usage profiles must not be merged with data about the bearer of the pseudonym.
Information that you enter when you enter our contact form will be saved for further processing and in case of follow-up questions. Your information will be stored for up to five years. The website operator offers you a newsletter in which he informs you about current events and offers.
If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter, you must enter a valid e-mail address. In order to be able to address you personally, your name and address are also requested. This information is voluntary. You can revoke your consent to the storage of your data and to the subscription of the newsletter at any time. The revocation can be made via a link in the newsletter itself or by email to secretariat@idu.org.
3. Cookies
On our websites, we use in several places so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser on your computer. They serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can prevent this by setting your Internet browser accordingly. This may limit the use of the websites. In particular, the following cookies are used:
Google Analytics: This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Use is made on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f. GDPR. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website such as:
• browser type / version,
• used operating system,
• Referrer URL (the previously visited page),
• host name of the accessing computer (IP address),
• time of server request,
are usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. We have also extended the code “anonymizeIP” on this website to Google Analytics. This guarantees the masking of your IP address so that all data is collected anonymously. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website usage and internet usage to the website operator. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to the full extent. In addition, you may prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent the collection by Google Analytics by clicking on this link. An opt-out cookie will be set which prevents the future collection of your data when you visit this website. The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again. We continue to use Google Analytics to analyze data from Double-Click and AdWords for statistical purposes. If you do not want to do this, you can disable it through the Ads Preferences Manager (http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=en).
For more information about privacy related to Google Analytics, see the Google Analytics Help Center (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en).
4. Disclosure of personal data to third parties
Your personal data will only be disclosed or otherwise transmitted to third parties,
• if necessary for the purpose of processing your submissions (for example, web service providers);
• if there is a legal obligation to do so (for example, with public authorities);
• or you have previously expressly consented.
The scope of the transmitted data is basically limited to the required minimum.
5. Revocation of consent, objection
We point out that you can withdraw your consent at any time without giving reasons with effect for the future.
6. Right to information and cancellation
You have the right to ask the person responsible for confirming that you are processing personal data in question. If this is the case, you have a right to information about this personal data and to the information listed in detail in Art. 15 GDPR.
You have the right to demand from the person responsible without delay the correction of incorrect personal data concerning you and, if necessary, the completion of incomplete personal data (Art. 16 GDPR). You have the right to demand from the person responsible that personal data concerning you be deleted without delay, provided that one of the reasons detailed in Art. 17 GDPR is applicable, for example, if the data is no longer needed for the purposes pursued (right to delete). The controller then no longer processes the personal data unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims (Art 21 GDPR). You have the right to require the person responsible to restrict the processing if one of the conditions listed in Art. 18 GDPR is fulfilled, for example, if you have objected to processing for the duration of the review by the controller.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy are reserved for changes in the legal situation or technical changes of the website.
8. Contact
In the interests of data protection, please contact the operator of the site, Mr. Christian Kattner: secretariat@idu.org.
9. Encoding
This site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of sensitive content, such as the requests you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by changing the address line of the browser from “http: //” to “https: //” and the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties.
10. Contradiction advertising emails
We expressly disagree that our contact details published under the imprint obligation are used to send us unsolicited advertising and information materials, e.g. through spam emails. We reserve the right to take legal action in this case.
11. Privacy statement for the use of social plugins
a) Facebook plugin
Our website includes plugins for the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the Like button on our site. For an overview of Facebook plugins, see https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established via the plugin. This enables Facebook to receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click on the Facebook “Like button” while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to Facebook or of how Facebook uses these data. For more information, please see Facebook’s privacy policy at https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php.
If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our site with your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account.
b) Twitter plugin
Functions of the Twitter service have been integrated into our website and app. These features are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the “Retweet” function, the websites you visit are connected to your Twitter account and made known to other users. In doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by Twitter. For more information on Twitter’s privacy policy, please go to https://twitter.com/privacy.
Your privacy preferences with Twitter can be modified in your account settings at https://twitter.com/account/settings.
c) Instagram plugin
Our website contains functions of the Instagram service. These functions are offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.
If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can click the Instagram button to link the content of our pages with your Instagram profile. This means that Instagram can associate visits to our pages with your user account. As the provider of this website, we expressly point out that we receive no information on the content of the transmitted data or its use by Instagram.
For more information, see the Instagram Privacy Policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.
d) MailChimp
This website uses the services of MailChimp to send newsletters. This service is provided by Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA.
MailChimp is a service which organizes and analyzes the distribution of newsletters. If you provide data (e.g. your email address) to subscribe to our newsletter, it will be stored on MailChimp servers in the USA.
MailChimp is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. The Privacy Shield is an agreement between the European Union (EU) and the US to ensure compliance with European privacy standards in the United States.
We use MailChimp to analyze our newsletter campaigns. When you open an email sent by MailChimp, a file included in the email (called a web beacon) connects to MailChimp’s servers in the United States. This allows us to determine if a newsletter message has been opened and which links you click on. In addition, technical information is collected (e.g. time of retrieval, IP address, browser type, and operating system). This information cannot be assigned to a specific recipient. It is used exclusively for the statistical analysis of our newsletter campaigns. The results of these analyses can be used to better tailor future newsletters to your interests.
If you do not want your usage of the newsletter to be analyzed by MailChimp, you will have to unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a link in every newsletter we send. You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter directly on the website.
Data processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time by unsubscribing to the newsletter. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted from our servers and those of MailChimp. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the members area) remains unaffected.
For details, see the MailChimp privacy policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/.
e) Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
f) Google Maps
This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of Google at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
X