http://www.leedsbuddhistcentre.org/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
date of last revision: 20/3/2018
privacy
Triratna Leeds takes the issue of your online privacy seriously. If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy that are not addressed here, please contact as below:
by post or in person
Uddyotani Doherty
Triratna Leeds
4th Floor Leeds Bridge House
Leeds
LS10 1JN
telephone
0113 2445256
If we can’t answer your call do leave a message and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
email
enquiries@leedsbuddhistcentre.org
information collection and use
www.leedsbuddhistcentre.org collects information you provide such as name, contact details and email address for which you gave your consent when you signed up to receive emails from us.  You are not required to provide this information except when booking a course, workshop or making any other online purchase. We use your contact details so that we can contact you in case of issues with changes to classes, payment and similar circumstances and to send you our newsletter. We use your banking details to process donations you have made us and to send you a receipt for such donations. We also use your personal data to claim Gift Aid, if applicable.
www.leedsbuddhistcentre.org also collects information about your use of our website including IP address, how much time you spend on the site and what you like to view, from both registered users and general visitors to the site. This data is used solely to manage the website, track usage and improve our website services. This information does not identify the user personally and may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services, for example with google analytics.
We keep your data until you inform us that you no longer wish to receive news from us.
email opt in/opt out
We may use your email address to send periodic email newsletters regarding our classes, offers and events. However, we will only do so if you have given us your permission. If you change your mind at a later date simply click on the word ‘Unsubscribe’ on the email newsletter.
links
www.leedsbuddhistcentre.org contains links to other websites which you may find useful or of interest. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, the user should satisfy themselves as to the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on our site.
correcting, updating or removing personal information
Anybody attending events with Triratna Leeds may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by contacting us directly using the contact details shown above and on the ‘Contact Us’ page of this site. You can also request that we give you a copy of the data we hold on you in a machine-readable format.
sharing and disclosure of information we collect
We will never sell or trade your personal data or disclose your personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary:
To conform to legal requirements
To protect our rights
To protect the safety of members of the public or those attending the Buddhist Centre
The dharmachakra servers that hosts all EU Triratna websites are located in the UK. All non-EU dharmachakra websites are located on a server in the US; and the Google cloud account has legally adequate Sae Harbour provisions in relation to EU data laws.
copyright
© 2018 Triratna Leeds. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means including but not restricted to, electronic, mechanical, printed or recorded without the express prior permission of the copyright owner.
Upcoming EventsLunchtime Drop-in Meditation - ONLINE16/12/2020
Friends' Night - ONLINE17/12/2020
all events