http://www.braingle.com/privacy.php
Riddles & Puzzles
Trivia
Mentalrobics
Puzzle Games
Community
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
This site logs the IP addresses and types of browser used by its guests. This information is used to monitor and make improvements to the site.
This site does not secretly collect any personally identifiable information.
User's may choose to become a registered user, in which case they may choose to reveal information about themselves such as their email address.
This information will never be shared or sold.
Users may remove themselves and their information from the web site's database by contacting us.
This website and the advertisers on this website conform to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive.
This site uses cookies to maintain state between pages on this site.
The user may remove these cookies at any time by logging out of the web site.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Declining cookies will prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Advertisers on this site may use cookies.
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
The ads on this website are provided by Google.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please
click here.
Analytics
Braingle uses Google Analytics to monitor the website and make improvements. Google collections information such as your IP number and browser. Google also infers information such as gender and age and aggregates this information in a way that enables us to improve our service. You may opt-out of Google's tracking here and here.
Braingle does not facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected by Google.
Log Files
We use IP addresses and browser type to analyze trends and administer the site.
We do not do reverse DNS lookups, so IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We may share aggregated information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
We will share personally identifiable information only when requested by a legal authority.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Polls
This website has a section where users can take silly little polls. The aggregate results are displayed for everyone to see.
We store your answer so we can show you what your answer was (in case you forgot).
Individial user's answers are never shared with anyone else.
Occasionally, we may use the answer to one of the polls to customize a portion of the website for you. Participation in these polls is completely voluntary.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can contact us.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We will always use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
Under CCPA, Californian residents have the right to declare their preferences on the sale of data for advertising and marketing purposes. If you wish to change your preferences, click this link to launch our preference portal:
Californian residents also have the right to access and/or delete collected data about them. If you wish to invoke either right, please see this link.
We use a third-party to provide monetisation technologies for our site. You can review their privacy and cookie policy here.
Online Now
2 users and 813 guests
Enter the Live Chat Room
Follow Braingle!
Get Your Free Braingle Account
Submit your own brain teasers
Vote on puzzles and track your favorites
Chat with other smart people
Sign up now!
Copyright © 1999-2020 |
FAQ |
Links |
Green |
Subscribe |
Contact |
Privacy |
Conditions |
Advertise |
Braingle Time: 1:40 am
www.braingle.com
Sign In
Create a Free Account