http://www.parentcoachinginstitute.com/about/privacy.html
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
YouTube
(888) 599-4447
info@pcicoach.com
About
Vision & Mission
Brief History of the PCI
Meet Gloria, PCI Founder
PCI Coaching Reports
PCI in the Media
Parent Coach Training
Why Become a PCI Coach
Program Overview
Five Advantages
Coaching Model
Course Summaries
Tuition & Application Deadlines
Independent Study Option
What's Included
Graduate Credit
How to Apply
Student & Grad Testimonials
Training FAQ
Parent Coaching Services
Find a PCI Coach
Resolve Screen Time Issues
Parent Testimonials
Parent Success Stories
Coaching FAQ
Resources
Articles
Conversations with Experts
Screentime Success Stories
Ideas from PCI Alumni
Students
Contact
Blog
Alumni Association
Site menu
About the PCI
Vision & Mission
A Brief History of the PCI
Gloria DeGaetano, Founder
PCI Projects
PCI in the Media
Apply TodayWe are now accepting applications for Spring Term 2021. Application deadline: February 2, 2021.Class discussions to begin March 2021. “The program is robust, demanding, and thorough.”Carrington CunningtonAurora, ILSee what others have to say…
Connect with Us
Subscribe to PCI’s Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Powered by MailChimp
Visit PCI Founder Gloria DeGaetano’s Web site and subscribe to her blog.
Contact Us
425-449-8877 (Seattle area)
(888) 599-4447
info@pcicoach.com
Parent Coach International Privacy Policy
Last updated August 20, 2017
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “Personally identifiable information” (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in U.S. privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our Web site.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our site?
Very little. When visiting our Web site, we keep a record of the Internet Protocol (IP) address you used to access the site. For most Internet users these addresses cannot be used to identify a specific person. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, or other details to help you with your experience.
Currently-enrolled PCI students receive individualized login credentials to access course materials. All access to course materials is moderated through those specific student accounts.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you access our site,
subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, register for an event, enroll in PCI courses, or enter information.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the Web site, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your queries or customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Your personal information is stored on secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all access to the site is encrypted in transit via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Any transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes. The site does use cookies as part of managing access to course materials for currently-enrolled students. These cookies contain no personally-identifiable information.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to control your cookies.
If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient, and some of our services (such as the student portal) may not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information with the following exceptions:
Hosting services are provided by Bluehost, who could access basic site access logs.
Mailing list services are handled my MailChimp, who need subscriber email addresses in order to deliver mail.
Development staging & testing are handled by Actual Consulting, which has limited access to logs and account credentials.
Third Party Links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our Web site.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial Web sites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates Web sites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its Web site stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf.
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our Web site.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page. Users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at
info@pcicoach.com
or calling us.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We do not track site visitors, so Do Not Track signals have no bearing on use of the Web site.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
Some areas of our Web site include social media elements that could identify signed-in members of a social networks to those social networks as they visit our Web site. We have no control over how those social networking services utilize or protect the personal information of their members, or monitor their online activity. Please refer to their privacy policies for how they may use members’ information.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of Web sites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days.
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. We will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Parent Coaching Institute/Parent Coach International
16148 SE 16th St.
Bellevue, WA 98008 USA
info@pcicoach.com
425-449-8877
Contact Us
Local: (425) 449-8877
National: (888) 599-4447
info@pcicoach.com
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
YouTube
About Us
Vision and Mission
Parent Coach Training
Student & Grad Testimonials
Find a PCI Coach
CEO Gloria DeGaetano
Privacy Policy
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Visit Parent Coach International and sign up to receive our quarterly newsletter.
Receive Gloria’s Blog Posts
Visit Gloria DeGaetano and subscribe to her blog.
Copyright © 2000–2020 Parent Coaching Institute.