http://www.finance.gov.au/government/financial-reporting-accounting-policy/financial-statements-better-practice-guide/14-appendices
14. Appendices
| Department of Finance
Skip to main content
Secondary Menu
Latest news
Events & training
Newsletters
Contact us
Policy and Legislation
Toggle menu
Main navigation
Government
Business
Individuals
Publications
About us
Home
Government
Financial Reporting And Accounting Policy
Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
14. Appendices
14. Appendices
14.1 Acronyms and abbreviations
Acronym/abbreviation
Title in full
AAI
Accountable Authority Instructions
AAO
Administrative Arrangements Order
AAS
Australian Accounting Standards as issued by the AASB
AASB
Australian Accounting Standards Board
ABS
Australian Bureau of Statistics
ACSC
Australian Cyber Security Centre
ANAO
Australian National Audit Office
APS
Australian Public Service
APSC
Australian Public Service Commission
ASA
Auditing standards as issued by the AUASB
AUASB
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board
BPG
Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
Budget, the
The Australian Government budget
CBMS
Central Budget Management System
CFO
Chief Financial Officer
CFS
Consolidated Financial Statements
Charter of Budget Honesty
Charter of Budget Honesty Act 1998
Corporations Act
Corporations Act 2001
ECPF
Enhanced Commonwealth Performance Framework
Entity
This BPG uses ‘entities’ to mean Commonwealth entities and Commonwealth companies as defined by the
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013
(PGPA Act).
Fraud Rule
Section 10 of the PGPA Rule
ICT
Information and communication technology
IFRS
International Financial Reporting Standards
FBO
Final Budget Outcome
Finance Minister
The Minister for Finance
FMIS
Financial Management Information System
FRR
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability (Financial Reporting) Rule 2015
GBE
Government Business Enterprise
GGS Monthly Financial Statements
The
Australian Government general government sector Monthly Financial Statements
Australian GFS
Government Finance Statistics Australia: Concepts, Sources and Methods
ISM
Australian Government Information Security Manual
JCPAA
Joint Committee of Public Accounts and Audit
MoG
Machinery of Government
PBS
Portfolio Budget Statements
PDF
Portable document format
PGPA Act
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013
PGPA Rule
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Rules 2014
PPE
Property, plant and equipment
PRIMA
Primary Reporting and Information Management Aid
PSPF
Protective Security Policy Framework
RMG
Resource Management Guide
SRP
Supplementary Reporting Pack
UPF
Uniform Presentation Framework
14.2 Glossary
Accountable authority — under the
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013 (PGPA Act), the person or group of persons who has responsibility for, and control over, a Commonwealth entity’s operations, including financial management and reporting matters.
Accountable Authority Instructions —a mechanism for accountable authorities to apply the key principles and requirements of the resource management framework to the operations of their respective entities.
Administered —those items that an entity does not control, but over which it has management responsibility on behalf of the Government and which are subject to prescriptive rules or conditions established by legislation, or Australian Government policy, in order to achieve Australian Government outcomes. Typical examples include taxes, levies and fines, plus grants, subsidies and personal benefit payments.
Appropriation — for the purposes of this guide, an authority under any Act or law to draw money from the Consolidated Revenue Fund, whether or not the law concerned used the word appropriation or appropriated. An appropriation specifies purposes for which money may be spent, and may specify conditions under which payments are to be made, such as who is to be paid and how much in specific circumstances.
Audit-cleared —information or financial statements that have been reviewed and cleared by the ANAO.
Business areas —various work areas, which may be known as sections, branches, divisions, or groups that contribute information to the financial statements
Chief Financial Officer —generally the person that has primary responsibility for financial management and reporting.
Commitments —are defined as:
(a) intentions to create liabilities or assets for the receiving entity, as evidenced by undertakings or agreements to make/obtain future payments to/from other entities, and
(b) are executory contracts that are not recognised under AASB 137 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets (i.e. not onerous), but
(c) do not include future appropriations.
Commonwealth —the legal entity of the Commonwealth of Australia, created by the Australian Constitution.
Commonwealth entity — A Commonwealth entity is a:
(a) Department of State, or
(b) Parliamentary Department, or
(c) listed entity, or
(d) body corporate established by a law of the Commonwealth.
Commonwealth company is a Corporations Act company that the Commonwealth controls. However, it does not include a company that is a subsidiary of:
(a) a Commonwealth company; or
(b) a corporate Commonwealth entity; or
(c) the Future Fund Board of Guardians.
Consolidated Financial Statements— for the Australian Government are the annual, end-of-year financial statements prepared under section 48 of the PGPA Act and in accordance with AAS. The CFS present the consolidated results for the Australian Government as well as disaggregated information on the various sectors of government (General Government Sector (GGS), Public Non-Financial Corporations (PNFCs) and Public Financial Corporations (PFCs)).
Corporate Commonwealth entity —a Commonwealth entity that is a body corporate and legally separate from the Commonwealth.
Departmental —those items that the entity has control over. They include the ordinary operating costs and associated funding of Commonwealth entities, and typically include salaries, accruing employee entitlements and operational expenses including depreciation.
Finance team —the group of staff directly responsible for financial reporting in the entity.
Government Business Enterprise —a Commonwealth entity or Commonwealth company that is prescribed by the rules (s8 of the PGPA Act ).
Internal control —any process, policy, device, practice or other actions within the internal environment of an organisation which modifies the likelihood or consequences of a risk.
Non-corporate Commonwealth entity —a Commonwealth entity that is not a body corporate and legally part of the Commonwealth.
Officials —an individual who is in, or forms part of, the entity as set out under section 13 of the PGPA Act.
Parliament —makes laws, authorises the Government to spend public money, scrutinises government activities, and is a forum for debate on national issues.
Project manager —the person responsible for leading a project from its inception to execution. This includes planning, execution and managing the people, resources and scope of the project.
Reporting entity —an applicable entity as defined in section 6 of the FRR for which financial statements must be prepared.
Risk —the effect of uncertainty on objectives. An effect is a deviation from the expected —positive and/or negative. Risk is often expressed in terms of a combination of the consequences of an event (including changes in circumstances or knowledge) and the associated likelihood of occurrence.
Risk assessment —the process of risk identification, risk analysis and risk evaluation.
Risk appetite —the amount of risk an entity is willing to accept or retain in order to achieve its objectives. It is a statement or series of statements that describes the entity’s attitude toward risk taking.
Risk criteria —terms of reference against which the significance of a risk is evaluated.
Risk management framework — a set of components that provide the foundations and organisational arrangements for designing, implementing, monitoring, reviewing and continually improving risk management throughout the organisation.
Risk management —coordinated activities to direct and control an organisation with regard to risk.
Risk oversight —the supervision of the risk management framework and risk management process.
Risk profile —a description of any set of risks. The set of risks can contain those that relate to the whole organisation, part of the organisation or as otherwise defined.
Risk tolerance —the levels of risk taking that are acceptable in order to achieve a specific objective or manage a category of risk.
Schedule —communicates what work needs to be performed, which resources of the organisation will perform the work and the timeframes in which that work needs to be performed. The schedule should reflect all of the work associated with delivering the project on time.
Shared risk —a risk with no single owner, where more than one entity is exposed to or can significantly influence the risk.
Shared services — the provision of common services through centres of excellence (hubs) and the transition of agencies into these hubs.
Whole of government —denotes public service agencies working across portfolio boundaries to achieve a shared goal and an integrated government response to particular issues. Approaches can be formal and informal. They can focus on policy development, program management and service delivery.
14.3 Index of BPG resources
Resource name
Resource description
BPG Ref.
BPG Resources Map
This diagram sets out a suggested order and timing for the use of BPG resources.
1.1.7
Relevant legislation and standards
Details the main legislation, policies and guidelines relevant to the preparation of financial statements by public sector entities and a brief summary of each of these elements.
2.1.6
Example: Risk analysis for financial statements
This risk analysis process for financial statements can assist management to prioritise the resources allocated to the preparation of the financial statements.
3.4.3
Example: Risk framework for financial statements
This framework sets out the risk and assurance profile for the financial statements process for an entity.
3.4.3
Checklist: Machinery of Government restructures
A checklist considering a range of issues relating to the implementing MoG changes in relation to an entity’s financial statements.
3.6.6
Template: Lessons learned tracking sheet
This template assists in the tracking of lessons learned from previous years and implementing related proposed solutions.
4.2.6
Template: Schedule of activities
A schedule of activities outlines the activities to be completed in the preparation process.
4.2.6
Example: Financial statements reporting timetable
A summary timetable to set out key financial reporting dates in a form that are easily consumable by key stakeholders.
4.2.6
Example: Internal consistency checks
This spreadsheet provides examples of the consistency checks that agencies should consider including.
4.7.5
Checklist: Developing a schedule of activities
A list of possible critical events and management issues to consider when planning.
5.1.5
Example: Financial Statements Project Plan
A detailed project plan outlines the activities to be completed in the preparation process, including the timeline and responsibility for the completion of each activity and its status.
5.1.5
Example: Team and business area process guide
Example instructions for a team and business process.
5.1.5
Example: Materiality assessment paper
This paper is useful for documenting your entities decisions in regards to materiality.
7.2.9
Example: Risk assessment to bring items forward
This risk assessment demonstrates a risk that could be mitigated by inclusion in a hard or soft close.
7.3.4
Template: Position Paper
This template provides a useful structure/guidance to assist in the development of an Accounting Paper.
7.7.2
Template: Adjustments schedule
This schedule allows an agency to keeps a record of all adjustments proposed/ made and to enable the changes to be considered and actioned as a whole.
9.1.3
Template: Working Papers Cover Sheet
This template can be used to assist in providing a reference to all relevant documents that support each financial statements item or note.
9.2.3
Example: Requirements for supporting documentation
The example documentation requirements outline the types of supporting evidence required for selected financial statements items.
9.3.3
Example: Form for business area certification
An example of a management sign-off.
9.4.5
Example: Financial statement assertions
An example of financial statement assertions, adapted from the Australian Auditing Standard ASA 315.
9.4.5
Checklist: CFO Assurance
A checklist considering a range of issues relating to the preparation of an entity’s financial statements and may assist the CFO in discharging his/her responsibilities.
9.4.5
Checklist: Finance team assurance processes for audit committee
This checklist is an example of a what a Finance Area/CFO might provide to the Audit Committee to provide assurance in regards to the financial statements process.
9.5.2
Template: Chief Financial Officer's report
Template for the CFO’s report to the audit committee and accountable authority to provide assurance.
9.6.3
Template: Audit assistance package
Provides an example template that sets out details on an audit.
10.2.5
Template: Register of audit requests
Provides an example template for tracking audit requests.
10.2.5
Example: Audit protocols
Is an example of a formal communication plan with the auditors.
10.2.5
Template: Requesting advice from Finance
Template that sets out the key information to include in your request for advice from Finance.
13.1.2
14.4 Index of hyperlinked websites
Website hyperlinks
Description
BPG Ref.
AAS
An AASB site which lists the latest version (by operative date) of each Accounting Standard.
2.1 2.1.1 2.1.2 2.1.3
2.1.4 2.1.6
3.6.2
3.6.6
AASB 101
The AASB standard that prescribes the basis for presentation of general purpose financial statements including guidelines for their structure and minimum requirements for their content.
2.1.1 2.1.6
4.7.2
4.7.5
7.2
7.2.9
AASB 1049
A government specific AAS which harmonises and aligns the AAS and Australian GFS.
2.1
AASB pronouncements
AASB site that provides guidance for accessing required pronouncements.
3.6.1
3.6.6
Accountable authority
Provides guidance on role and responsibilities of accountable authorities with links to related PGPA Act and PGPA Rule provisions.
2
2.1.4 2.1.6
3.3.1
3.3.10
ASA 315
An AUASB compilation of auditing standards relating to risks of material misstatement.
3.5
3.5.3
10.2.3
10.2.5
ASA 610
AUASB guidance on using the work of internal auditors.
10.2.3
10.2.5
Audit insights
An ANAO site that provides discussions on recurring issues, shortcomings and good practice examples, identified through financial statement and performance audit work.
1.1
1.1.7
Australian GFS
An ABS site that provides the Australian System of Government Finance Statistics: Concepts, Sources and Methods, 2015
2.1 2.1.6
Charter of Budget Honesty
Federal Register of Legislation site for the Charter of Budget Honesty.
2.1 2.1.6
Commonwealth Financial Statements Preparation Guide
Guidance for preparing financial statements for reporting periods ending on or after
1 July 2017.
13.1
13.1.2
Commonwealth Fraud Control Framework
Outlines the Government's requirements for fraud control.
3.4.2
3.4.3
Commonwealth Risk Management Policy
Provides the requirements of section 16 of the PGPA Act for systems and internal controls to manage risk.
3.4.1
3.4.3
4.4
4.4.3
Comcover Risk Management Resources
Provides Comcover risk management information sheets, relevant to all Commonwealth employees.
3.4.1
3.4.3
Corporations Act
Federal Register of Legislation site for the Corporations Act.
2.1
2.1.3
2.1.4 2.1.6 10.2.3 10.2.5
Enhanced Commonwealth performance framework
A Finance site that provides guidance on requirements of the enhanced Commonwealth government performance framework.
3.2.1
3.2.4
3.2.6
Essential Eight Maturity Model
Australian Cyber Security Centre site that complements the advice in the
strategies to mitigate cyber security incidents
.
3.5.2
3.5.3
FRR
A compilation of the FRR that shows the text of the law as amended and in force on the compilation date.
1.1
1.1.7
2.1.1 2.1.2 2.1.6
Governance policy
A Finance site that provides information on Commonwealth governance structures policy (governance policy) and identifies efficient and fit-for-purpose governance arrangements.
3.1.1
3.1.3
Government Business Enterprises (GBEs)
Links to a Finance site that provides the rules and guidance for prescribing GBEs.
3.1.1
3.1.3
ISM
Australian Cyber Security Centre site that provides cyber security guidelines within the ISM.
3.5.1
3.5.2
3.5.3
List of exemptions
( to the FRR)
A list of entities with approved exemptions from the requirements of the FRR.
2.1.2 2.1.6
MoG Changes: A Guide
An APSC site providing guidance on MoG changes with links to other related sites.
3.6.3
3.6.6
PGPA Act
This online resource links sections of the PGPA Act to related rules and guidance.
1.1.1
1.1.7
2.1.1 2.1.3
2.1.4 2.1.5 2.1.6
3.4
3.4.3
4.4
4.4.3
9.4.4
9.4.5
9.5
11
11.1.2
PGPA Flipchart and entity list
Links to a Finance site that provides a series of resources on Government structures, portfolios, entities, accountable authorities etc.
3.1.1
3.1.3
PGPA Rule
The Federal Register of Legislation site for the PGPA Rule.
2.1.1 2.1.6
9.5
9.5.2
(PRIMA) Forms of Financial Statements
A Finance site that includes the current PRIMA forms and guides.
1.1
1.1.7
13.1
13.1.2
PSPF
Attorney-General’s Department site for information on the PSPF.
3.5.1
3.5.3
Resource Management Guides
This page lists only the numbered resource management guides (RMGs). Refer to the
Index of Resource Management Guidance
for a complete source, and the
list of templates
.
13.1
13.1.2
RMG 125
Provides extracts of relevant legislative requirements from the FRR; and additional ‘guidance’ paragraphs to assist in applying the FRR and supporting policies.
1.1
1.1.7
2.1.2 2.1.6
13.1
13.1.2
RMG 126
A Finance site with RMG 126 and other information for GBEs.
3.1.1
3.1.3
RMG 132
Provides guidance on corporate plans for Commonwealth entities.
3.2.2
3.2.6
RMG 134
This guide provides more information about annual performance statements.
3.2.5
3.2.6
RMG 202
Provides guidance on the role of audit committees including matters that the accountable authority could consider when determining the audit committee's functions, structure and conduct.
3.3.4
3.3.10
9.5
9.5.2
RMG 214
A Finance guide on requirements for the
notification of significant non-compliance with the finance law
.
9.4.4
9.5
Rules
A list of PGPA associated instruments and policies maintained by Finance
2.1.1 2.1.4 2.1.5 2.1.6 11 11.1.2
Direction on the requirements for performance information in PBS
Provides the requirements for performance information to be included in the PBS.
3.2.3
3.2.6
Strategies to Mitigate Cyber Security Incidents
Australian Cyber Security Centre site that complements the ISM and discusses strategies to mitigate cyber security incidents.
3.5.2
3.5.3
UPF
The UPF provides a uniform approach to the presentation of financial data in Australian governments’ budget papers.
2.1 2.1.6
Did you find this content useful?
Your comments (if any)
Page
Submit
On this page...
Contact
feedback@finance.gov.au
Content Focus
Audience
Government
Topic
Accounting Policy
Financial Reporting
Updated: 22 May 2020
Footer
Accessibility
Contact us
Copyright
Disclaimer
Information Publication Scheme
Privacy
© Commonwealth of Australia 2020
ABN 61970 632 495
Government
Advertising
AusTender reporting requirements
Campaign Advertising Supplier Register
Campaign Evaluation
Central Advertising System
Contact Details - Advertising
Frequently Asked Questions - Advertising
Guidelines on Information and Advertising Campaigns by non-corporate Commonwealth entities
Indigenous Audience Research
Online Management System – UM Central
Recruitment Advertising Policy (RMG 408)
Role of Finance
Types of advertising
White Pages Advertising Guidance
Assurance Reviews and Risk Assessment
Assurance Reviews Process Overview
Becoming a Private Sector Reviewer
Becoming a Public Sector Reviewer
Gateway Reviews Process
ICT Investment Approval Process
ICT Investment Approval Process - Frequently asked questions
ICT Investment Approval Process - Text Descriptions
Implementation Readiness Assessment (IRA)
Lessons Learned - Gateway Reviews
Gateway Reviews Process - Lessons Learned - Second Edition
Questions & Answers For Review Team Members on the Assurance Reviews Process
Questions & Answers: For Senior Responsible Officials on the Assurance Reviews Process
Australian Government Investment Funds
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Land and Sea Future Fund
Clean Energy Finance Corporation
DisabilityCare Australia Fund
Future Drought Fund
Future Fund
Governance - Investment Funds
Future Fund Board of Guardians
Future Fund Management Agency
International Forum of Sovereign Wealth Funds
Investment Fund Principles
Medical Research Future Fund
Nation-building Funds
Regional Investment Corporation
Comcover
About Comcover
Advice Circulars to Fund Member Agencies
Claims Management
Background information about the Cornwell superannuation case
Claim Forms - Comcover
Claims
Education
Building Risk Management Capability
Embedding an active risk culture Part 2: The benefits of an active risk culture
Embedding an active risk culture
Organisational Resilience in a Crisis
Risk Management in a Crisis
Risk appetite and tolerance
Insurance
Comcover - expired policies
Frequently asked questions - insurance
Indemnity and Insurance Clauses in Commonwealth Contracts
Information Bulletins - Insurance
Insurance Broking
Overseas Medical and Travel Assistance
Risk Services / Management
Awards for Excellence
2018 Awards for Excellence
2019 Awards for Excellence
Benchmarking Program
Comcover Dispute Resolution
Risk resources
The Commonwealth Risk Management Policy
Commonwealth grants
Additional information
Approving a grant
Commonwealth Grants Policy Framework
Commonwealth Grants Rules and Guidelines
Grant reporting
Grants News
Grants administration FAQs
Grants connected policies
Publishing a grant
Tools and templates
Decision tree for selecting a grant opportunity template
Contacts
Digital Records Transformation Initiative
Australian Government Records Interoperability Framework
Digital Records Investment Alignment Process
Sourcing Strategy Framework (DRTI) – Phase A. Problem Definition
Sourcing Strategy Framework (DRTI) – Phase B. Sourcing
Sourcing Strategy Framework (DRTI) – Phase C. Retrospective
Sourcing Strategy Framework
Federal Budget
Central Budget Management System (CBMS)
CBMS Access
CBMS Data Management – Reference Data Set
CBMS Training
Parliamentary Budget Office
The Budget Process
Financial reporting and accounting policy
Chief Finance Officer (CFO) stewardship forum
Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
1. Introduction
10. Foundations for a smooth external audit process
11. Including financial statements in annual reports
12. Project closure
13. Guidance and support
14. Appendices
2. Framework for preparing financial statements
3. Knowing your entity’s business
4. Planning for year-end financial statements
5. Preparing a schedule of activities and tasks
6. Actioning and monitoring the plan
7. Development processes and procedures – Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
8. Structuring the financial statements – Financial Statements Better Practice Guide
9. Quality assurance and certifications
Financial reporting for Commonwealth entities
Frequently Asked Questions – Accounting Impacts of COVID-19 and related matters
Guide to classifying payments to other levels of government for specific purposes and Commonwealth own-purpose expenses
Overview of Commonwealth financial reporting
Functional reporting
Description of functions and sub-functions
Government Finance Statistics
Major fiscal
Technical accounting policy and guidance
Governance
Commonwealth Contracting Suite – Privacy Statement
Managing Commonwealth Resources
Annual performance statements for Commonwealth entities (RMG 134)
Annual report for corporate Commonwealth entities (RMG 136)
Annual report for non-corporate Commonwealth entities (RMG 135)
Annual reports for Commonwealth companies (RMG 137)
Australian Government Grants – Briefing, Reporting, Evaluating and Election Commitments (RMG 412)
Clarification of the terms ‘Audit’ and ‘Assurance’ (RMG 210)
Commonwealth companies Executive Remuneration Reporting Guide for Annual Reports (RMG 139)
Commonwealth entities Executive Remuneration Reporting Guide for Annual Reports (RMG 138)
Corporate plans for Commonwealth entities (RMG 132)
Developing good performance information (RMG 131)
General duties of officials (RMG 203)
Implementing the Commonwealth Risk Management Policy (RMG 211)
Learning and support
eLearning and training modules
Managing money & property
Managing Money
Annual Appropriations
Portfolio Budget Statements
Australian Government Charging Framework
Charging Activities
Charging for commercial activities
Charging for regulatory activities (Cost Recovery)
Charging for resource activities
Portfolio Charging Reviews
Portfolio Charging Reviews
The Charging Framework
The Charging Framework
Banking Money
Borrowing
Collecting revenue or money
Entering arrangements and committing relevant money
Indemnities
Investment by Commonwealth Entities
Making a payment of an amount owed to a person at time of death
Managing Debt
Other CRF Money
Receiving money
Spending money
Managing risk & internal accountability
Duties
Duties
Duties of Accountable Authorities
Officials
Risk & Internal Controls
Accountable Authority Instructions (AAIs) - RMG 206
Audit committees
How to set-up and manage an audit committee
Information for audit committee members
Joint Committee of Public Accounts and Audit - Responding to Parliamentary Committee Reports
Prescribing officials
Reporting Non-compliance
Foreign exchange risk management
Notification of significant non-compliance with the finance law (RMG 214)
PGPA Legislation
Planning and reporting
Annual Reporting
Commonwealth Performance Framework
Measuring
Planning
Reporting
Prescribing officials (RMG 212)
Preventing, detecting and dealing with fraud (RMG 201)
The banking of cash by Commonwealth entities (RMG 413)
Structure of the Australian Government Public Sector
Commonwealth Governance Structures Policy (Governance Policy)
Further information on the key requirements of the Governance Policy
Australian Government Organisations Register
Australian Government Organisations Register - Guide to Fields
Australian Government Organisations Register - Types of Bodies
Register of movements list
Spreadsheet of bodies
Summary of Key Statistics
Commonwealth Governance Structures Policy (Governance Policy)
Creating a new government body
PGPA Act Flipchart and List
Reviewing an existing government body
Types of Australian Government Bodies
Ministerial and Parliamentary Services
Procurement
Buying for the Australian Government
Accountability and Transparency
Assessing Financial Viability
Confidentiality Throughout the Procurement Cycle
Contract Characteristics
Contract Issues
Contracts End Dates
Contracts and Entity Agreements
Cooperative Agency Procurement
Ethics and Probity in Procurement
Exemptions from Division Two
Handling Complaints
Incorporating Sustainability
Panel Arrangements
Policy Framework
Procurement Connected Policies
Procurement Practice
Procurement Process Considerations
Providing Feedback
Reporting Requirements
Third Party Procurement
Transparency in Commonwealth Government Procurement
COVID-19 – Procurement Policy Note
Commonwealth Contracting Suite (CCS)
Commonwealth Contracting Suite - Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Commonwealth Procurement Awards for Excellence
2019 Commonwealth Procurement Awards for Excellence – Recipients
Commonwealth Procurement Rules
Accountability and Transparency
Additional Rules
Appendix A: Exemptions
Appendix B: Definitions
Efficient, Effective, Economical and Ethical Procurement
Encouraging Competition
Foreword
How to Use the Commonwealth Procurement Rules
Procurement Framework
Procurement Method
Procurement Risk
Value for Money
Contract Management Guide
Enterprise Resource Planning Software as a Service
Major Office Machines
Procurement Coordinator
Procurement complaints
Statistics on Australian Government Procurement Contracts
The Stationery and Office Supplies (SOS II) Panel
Vehicle Leasing & Fleet Management
Fleet Vehicle Selection Policy
Insurance Risk Management
Roles and Responsibilities - AGF, Entity Fleet Managers and sgfleet
Whole of Australian Government Procurement - Buying
Whole-of-Government Procurement Contracts, Arrangements and Initiatives
Property and Construction
Barton Development Site
Capital Works Projects
Commonwealth Land Holdings
Commonwealth Property Disposal Policy
Commonwealth Property Management Framework
About the Commonwealth Property Management Framework
Budgeting and Funding
Capital Works
Glossary
Leasing
Managing
Ownership and Disposals
Planning
Reporting
Resources
Land Acquisition and Disposals
Lands Acquisition Act 1989 (LAA)
Leased office accommodation
Australian Government Office Occupancy Report
Property Services Coordinated Procurement
Property Services Coordinated Procurement
Public Works Committee
Setting up a Commonwealth entity
Accommodation
Appointments and staffing
Check if you're ready
Communications & Media
Funding & financial
Governance & compliance
IT & security
Information Management
Information Management
Initial priorities
Key contacts for establishing a new entity
Risk and Insurance
Risk and Insurance
Tax & superannuation
Using this guide
Work health & safety
Superannuation
Arrangements for Australian Government employees and statutory office holders
Arrangements Under the Superannuation (Productivity Benefit) Act 1988
Choice of Superannuation Funds for New Australian Government Employees
Commonwealth Superannuation Scheme (CSS)
Governance - Superannuation
Relevant legislation and responsible ministers
Investment fund principles
Public Sector Superannuation Accumulation Plan (PSSAP)
Public Sector Superannuation Scheme (PSS)
Arrangements for Federal Judges, Governors-General and Federal Circuit Court Judges
Governor General
Judge
Judges of the Federal Circuit Court of Australia
Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Scheme
Parliamentary Superannuation
Overview of the Parliamentary Superannuation Act 2004
Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Act 1948 - Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Scheme (PCSS)
Parliamentary Salaries
Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Act 1948 - Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Scheme (PCSS)
Superannuation costs and reports
Charges for Actuarial Accounts
Employer Responsibilities & Costs
Judges of the Federal Circuit Court of Australia Long Term Cost Reports
Judges' Pensions Scheme - Long Term Cost Reports
PCSS Long Term Cost Reports
PSS and CSS Long Term Cost Reports
Superannuation Costs for Agencies
The Shared Services Transformation Initiative
GovERP
Shared Services Delivery
The Shared Services Journey
Travel Arrangements
About the travel arrangements
Accommodation
Airlines and TMS
Australian Government Travel Guide
Book Travel Management Services
Cost Reduction Strategies
Drive - vehicle rental services
FAQs - Vehicle Rental Services
Fly - Air travel
Pay - Card services
Payment Services
Stay - Accommodation
Travel Policy
Travel Related Information
Travel services statistics
WoAG Travel Advices
2018 Advices
Whole of Government Information and Communications Technology Services
Data Carriage Service
GovLink
Intra-government Communications Network (ICON)
Ministerial Communications Network (MCN)
National Telepresence System (NTS)
Parliamentary Document Management System (PDMS)
Parliamentary Television (ParlTV)
Business
Find a grant (GrantConnect)
Government Business Enterprises
ASC
Australia Post
Australian Naval Infrastructure Pty Ltd
Australian Rail Track Corporation (ARTC)
Defence Housing Australia (DHA)
Medibank sale
Frequently Asked Questions - Medibank Sale
Moorebank Intermodal Company Limited
NBN Co Limited (nbn)
Past sales
Snowy Hydro Limited
The role of directors in Commonwealth GBE's Guidelines
Director Rules and Duties
Financial Management
Governance Regulation
Overview
Planning and Reporting
WSA Co Limited
Procurement
Complaints Handling Charter Complaints
Whole of Australian Government Procurement - Selling
Individuals
Act of grace payments, waiver of debts to the Commonwealth, Compensation for Detriment caused by Defective Administration (CDDA)
Act of grace payments
Application process
Information for Commonwealth entities about acts of grace and waivers of debt
Scheme for Compensation for Detriment caused by Defective Administration (CDDA Scheme)
Waiver of debt
Find a grant (GrantConnect)
Publications
All Publication Categories
Charter of Budget Honesty - Policy Costing Guidelines
Commonwealth Budget
Corporate Plan 2020-21
Pre-election Economic and Fiscal Outlook
Resource Management Guides
AASB Leases – Implementation Guide (RMG 110)
Accounting for concessional loans (RMG 115)
Accounting for internally developed software (RMG 109)
Accounting for machinery of government changes (RMG 118)
Accounting for non-current assets held for sale (RMG 111)
Accounting for subsequent expenditure on property, plant and equipment (RMG 113)
Audit committees (RMG 202)
Charging Activities (RMG 304)
Commitment of Relevant Money (RMG 400)
Commonwealth Entities Financial Statements Guide (RMG 125)
Commonwealth Grants and Procurement Connected Policies (RMG 415)
Commonwealth Investments (RMG 308)
Corporate plan for Commonwealth companies (RMG 133)
Deeming or designating transfers of assets and liabilities as 'contributions by owners' (equity) (RMG 123)
Disclosure of maturity information in financial statements (RMG 122)
Domestic Travel Policy (RMG 404)
Government Business Enterprises (GBEs) (RMG 126)
Grants, Procurements and other financial arrangements (RMG 411)
Guidance on the Assurance Reviews Process (RMG 106)
Guide to Appropriations (RMG 100)
Handling complaints under the Government Procurement (Judicial Review) Act 2018 (RMG 422)
Identification of general insurance contracts for accounting purposes (RMG 112)
Indemnities (RMG 414)
Investment by Commonwealth entities (RMG 301)
Mandatory use of the Commonwealth Contracting Suite for procurement under $200,000 (RMG 420)
Meeting the Senate Order for Entity Contracts (RMG 403)
Official International Travel – Use of the best fare of the day (RMG 405)
Other CRF money (RMG 303)
Payment pending probate - (RMG 402)
Payment terms for Australian Government Travel Arrangements – card services (RMG 418)
Procurement Publishing and Reporting Obligations (RMG 423)
Publishing and reporting Grants and GrantConnect (RMG 421)
Reporting requirements following machinery of government changes (RMG 119)
Requests for discretionary financial assistance under the
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013 (RMG 401)
Restrictions on advertising for open
Approaches to Market (ATMs) (RMG 407)
Retainable receipts (RMG 307)
Risk Potential Assessment Tool General Guidance (RMG 107)
Scheme for Compensation for Detriment caused by Defective Administration (RMG 409)
Supplier Pay On-Time or Pay Interest Policy (RMG 417)
Pay On-Time Policy (RMG 417) - Additional information
The Charging Framework (RMG 302)
https://www.finance.gov.au/sites/default/files/2020-09/RMG%20114%20-%20Accounting%20for%20decommissioning%2C%20restoration%20and%20similar%20provisions%20to%20make%20good.docx
Annual Report 2016-17
Annual Report 2017-18
Annual Report 2018-19
Corporate Plan 2017-18
Corporate Plan 2018-19
Corporate Plan 2019-20
About us
Accessibility
Careers
Benefits of working at Finance
Building facilities
Networks and consultation
Professional development opportunities
Career Starter Program
Diversity and Inclusion
RecruitAbility
Driving opportunities at COMCAR
About COMCAR
Driving duties and training information
How to apply and eligibility
Employment agreement and conditions
Security requirements
Gender Equality Action Plan 2017-19
Graduate Program
Stream recruitment
Temporary Employment Register
Public Interest Certificate Log
Contact us
Finance location
Scam emails, letters and phone calls
Finance locations - State offices - Ministerial and Parliamentary Services
Copyright
Disclaimer
Freedom of Information
Disclosure log
Information Publication Scheme (IPS)
Information Publication Scheme – Information Publication Plan
Ministers
Policy and Legislation
Privacy
Search Finance.gov.au
×
Search
Search
Close
×
Close