http://www.greatermilwaukeefoundation.org/privacy
Privacy Statement
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.greatermilwaukeefoundation.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to reply to your contact form submission.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to reply to your contact form submission, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' us of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Greater Milwaukee Foundation.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Policy
This Website is not directed to children under 13 years old. The policy of Greater Milwaukee Foundation is to NOT knowingly try to collect any personal information from children under 13, including "individually identifiable information," as defined by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you are under 14 years of age, you should leave the Website without filling out any of the forms on this Website or otherwise providing any information about yourself. If Greater Milwaukee Foundation would knowingly collect personal information from children under 13, it would do so in accordance with COPPA.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately using the contact information below:
Greater Milwaukee Foundation 101 W Pleasant St., Ste 210 Milwaukee, WI 53212 info@greatermilwaukeefoundation.org tel. 414-272-5805 fax. 414-272-6235Confidentiality Policy
The Greater Milwaukee Foundation maintains and manages information that must be kept confidential. The Foundation Board has adopted a policy on confidentiality to assist the Foundation’s directors, officers, employees, agents, fiduciaries and volunteers in fulfilling their confidentiality obligations and commitments.
Greater Milwaukee Foundation
101 W Pleasant St., Ste 210
Milwaukee, WI 53212
tel. 414-272-5805
fax. 414-272-6235
Facebook
Twitter
Donors
Become a Donor
Current Donors
Foundation Funds
Investment Information
Donor Stories
Give Online
Grants
Recent Grants
Grants at Work
Grant Seekers
Professional Advisers
Benefits to Your Clients
Professional Adviser Resources
Herbert J. Mueller Society
Adviser FAQs
News
Recent News
News Archive
Media Kit
Community Leadership
Thriving Communities
Connected People
Responsive Grantmaking
Impact Investing
Civic Engagement
About Us
Our Mission, Vision and Values
History of Foundation
Board of Directors
Staff
Financial Information
Annual Report
Awards
Counties We Serve
Careers
Stay Connected
Confirmed in compliance with National Standards for U.S. Community Foundations
©2020 Greater Milwaukee Foundation Site Map | Privacy Statement