http://www.csmonitor.com/EqualEd/2019/0305/Schools-help-teachers-with-a-new-kind-of-homework-finding-a-place-to-live
Skip to main content
Skip to main menu
Skip to search
Skip to footer
This website uses cookies to
improve functionality and performance. By continuing to browse the site
you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Close
Search for:
Subscribe: $11 / Month
Subscribe to the Monitor
Give the Monitor
Manage subscription
Subscription
Manage subscription
Give the Monitor
Monitor Daily Current Issue
Complete coronavirus coverage
Home
World
All World
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Asia: South & Central
Europe
Middle East
Coronavirus response
Progress Watch
Navigating Uncertainty
People Making a Difference
Global Voices
USA
All USA
Politics
Monitor Breakfast
Politics Watch
Foreign Policy
Military
Justice
Education
Education Watch
Society
Commentary
All Commentary
The Monitor's View
Readers Respond
From the Editor
Global Newsstand
A Christian Science Perspective
Economy
Science & Nature
Science
Science Notebook
Environment
Technology
Culture
All Culture
Arts
Music
Movies
Monitor Movie Guide
TV
In a Word
The Home Forum
Culture Cafe
Family
Food
Recipe Categories
Books
All Books
Book Reviews
Author Q&As
Readers' Recommendations
Podcasts
Monitor Daily
Perception Gaps
Rethinking the News
Photos of the Week
Monitor Weekly PDF
About Us
Your Account
Log in
Log out
Manage subscription
Change password
Change email
Your subscriptions
Contact customer service
Support the Monitor
Subscribe
Give a gift subscription
Give a gift subscription
Support Monitor journalism
Free offers
Sign up for Monitor newsletters
One month free trial to the Monitor Daily
Get news that uplifts and empowers
See our other FREE newsletters.
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
Select free newsletters:
The Weekender
A selection of the most viewed stories this week on the Monitor's website.
Every Saturday
Announcements
Hear about special editorial projects, new product information, and upcoming events.
Occasional
Politics
An update on major political events, candidates, and parties twice a week.
Twice a Week
Science & Nature
Stay informed about the latest scientific discoveries & breakthroughs.
Every Tuesday
Commentary
A weekly digest of Monitor views and insightful commentary on major events.
Every Thursday
Books
Latest book reviews, author interviews, and reading trends.
Every Friday
Culture & Learning
A weekly update on music, movies, cultural trends, and education solutions.
Every Thursday
Christian Science Perspective
The five most recent Christian Science articles with a spiritual perspective.
Every Monday
Close
×
EqualEd
Young lives. Old problems. New solutions.
Schools help teachers with a new kind of homework: finding a place to live
Why We Wrote This
A year of teacher walkouts in the US has been forcing communities to face school underfunding and low pay. But some school districts are offering housing to attract and retain new teachers.
Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP/File
Kindergarten teacher Katy Howser looks out from her apartment balcony in Santa Clara, Calif., in December 2015. Providing and subsidizing housing for teachers is one way school districts in rural and high cost-of-living areas are addressing teacher shortages.
Loading...
March 5, 2019
Two ways to read the story
Quick Read
Deep Read ( 4 Min. )
By
Story Hinckley
@storyhinckley
Joanna Tulabing, a sixth-grade English teacher, sits on a bench in front of her house and draws an open palm across her body, as if she is presenting the winning prize on a game show. “Three parking spots, a shed, and backyard,” she says, describing how her home was one of the main reasons she decided to move to rural New Mexico four years ago.Ms. Tulabing and her husband pay $475 a month for their two-bedroom apartment, which comes with free utilities. She lives in the teacherage, a neighborhood of small, affordable homes built exclusively for the town’s teachers. As school districts across the country struggle to recruit and retain teachers, many are experimenting with alternative housing solutions.While some education experts say districts should just raise teachers’ salaries, some districts see housing as a tangible improvement they can make. “It’s good for us, it’s good for our kids,” says Gerald Horacek, an assistant superintendent at Gallup McKinley County Schools, in Gallup, N.M. “These things help the schools improve academically.”
THOREAU AND GALLUP, N.M.
Taryn Perkins remembers searching for Thoreau, N.M. on a map.Last summer, she and her husband were both offered teaching jobs there that seemed perfect, and the couple had always loved small, rural communities. But Thoreau seemed … really small and really rural.“Where would we even live when we get there?” Ms. Perkins recalls thinking. The school district soon told Ms. Perkins and her husband about the teacherage: a neighborhood of small, affordable homes in Thoreau built exclusively for the town’s teachers.“We were ecstatic to find that out,” says Perkins. “It’s been a huge blessing.”As school districts across the country struggle to recruit and retain teachers, many are also experimenting with different ways to help with housing – especially in rural districts, which typically have more staffing struggles. Thoreau, for example, a town of fewer than 2,000 people on the outskirts of the Navajo Nation, has cut teacher vacancies by almost 95 percent in the last few years by offering subsidized rent in the teacherage.
Trump in 2024? For now, president’s hints are freezing GOP field.“We face odds that other districts just don’t face,” says Gerald Horacek, assistant superintendent of curriculum and instruction at Gallup McKinley County Schools, from his office in Gallup, N.M., the closest town to Thoreau, a 30-minute drive away. “How do you incentivize for qualified, quality teachers to go there when they can come here? You have to provide housing.”A real incentive
Joanna Tulabing, a sixth-grade English teacher at Thoreau Middle School, sits on a bench in front of her house and draws an open palm across her body, as if she is presenting the winning prize on a game show.“Three parking spots, a shed, and backyard,” she says, describing how her home was one of the main reasons she decided to move to Thoreau four years ago.Ms. Tulabing and her husband pay $475 a month for their two-bedroom apartment, which comes with free utilities. It’s a great deal, says Tulabing, and it’s convenient: When the weather is nice, she can walk to work.The teacherage plays a big part in encouraging teachers like Tulabing to come to – and stay in – places like Thoreau.In 2016, Gallup McKinley started the school year with 120 vacancies on the first day of school. By 2018, that number had dropped to just 7, a change Mr. Horacek attributes to the teacherage.And while the district is still one of the lowest performing in the country, it’s improving: 600 more students became proficient in math and reading last school year – the district’s greatest ever year-over-year growth. Gallup McKinley has offered forms of teacher housing since the 1960s, but the district attributes the recent success to, among other things, increased housing incentives such as free utilities and a few months of free rent.“It’s good for us, it’s good for our kids,” says Horacek. “These things help the schools improve academically.”Helping teachers stay in the professionThe average teacher salary is below the family living wage in more than half of US states, according to a study last year by Education Resources Strategies, and teachers in large, coastal cities can spend up to 70 percent of their income on rent – far above the recommended share of 30 percent. Largely because of these financial struggles, almost 20 percent of teachers leave the profession within their first five years of teaching, and thousands of classrooms face teacher vacancies each year. All of this affects students, who do better with less teacher turnover.“I’ve interviewed hundreds of teachers over the years and a line that comes up is, ‘I never expected to get rich.... But now I’m not paid enough to be able to afford teaching anymore,’ ” says Susan Moore Johnson, an education professor at Harvard University and director of The Project on the Next Generation of Teachers, a group that focuses on recruiting and retaining a strong teacher force.Some education experts say districts should just raise teachers’ salaries instead of putting money toward housing incentives. But in low-populated, rural districts such as Gallup McKinley, housing for teachers quite simply doesn’t exist. These districts see it as a tangible improvement they can make.Several urban districts like San Francisco, where teachers are often priced out of living in the district, are also experimenting with alternative housing solutions for teachers. Dare County Schools, located in the Outer Banks of North Carolina, says its affordable teacher housing allowed the district to recruit enough teachers to build a foreign language program. The Miami-Dade school system in southern Florida is considering building residential complexes on school grounds, and a district in San Mateo County, Calif., plans to break ground on a 116-unit apartment building for teachers this year.Housing or not, building a community for rural teachers can make a big difference for recruitment and retainment, says Robert Mahaffey, executive director of The Rural School and Community Trust in Alexandria, Va.“The most important part of staffing schools in rural places is community-placed support for the school,” says Mr. Mahaffey. “If the teacher feels welcomed and engaged and a part of the community, [he or she] is more likely to stay.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox.
Tulabing never saw herself living in a place like Thoreau, but now she can’t imagine leaving. First, because of the home she made in the teacherage, and secondly, because of her colleagues – whom she also can call her neighbors.“I thought it was going to be really difficult,” says Tulabing. “But when I came into this building and started to meet my colleagues … they are the friendliest people I have met.”
Related stories
For young Native Americans, running is a lesson in their own history
‘It’s like we don’t exist’: California’s invisible rural housing crisis
A new candidate class: schoolteachers running for office
Share this article
Copy link
Link copied.
×
of
stories this month
>
Get unlimited stories
You've read  of  free articles.
Subscribe to continue.
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Get unlimited Monitor journalism.
Learn more
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Already a subscriber? Login
Digital subscription includes:
Unlimited access to CSMonitor.com.
CSMonitor.com archive.
The Monitor Daily email.
No advertising.
Cancel anytime.
Subscribe
Like what you see here?
Less noise. More insight.
SUBSCRIBE TODAY