http://www.douglasdunes.com/privacy-policy
269.857.1401
info@dunesresort.com
Privacy Policy
Who we are Our website address is: https://dunesresort.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it Personal data is information that can be used to identify you such as your name, IP address, and email address. As a business, we collect personal data from you in a number of ways including:
Media If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact Forms
Contact Us: Your Name, Address, Email & Phone, Business Name
Opt-In To Email Downloads: Your name and address.
Transaction: You name, email address, billing information and payment source.
Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics Google Analytics – Randomized IP address data for tracking of source & location data
Who we share your data with We process and access to the data we collect from you. However, we use third parties to assist us with processing your personal data including the following categories of recipients:
Financial transaction processors (processing your payments)
Customer service communication platform
Email communication manager
Website management services
These third parties have a signed contract with us in which they are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any purpose other than we dictate.
How long we retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Do We Transfer Your Data To Third Countries? No. We are located in the United States. Your data is collected and held here.
Your Right To Ask For Corrections, Erasure, And Export Of Your Data You have the right to control your personal data. Specifically, you have the following rights:
The right to be informed: We are informing you now with this policy.
The right of access: We’ll provide you with the data we have about you.
The right to rectification: Request we fix incorrect data about you.
The right to erasure: Request we erase certain data about you.
The right to restrict processing: Ask us to restrict certain type of processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability: Ask us to provide your personal data we have for export.
The right to object: Object to how we use your data.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling: We don’t profile you, but keep in mind you have this right with other sites.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact info@dunesresort.com with your request.
Your Right To Withdraw Consent Although this is mentioned above, we want to emphasize that wherever we’ve asked for your consent to collect or process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you receive email messages from us, you can use the “unsubscribe” link in each message to withdraw consent and stop the mailings. Alternatively, you can contact us at info@dunesresort.com with your request.
Privacy Policy Modifications and Updates We may update and modify this Privacy Policy at any time. In doing so, we will post a notice on the site 30 days before the change goes into effect and forward an email message to you should we have an email address for you.
Legal Disclosures of Personal Information We may process, store, and disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the site.
DMCA DisclosuresWe comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998. As part of the compliance process, we may be required to disclose whatever information we have for you to a copyright holder who has submitted a complaint to us.
Third Party Websites We link to other sites, but please keep in mind that we do not control the privacy policies of those sites. Make sure to review the policies of any such sites before providing your personal information.
Sale of Business Should we sell this site or our business, your personal information will be an asset transferred to the new owner.
E-commerce, Privacy and Security Policy
The Dunes Resort does not share or sell personal or financial information to any third party companies or individuals. The Dunes Resort utilizes Shift4 and Heartland Payment Systems for all credit card transactions. Shift4 is a leader in online credit card processing and you can be assured that your credit card information is protected. All transactions and information are encrypted; including credit card numbers, names and addresses. Dunes Resort strongly beleives in protecting customers personal information and has taken all steps necessary to make sure the customer transactions are safe and secure. Let us know if you have any questions. Please do not hesitate to call us, we are here to serve you!
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
x
Winter Statement
We want to thank everyone that visited us this year and helped keep The Dunes safe this summer.
Our guests' and patrons' safety and health are our main priorities. As the cooler temps are forcing us to move indoors, we have made the decision to close for the winter season, beginning November 2. We know indoor events are major spreaders of COVID-19. For this reason, we do not feel comfortable keeping our bar and resort open.
This is not goodbye, simply a "see ya later." We look forward to welcoming you back next year. Make sure to go online and get your room booked for 2021!
More Information
X