http://www.michiganfuneralhome.com/privacy.htm
Simple Cremation $695.00
Statewide Funeral & Cremation Services in Michigan
Privacy
Policy
Michigan Funeral Home's
commitment to privacy:
The protection of your privacy is very important to us. The only
personal information we collect is that information you voluntarily
provide to us because you have requested us to process financial
transactions for you. We will obtain only the information that is
needed to provide our goods or services. Personal information, such as
your e-mail address, is not collected, unless you provide it. Michigan
Funeral Home does not disclose domain name or personal information to
third parties. Michigan Funeral Home's policy limits access to
personal information that is collected to only those employees of
Michigan Funeral Home who need the information to complete the
transaction. All communications of your personal data will either be
encrypted at the highest available levels of security or transmitted
over a dedicated, secured lease line. Employees violating the Michigan
Funeral Home Privacy Policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to
and including dismissal.
Michigan Funeral
Home
uses appropriate security safeguards:
We employ appropriate measures, including advanced technology to
protect personal information collected against unauthorized access.
disclosure, alteration or destruction. These may include, among other
things, encryption, physical access security, dedicated lines,
computer firewalls and other appropriate technologies. We review and
enhance security systems as necessary.
Please feel free to use our web site
as a research tool to help collect information so that you and your family
can make an informed decision.
Statewide Funeral &
Cremation Services in Michigan
1-800-613-4854
Funeral Prices  /
Cremation Prices  /
Casket Prices  /
Worldwide Shipping  /
Information Form  /
Pre-Planning  /
Home  /
Urns  /
Monuments  /
Helpful Links  /
About Us  /  Contact
Us  /
For the best Web Design & Web Support
in Michigan
Contact the Web Designer here
© Copyright 2004, all rights reserved
Michigan Funeral
Home.  Michigan Funeral Home is a service of Purse Funeral Home
The Batesville® name and images are trademark
protected property of Hillenbrand Industries. ©2004 Batesville Services;
Inc. REPRINTED WITH PERMISSION-ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | © Wilbert Funeral
Services, Inc. 1998-2001 | © Trigard 2003 | | © York 2003 | ©2003 Purse
Funeral Home; an authorized Batesville reseller, authorized Trigard
reseller, authorized York Reseller, authorized Wilbert reseller,
authorized Doric Reseller. All Rights Reserved, Michigan Funeral Home
2004.