http://www.paranormal.com.au/privacy
Home
Forum
Help
Search
Paranormal.com.au »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to users, information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Privacy Notice
Paranormal.com.au knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Paranormal.com.au, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Users Does Paranormal.com.au Gather?
The information we learn from users helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at Paranormal.com.au. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future experiences for you, improving our site features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your experience, we sometimes send you notifications of changes to our policies, and request confirmations and notifications (Such as changes to subscribed topics or received private messages). If you do not want to receive e-mail from us you will not be able to use features such as the forums.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as access to your user account, your characters and the map.
Does Paranormal.com.au Share the Information It Receives?
We respect your privacy. At no time do we ever provide your account contact or personal information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely neccessary in order to complete your request.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
Your password is cryptographically protected and your personal information in a locally stored database with access control mechanisms in place. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the "log off" link located in the menu.
Which Information Can I Access?
Paranormal.com.au gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Paranormal.com.au, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please contact us the email address below and we will try to resolve it. Our operation changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of user information collected in the past without the consent of affected users.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, make modifications to character, view roleplay information, post messages or data, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Paranormal.com.au. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your address information.
Automatic Information: For security purposes Paranormal.com.au sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal information and opens an account, or makes requests under your name.
Questions
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our members by contacting an tec...@paranormal.com.au