https://www.philafound.org/onthetable/legal/
LEGAL
Home
|
On the Table Philly
|
Legal
On the Table Philly
About On the Table Philly
Register to Host
Toolkits
FAQs and Fact Sheet
Activate Grants
News
Surveys
2019 Survey Results
November 2018 Survey Results
November 2017 Survey Results
Advisory Committee
Advisory Committee Organizations
Legal
On the Table Philly Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of each host and guest who registers at philafound.org/onthetable. This policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us as a host or guest/participant in the On the Table Philly initiative (including hosting and dinner information, information hosts provide for purposes of inviting guests, e-mail addresses, mobile telephone numbers and home ZIP codes for purposes of geographic planning and reporting on dinners and participants)
We will also need to collect information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, e-mail notifications and/or newsletters
Information on your computer including but not limited to: your IP address, geographical location, browser and operating system;
Any other information that you choose to send to us.
USE OF COOKIES
Our website uses cookies. We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available here.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, while some browsers allow you to reject just third-party cookies. Blocking all cookies may, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
administer the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website, including registering as a dinner host or guest, setting up a dinner/event page, inviting guests to a dinner, etc.;
send you general communications regarding On the Table Philly;
send you e-mail notifications specific to your participation in the On the Table Philly initiative;
send you marketing communications relating to the Philadelphia Foundation and to the On the Table initiative which we think may be of interest to you, by post, or where you have specifically agreed to this, by e-mail or similar technology (and you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
compile and use statistical information about users as it relates to overall project response and results;
deal with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
keep the website secure and prevent fraud;
verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of the website (including monitoring message board content).
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us. We will not, without your express consent, provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
DISCLOSURES
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, nor should you expect, that your personal information or other communications will always remain secure. Users should take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure e-mail. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s website (www.ftc.gov) for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
POLICY AMENDMENTS
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are informed of any changes.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by e-mail.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity for this purpose.
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to us. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by e-mail OnTheTable@philafound.org or by mail to the Philadelphia Foundation, 1835 Market Street, Suite 2410, Philadelphia, PA 19103.
ON THE TABLE HOST WAIVER OF LIABILITY
By registering as a host on this website, host agrees to accept and assume full responsibility and liability for any injury, theft, or loss to host or host’s property, guests, agents and/or employees at any time and from any cause while at the event location, or in transit to or from said event. Host registrant expressly agrees to release the Philadelphia Foundation and/or any of its agents and/or employees from any and all liability for any injury, theft or loss, and agrees to provide and pay for host’s own insurance.
ON THE TABLE PHOTO/VIDEO RELEASE
By uploading photo or video content via this website and its designated OnTheTablePHL social media sites, participant hereby consents to and authorizes the Philadelphia Foundation and its successors, assigns, licensees and agents (collectively “PF”) to reprint, publish, edit and distribute any and all photographs/videos in connection with the PF’s advertising, promotion and publications, in print, video or any form of media now known or hereafter developed, including, but not limited to PF and /or On the Table web sites. PF-related events, include, but are not limited to any event initiated by or participated in by PF.
Further, participant understands that he or she hereby assigns all rights for the above-described photographs/videos to the Philadelphia Foundation. Participant further acknowledges and agrees that he or she will receive no monetary payment, royalties, nor other remuneration of any kind for the use of the photographs/videos and hereby waives, releases and forever discharges PF from any and all claims, demands or liabilities arising out of or in connection with the use of the photographs/videos.
©2020. The Philadelphia Foundation.All Rights Reserved.
Privacy |
Terms of Use |
Disclaimer