http://www.nettally.com/uuct/privacy.htm
Unitarian Universalist Church Of Tallahassee
UUCT Internet Privacy Policy
UUCT Internet Privacy Policy
Use of Photos
We
believe that the use of images of church activities and events is a
valuable tool in creating an attractive, accurate and relevant on-line
representation of UUCT and its activities. Therefore, we occasionally
include photographs taken by members of church activities on our
website.
In order to protect the
privacy of UUCT members and friends, we generally do not provide
personal identification information along with photographs. In cases
where identification is warranted, it will only be included with the
explicit permission of the person or parent of the person being
photographed.
If you see a
photograph of yourself or your child that you prefer not be included on
the site, or if you would like to insure that no photo of you or your
child is used on the site, feel free to contact the webmaster. We'll make the necessary arrangements to comply with your request.
All copyrights remain with the original photographer. Effort will be made to include credit to the photographer if known.
Use of Names
Occasionally the names of members and friends are mentioned on the website, particularly in articles from The Meridian.
In order to protect the privacy of these individuals, personal
identification information, such as images, phone number, address, or
email will not be included with these names without explicit
permission. A [name witheld] page can be linked from places where a
persons name would usually appear, if someone
requests that their name be removed
from the website.
Offsite Links Disclaimer
Some
of the links on this site lead to resources outside the web pages of
UUCT. The presence of these links should not be taken as an endorsement
by UUCT of these sites or their content. UUCT makes no guarantee or
warranty, express or implied, concerning the content or accuracy of any
material on or obtainable from any offsite links. Please contact the
website owners of those sites directly for any questions regarding
their material.
Information Accuracy
UUCT
makes every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct
and accurate. However, if inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort
to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies
or for questions about UUCT's Internet Policy, please contact the webmaster.
Updates to the UUCT Internet Policy
This
is a living document. From time to time, changes to this document may
occur to meet the ongoing needs of UUCT's online presence.
UUCT Home
Welcome
About Us
Our History
Mission & Vision
Where Are We?
Newsletter Sunday Services
Religious Education
Welcome
Youth Programs
Adult Programs
University UUs
Other Opportunities
Our HomeCity of Tallahassee
Leon County
State of Florida
Unitarian Universalism
UU Principles
The Chalice
A UU Reading List
Contact Us
UU Links
This site was last updated on
April 24, 2005
Privacy Policy  |  Contact Webmaster  |  ©2005
The Unitarian Universalist Church of Tallahasee    All Rights Reserved