http://www.tanpost.com/privacy/
Privacy |
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Contact
About
Terms
Privacy
Privacy
At Tanpost.com, we’re committed to protecting the online privacy of visitors to our website and we work towards the protection of personal information. We treat personal information with discretion, and operate our site on the basis of the policy stated below. This policy describes the way we handle personal information on the Tanpost Web site.
Collection and Use of Information
Tanpost.com automatically receives and records non-personal information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested. Tanpost.com may use this information to customize the advertising and content you see and to fulfill your requests for certain products and services. However, Tanpost.com does not connect this non-personal data to any personal information collected from you.
Tanpost.com also allows third party companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Again, these cookies are not connected to any personal information. Third party cookie usage is subject to their own privacy policies, and Tanpost.com assumes no responsibility or liability for this usage.
Non-disclosure to Third Parties
Tanpost does not disclose or provide the personal information collected from our users to any third parties, except in the circumstances stated below.
When the customer has given consent.
When disclosure of information to a website related with Tanpost is required in order to respond properly to a call.
When disclosure of personal information is required by law, Tanpost shall provide the information to the relevant government agencies only.
Security of information
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, your Tanpost.com Information is protected for your privacy and security. We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures. Further, Tanpost.com retains your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes identified above or as required by law.
Changes to the Policy
Tanpost will review and amend the above mentioned policy on the handling of the personal information of customers in accordance with relevant legislative amendments at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of Tanpost.com websites after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, or your own personal information, please contact us at www.tanpost.com/contact .
Search
Recent Posts
SEC Expands Restrictions on Players with Arrest Records
Prisma Guitars Creates New Guitar Line Crafted From Used Skate Boards
Australia: Universities Are Making a Global Push Into Free Online Education
Nigerian Senate is Accusing President of Excessive Spending on Exotic Car
School District Attempts to Communicate with Public Through The Use of an Online Survey
Categories
Education
Health
News
Politics
Small Business
Google NewsDelta is a Category 2 hurricane as it moves northeast toward Louisiana - KTRK-TV October 9, 2020Nadal and Djokovic see off spirited challenges to reach French Open final - The Guardian October 9, 2020Rick Ross is 'extremely confident' in the Heat's chances to win Game 5 vs. the Lakers | The Jump - ESPN October 9, 2020Nobel Peace Prize Elicits 'Woweee' From WFP Dog Mascot : Goats and Soda - NPR October 9, 2020Nearly 10,000 minks die after Covid-19 outbreak at Utah fur farms - NBC News October 9, 2020Trump's law-and-order mantra goes missing in wake of domestic terror plot against Democratic governor - CNN October 9, 2020Prelaunch Preparations for the Next Space Station Crew on This Week @NASA – October 9, 2020 - NASA October 9, 2020Anthony Fauci calls Rose Garden Amy Coney Barrett event a 'super spreader' - New York Post October 9, 2020NHL Free Agency Frenzy 2020: Signing Tracker and Analysis - Sports Illustrated October 9, 2020Trump declares he's 'healed' of the coronavirus, bashes DOJ and curses in two-hour interview - NBC News October 9, 2020
Powered by WordPress. Striker theme by Ossie.