http://www.creationworks.com/pages/security_privacy.html
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
The Artists of CreationWorks
Linda Southern
Customer Care
OrdersPaymentShipping & DeliveryReturnsSecurity & PrivacyOur Company
Blog
News
Community Support
RSS Syndication
Expressions of Art
Original Watercolor Paintings
Giclee Fine Art Prints
Collector's Prints
Art Cards
Note Cards
Art Shirts
Popular Artists
Linda Southern
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomeCustomer CareSecurity & Privacy
Security & Privacy
Orders  |  Returns  |  Shipping & Delivery  |  Payment  |  Security & Privacy  |  Our Company
Security
CreationWorks, LLC (CreationWorks) takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.  When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When collecting sensitive information, it is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
When you enter highly sensitive data, such as your credit card information, we process the transaction in real time and do NOT store your details. You can verify that sensitive information is being protected by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Order information is the only data stored offline and this is for backup purposes only. Order information does not contain payment details.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If unauthorized charges appear on your credit card as a result of shopping with us while using our secured server,
we will reimburse you up to the maximum $50 legal liability.
We only require that you follow the reporting steps required by the issuer of your credit card
(under the Fair Credit Billing Act, the issuer of your credit card cannot hold you liable for more that $50 of fraudulent charges.)
Privacy
This website is owned and operated by CreationWorks.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors while they interact with the content, products and services on this website (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to the Site only. It does not apply to other websites to which we link.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want you to understand what information we collect about you, how we collect it, how that information is used, and how you can control our disclosure of it. You agree that your use of the Site signifies your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
Information Collection and Use
CreationWorks requests information from you on our order form.
To buy from us, you must provide contact information and financial information.
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, this information will be used to contact you.
If you contact us for any reason, we will use your information to respond to you.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Please note that personally identifiable information is used only to provide you with a more enjoyable, convenient online experience and to help us identify and/or provide
information, products or services that may be of interest to you. We use your personally identifiable information to support and enhance your use of the Site and its features,
including without limitation: fulfilling your order; providing customer service; tracking email invitations you send; and otherwise supporting your use of the Site.
We may permit certain trusted third parties to track usage, analyze data such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name,
the date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (if any) and other parameters in the URL. This is collected in order to better understand our Web site usage,
and enhance the performance of services to maintain and operate the Site and certain features on the Site. We may use third parties to host the Site; operate various features
available on the Site; send emails; analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your orders.
Also, we may share personally identifiable or other information with our parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates.
We may transfer personally identifiable information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding)
involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control.
CreationWorks may disclose Contact Information in special cases where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against
someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use or may be causing injury or interference with our rights, property, our customers or anyone who could be harmed by such activities.
You will receive notice when your personally identifiable information might be provided to any third party for any reason other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you will have an opportunity to request that we not share such information.
How We Protect Your Information
We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information and data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
Ordering
CreationWorks is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. CreationWorks collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to add contents to their shopping baskets; therefore, the user will not be able to make purchases.
Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that CreationWorks is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us.
This can usually be done at the member information page or by e-mailing our Customer Care at
.
Children's Privacy and Parental Controls
We do not solicit any personal information from children. If you are not 18 or older, you are not authorized to use the Site. Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.
Disclaimer to Security
By consenting to the Terms and Conditions of the Site and hence the Privacy Policy, you consent that no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure. We cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you transmit such information to us at your own risk.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Our desire at CreationWorks is to Provide Inspired Artistic Creations™.
Home
|
Artists
|
Our Company
|
Security & Privacy
|
Sitemap |
Contact
All prices are in USD
All images are Copyrighted by CreationWorks, LLC, or their individual Artists.
No image or portion of this Website can be copied, used or transmitted in any form
whatsoever without written permission of CreationWorks, LLC, and the Artist copyright owner.
Copyright © 2011-2020 CreationWorks, LLC   All rights reserved
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce