http://www.wilds.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
(864) 268-4760
1000 Wilds Ridge Rd, Brevard, NC
Dates & Registration
(864) 268-4760
1000 Wilds Ridge Rd, Brevard, NC
Register Now
Camps
Adult/Family Camps
Youth Camps
Online Registration
Staff
Full-Time Staff
Former Staff
Summer Staff
C.A.M.P. Program
Weekend Volunteers
Resources
How Can I Know God?
Online Store
Product Catalog
Books
Music
Hymns
Ministry Helps
Sermons
About
Overview
History
Ken Hay
Experience The Wilds
NewsLetters
Accommodations
Brochures
Donate
Sustainer
Current Projects
Needs Corner
Summer Partner Program
Golf Tournament
Banquets
Volunteer
Contact
Directions
Connect
FAQs
Contact Us
Coronavirus
Privacy Policy
Overview
History
NewsLetters
Accommodations
Brochures
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on The Wilds websites. On some pages, you can make requests and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected on these pages are name, address, e-mail address, and phone number. We also gather certain information necessary to transact business with you. This information includes the following: name, shipping and billing addresses, company or organization name, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, username, password, and credit card information.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of this site. For example, Google Analytics could monitor how often users visit this site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to visiting this site. We may send your user ID to Google to give us a clearer picture of your use of our websites across multiple devices. This does not enable Google to identify you. We use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to help us get know what type of users visit our websites. We use Google Signals to help us get a better understanding of users’ usage of our websites across multiple devices. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our websites. Google Analytics stores a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user; however, when you visit this site again, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can manage the data Google uses for Google Signals by visiting My Activity. You may disable Demographics and Interest tracking and other Google Analytics Advertising Features using the NAI’s consumer opt-out. You may opt out by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on or by disabling cookies.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when submitting requests for information or registering to receive materials.
We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our websites.
We give you the opportunity to use PayPal to make a donation. When you click this donate button, you are transferred to the PayPal website, and you come under the privacy policies and conditions of PayPal.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order so that we can fulfill that order, including sending encrypted credit card information to our payment processor. We do not store sensitive credit card information on our servers.
We use your e-mail address to communicate with you regarding your order and to send you important information regarding your account. Some of these communications will be in the form of automated e-mail messages from our servers. We also use return e-mail addresses to answer the questions we receive.
We do not share your personally identifiable information with anyone outside our organization, with the exception of providing your credit card information to our payment processor for processing of your orders.
Should we ever use internally the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above, we will provide you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we utilize appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We use the industry-standard security technologies known as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) and TLS (Transport Layer Security) to encrypt all sensitive data transferred between your computer and the servers on which we host our site and the payment processing servers with which we communicate to help insure that your information will remain confidential during transmission. In addition, we implement numerous security measures to protect your data on our servers.
Your password is stored in encrypted form and not accessible by our staff.
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call our Corporate Office or e-mail us.