http://www.children.org/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy Notice
Terms of service
Introduction
Use of the services
Content and intellectual property
Donations made to us
Disclaimers; limitations of liability; and indemnification
Arbitration
Miscellaneous
Privacy policy
Personal data we collect and how we use it (including purposes and legal basis for processing)
Third parties with which we share personal data
Retention of personal data
Cross-border transfers of personal data
Data subject rights
Information security
Data controller contact information
Privacy policy updates
Questions
Donor privacy policy
Introduction
Children.org terms of service
Last Updated: May 7, 2018
Welcome to children.org.
Children International, a Missouri nonprofit corporation, and its affiliates provide this website and the services on this site (collectively, the “Services”) subject to these Terms of Service; our Privacy Policy; and our Copyright Policy (the “Policies”).
By using the Services, you agree to the Policies; and if you are using the Services on behalf of a business entity, then you agree to the Policies on behalf of yourself and such entity. If you do not agree with the Policies, then do not use the Services. You may not use the Services: if you are under 13; if we have restricted or terminated your use of the Services; or if your use of the Services will violate another contract.
We may amend the Policies or any part thereof at any time by providing advanced notice to you on the website or through another communication channel. Your continued use after we provide the notice constitutes consent to the amendment(s) by you and your business entity, if applicable. If you do not agree to the amendment(s), then do not continue using the Services.
THIS CONTRACT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES.
These Terms of Services include 6 parts:
Use of the services
Content and intellectual property
Donations made to us
Disclaimers; limitations of liability; and indemnification
Arbitration
Miscellaneous
1. USE OF THE SERVICES
Provision
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the Services are up and running, but we are not liable for any time during which the Services may be down. We may also modify, change or remove parts or all of the Services at any time. We may also provide links to other websites and services, and if you use such other websites or services, you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for such other sites or services.
Prohibited uses
You may not do anything through the Services that is illegal or that diminishes the purposes of our organization or that will harm the Services, including using bots or other automated systems. You may not use the Services to perform fundraising for other organizations.
In order to protect the privacy of children participating in our programs, you may not use the Services to share or otherwise communicate any child’s last name, health information or other personally identifiable information about such child, including anything that would reveal a child’s specific location within a country other than such child’s city and country.
In order to protect our children, their families and our sponsorship communities, please use caution when sharing any videos, photos, films or similar materials. These materials are intended to be used for educational purposes and to promote Children International programs while protecting the dignity of the people we serve. Use of these materials for commercial purposes or for promotion of any activity other than Children International programs is not authorized without prior permission from Children International.
Accounts and social centers
We allow certain users to create user accounts using the Services. If you create an account then we may request information about you as provided in our Privacy Policy and certain information about you may be discoverable to other account holders. Further, you are responsible for everything that happens through your account. You must keep your account credentials private and shall not allow other people to use your account. We may terminate your account at any time for any reason.
We also allow certain account holders to activate “Social Centers” using the Services. If you activate your Social Center, then additional information about you, including content you supply, may be discoverable to other Social Center users. We may terminate your Social Center access at any time for any reason.
Terms specific to “My Social Center”
If you use “My Social Center,” then for the benefit of all, you agree to these additional terms specific to “My Social Center”:
Your comments may be edited by us to protect the privacy of the children in our programs as well as our partners.
You shall not transmit, share or otherwise communicate any child’s last name, health information or other personally identifiable information about such child, including anything that would reveal a child’s specific location within a country other than such child’s city and country.
You may choose to upload your own photographs to your Social Center but you shall adhere to strict guidelines regarding online decency; you shall not submit or upload any photos or other content that is questionable; and you accept full responsibility for any photos or other content you submit of questionable content.
You shall keep all discourse civil (no name-calling, no foul language, no personal attacks, etc.).
If you have any doubt about whether something should be posted, contact us privately.
Do not post anyone's email address without their prior consent (our staff members, fellow group members, etc.).
We welcome members of fellow humanitarian organizations to use the Services and the Social Center; however, such members shall not use the Services for fundraising or soliciting for other organizations.
These “My Social Center” specific terms are in addition to all other terms in the Policies.
Back to top
2. CONTENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Users of the Services may submit to us content including text, stories, photos, videos and other content. By submitting such content you represent and warrant that: you own such content and the intellectual property to the same; you have the right to submit the same to us for our use; and you thereby grant us an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, sub-licensable, royalty-free, license to use the same, including the right to reproduce, prepare derivative works from, distribute, display and perform the same, for any reason, with or without attribution. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you in advance if we desire to use your content on our blog; however, the license you have granted to us gives us the right to use it without such notice. Unfortunately, due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that other users of the website or Services that have access to the content you share will not use such content in a way that might violate your rights and we disclaim all liability for such uses by other users.
Your termination of your use of the website and/or the Services, or any portion thereof, does not terminate the above described license. Further, you may request that we remove your content from our systems but we may not be able to do so, and we are not obligated to do so. We also have no obligation to retain any of your content.
Intellectual property rights
All of the content on the website and all of the software and website design/code is owned by us, licensed to us, or likely owned by another individual or entity and all of the same may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property laws. Your use of the Services does not grant any rights to you other than the right to use the Services for its intended purpose.
We respect the copyrights of others. Please refer to our Copyright Policy if you have any concerns regarding copyrights in or to the content on our website.
Back to top
3. DONATIONS MADE TO US
We offer certain users of the website the ability to make donations to us. If you elect to use the Services to make a donation to us, we may ask for certain personally identifiable information, including payment information. We may also have additional rules and policies regarding the same and all donations are subject to such other rules and policies.
We greatly appreciate your donations and thank you for your generosity.
Back to top
4. DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATIONS; AND INDEMNIFICATION
The website and Services are offered on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis and subject to the following disclaimers and limitations. We do not control or vet user-generated content on the site. We do not provide any express warranties or representations and disclaim any and all imputed warranties and representations, including all warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, accuracy of data and noninfringement. We disclaim all liability for identity theft and other misuse of your identity or other content. We do not make any guarantees regarding the operation of the website and Services, portions or all of which may be unavailable at times or terminated permanently.
Except as expressly provided in another contract between you and us, your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the website or Services is to terminate your account. Neither us nor any of our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or the owners, members, directors, officers, employees, contractors or agents of any of the same (“Affiliates”) shall be cumulatively liable for any special, incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential damages or loss of use, profit, revenue or data to you or any third person arising from your use of the Services, any platform applications or any of the content or other materials on, accessed through or downloaded through the Services. This limitation of liability shall apply regardless of whether you base your claim on contract, tort, statute or any other legal theory; we knew or should have known about the possibility of such damages; or the limited remedies provided in this section fail of their essential purpose.
You shall save, indemnify and hold us and our Affiliates harmless for all damages, losses and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) related to all third-party claims, charges and investigations caused by your failure to comply with the Policies, including without limitation, your submission of content that violates third-party rights or applicable laws and any activity in which you engage on or through the Services.
Back to top
5. ARBITRATION
You agree that any dispute or claim that you may have that is related to the website or your use of the Services shall be resolved by binding arbitration rather than in court (arbitration does not involve a judge or jury and court review of arbitration awards is limited). If you have a claim, you should send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent in Missouri.
The Missouri Arbitration Act and Missouri arbitration law applies to the Policies and your use of the Services. The rules of the American Arbitration Association shall apply to the arbitration, but we are not required to use such association to conduct the actual arbitration. You agree that disputes and claims will be conducted and resolved on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds to a court, then we each waive any right we may have to a jury trial.
Notwithstanding the above, we may bring suit in a court to enjoin infringement or misuse of intellectual property or confidential information.
Back to top
6. MISCELLANEOUS
Termination
You may only terminate this agreement with us by suspending your use of the website and Services and delivering written notice to us of your termination. However, you will remain liable for any damage you caused or may later cause to us, the website or the Services.
We may terminate this agreement with you, or any portion thereof, or any access to the website or Services or any portion thereof, for any reason or no reason, at any time, with or without notice to you. Such termination may be immediate or may be at a future date. We may also restrict or prohibit future use of the website and Services by you.
Upon termination of this agreement, you shall immediately cease using the website and the Services.
Applicable law
This agreement and all of our policies are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, United States of America, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such state, the Missouri Arbitration Act and applicable U.S. federal law.
Contact
Except as otherwise required, all notices and communications that you may send to us shall be sent to us, with all expenses prepaid, at the following address: Children International, Attn: Amy Brown, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO 64131. You may send informal communications to us via email at children@children.org.
Assignment
We may assign the Policies to any third-party and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by said successors or assigns. You may not assign your rights or obligations under the Policies without our prior and expressed written consent.
Waiver
The failure or delay by us to exercise any right or remedy set forth in the Policies will not operate as a waiver thereof. The waiver by us of a breach of any provision hereof will not operate as a waiver of any subsequent breach. No waiver by us will be effective unless and until it is in written form and signed by us.
Back to top
Children.org privacy policy
Effective Date: March 12, 2020
Welcome to children.org. Your privacy is important to Children International (“us” or “we”). We developed this Privacy Policy to provide you with information about the types of personal data we collect from you and how we process your personal data when you use this website (collectively, “our Site”) and other Children International services (collectively, “our Services”).
This Privacy Policy covers the following topics. To jump to a specific section of this Privacy Policy, please click on a link below:
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT (INCLUDING PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING)
THIRD PARTIES WITH WHICH WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
INFORMATION SECURITY
DATA CONTROLLER CONTACT INFORMATION
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
QUESTIONS
1. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT (INCLUDING PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING)
Like most websites, when you visit our Site, we collect information about your use of our Site through actions you take, including, but not limited to, clicking on links and buttons, searching our Site and submitting content.
Personal data that is processed when you communicate with us
When you interact with us via email, telephone, online, chat, social media outlets and written communications or otherwise, we may collect personal data, including, without limitation, your name, phone number, email address and language preferences, as well as information pertaining to the issue with which you are communicating with us.
If you provide us with contact information (e.g., email address, home address, phone number), we may use that contact information to communicate with you using various means, including by email, text messages, online chats, written communications and telephone calls. If you provide us with your telephone number, we may contact you via telephone about your support, your account, your sponsored child and other matters related to Children International programs, as well as about additional sponsorship and support opportunities.
We also may create event logs that we use to diagnose Site performance issues and to capture information relating to the Site or service issue. To improve customer service, we may record and review your conversations with us, and analyze feedback you provide to us concerning our customer service. With your permission, we may log in to your Children International account, as appropriate, in order to help troubleshoot and resolve any technical issues you are having.
Purposes and legal grounds: We use this information to provide you with service support, to respond to inquiries, and to monitor and improve the quality and types of services and customer, product, and service support we provide to our customers. We process this information because of our legitimate interest in providing quality services and customer, product and service support, and ensuring customer satisfaction. The reason for logging in to your Children International account, if appropriate, is to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue, with your consent, which you may withdraw at any time. If you are in the European Union or another country that requires obtaining your consent before processing your data, we will seek your consent before doing so and will process your personal data based on your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions in Data subject rights below.
Personal data that is processed when you create an account through our site or otherwise seek access to Children International services and information
When you create an account through our Site or otherwise seek access to our Services and information, we collect personal data, including your name, phone number, street address, email address, demographic information (e.g. birthday, gender, marital status), language preference, credit card and other payment information, your password, your contacts with us (including any Site content and photos you provide), your sponsored children, and others via our Site services, as well as information about your giving history and your sponsored children history.
Purposes and legal grounds:
Providing you with account access. We process your email address and password when you use your email address and password for the purpose of enabling you to register for, log in to, and use your Children International account. We use this information to identify and authenticate your identity so that you may be provided with access to your account. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is Children International’s legitimate interest in protecting the security of your Children International account and enabling you to access our services.
Providing you with account information. We also process your contact information for the purpose of sending you information about your Children International account, your sponsorships and our related services. The name you provide is associated with your account profile. We process your contact information for these purposes because of our legitimate interest in providing you with information about your Children International sponsorships and donations, and our related services.
Providing you with requested information. If you choose to sign up for our emails or any other communications from us, we will use your contact information for the purposes of sending you the information you have requested. We process your contact information for this purpose because of our legitimate interest in providing you with the information for which you signed up.
Providing you with information concerning sponsorship, Children International in general and donation opportunities. Children International and our trusted third-party service providers also may use your email address, telephone number and other contact information for the purpose of sending you surveys and providing you with communications concerning sponsorship, donation and fundraising opportunities, and sponsor and supporter community activities and networking opportunities. We process your email address and other contact information for this purpose because of our legitimate interest in sending marketing communications relating to sponsorship and donation opportunities. Where and as required by law, we will provide you with the opportunity to either opt in or opt out of receiving any such communications from Children International at the time we collect your contact information. If you do not initially opt out of receiving marketing communications, but subsequently decide that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Children International, you will have the opportunity to opt out from receiving marketing communications from Children International at any time by clicking the preferences or unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of our marketing emails or by contacting us to adjust your communication preferences. The communications you receive from Children International may be based on information that you provide to us when you sign up for a Children International account (e.g., the city/state/country in which you are located). The reason for processing your personal data for this purpose is because of our legitimate interest in providing our current and potential child sponsors and donors with information they have requested and with electronic marketing communications that are likely to be of interest to them.
Protecting our sponsored children. We also process your personal data for the purpose of protecting the children enrolled in our program. Background checks are required for all visitors to our field agencies and sponsored children. The legal ground for processing your personal data for these purposes is Children International’s legitimate interest in protecting the children in our program. All sponsors are screened against a United States national sex offender registry. Registered sex offenders are not permitted to sponsor. The reason for processing your personal information for this purpose is because of our legitimate interest in protecting the children we serve.
Enabling you to communicate with your sponsored children. We may offer services to you through the Site that enable you to contact children that you sponsor through our programs. Such communications should not be viewed as private. All such communications may be accessed and monitored by us in accordance with our Site Terms of Service, which we periodically update. We process your personal data for this purpose because of our legitimate interest in providing our sponsors with a channel for communicating with their sponsored children, and Children International’s legitimate interest in helping to ensure the well-being and protection of the children who are supported through our programs.
Enabling you to communicate with others. If you create an account and/or activate your Social Center, then other users will be able to contact you directly using the Social Center on our Site. Such communications should not be viewed as private. Any information you share with and receive from users in communications using our Social Center will be shared with them, and also will be accessible to and subject to potential monitoring by us. The legal ground for processing your personal data for this purpose is Children International’s legitimate interest in providing our sponsors, donors and Site users with a channel for communicating with others through our Social Center, and our legitimate interest in helping to ensure the well-being and protection of the children who are supported through our programs.
Personal data that is processed when you donate through our site
When you sponsor children or otherwise donate money, we collect and store your payment information, which may include credit and debit card data, including account number, account type and account holder name. For electronic ACH (Automated Clearing House) payments, routing number and account number (which is encrypted) will be stored.
Safeguarding your personal information is very important to us and the vendors we use to process electronic payments. The credit card processors and the banks they work with have developed PCI payment and security standards, which are called PCI Standards. We meet those PCI Standards for electronic and physical protection of personal identity information; that means we are PCI compliant. We employ electronic security tools to monitor, scan and test our systems to protect against unauthenticated electronic access to data. We use SSL encryption on all website connections; we follow strict guidelines around password protection; we use secure firewalls to prevent unauthorized outside access to our servers, which are tested annually by a third-party security vendor. In addition, we strictly restrict physical access to our servers and personal data storage areas. We also conduct comprehensive security assessments no less frequently than annually.
We use third-party electronic payment vendors to process payment card and ACH data, as well as other personal data required to authenticate certain online payments when contributions are made. Those vendors are also required to comply with the PCI Standards by us and by the banks they work with.
Purposes and legal grounds:
Payment processing.
When you provide donations via credit card or debit card or ACH, Children International will transfer your payment data (e.g., payment card data, account type, account holder name) and billing details, including recurring payment schedule if applicable, to third-party electronic payment vendors (also known as payment gateways) that process electronic payment data so that you may pay for such services. For all such payments, Children International only transfers payment data through protected servers. We process your payment data in order to effect payment necessary for the performance of a contract between Children International and our child sponsors and donors.
Personal data that is processed concerning job applicants
If you send us your résumé (or equivalent), via email or otherwise, to apply for an open position at Children International, we may collect a variety of personal data, including your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, work experience, education history, references, information about your applicable degrees, licenses and certifications, whether you are legally eligible to work, whether you have a valid driver’s license, and your salary expectations.
Purposes and legal grounds: We process this information for the purpose of permitting you to be considered for positions that Children International is seeking to fill. This information is processed in support of our legitimate interest in analyzing résumé information in connection with identifying qualified candidates to fill positions at Children International.
Usage data automatically collected through cookies and tracking technologies data
Data collected through our cookies.
Like most websites, we automatically collect usage data (such as your IP address and browser details) when you interact online with our Site through cookies and other types of data files (such as web beacons and similar tracking technologies). Cookies allow us to identify your computer or other electronic device, your location (if location services are enabled), the type of device you are using, and other information relating to your Site usage. We use this information to improve our Site and offerings, and to enhance your experience on the Site.
Data collected through third-party cookies. When you visit our Site, cookies also may be placed on your computer or device by third-party services that are integrated into our Site. For example, third-party cookies are used by Google Universal Analytics for purposes of tracking our Site traffic. This allows us to better understand how our users use our Site across devices. These cookies collect certain data (such as your IP address, the type of browser and/or operating system you use, time and date, and information relating to the content you are viewing) when you visit our Site. These third parties also may use such cookie data in order to provide advertisements to you about our events, programs, and giving opportunities that are anticipated to be of interest to you.
Cookie consent. If you are in the European Union or another country that requires obtaining your consent before processing your cookie and other usage data, we will seek your consent before doing so and will process your personal data based on your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions in the next section.
Your control of cookies. Most web browsers allow users some control of most cookies through browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Personal data that is processed for legal purposes
We may need to disclose your information, including your personal data, when required by subpoena or other legal process, or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect the children we sponsor, to protect our legal rights, or for any other valid legal purpose.
Purposes and legal grounds: We process this information because of our legitimate interest in meeting our legal obligations and protecting our legal interests.
Personal data obtained from third parties
We may combine the personal data that is obtained through this Site with other personal data (e.g., demographic information) that we have collected online and offline, including data from third party sources.
Back to top
2. THIRD PARTIES WITH WHICH WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
We share your personal data with the following types of third parties under the following circumstances:
Third-party service providers. We share your personal data with our third-party service providers, who may use your personal data in connection with hosting and operating our Site and performing other requested services for us (e.g., data storage, data analytics, data quality enhancements, research, marketing). To the extent that you provide your personal data directly to an identified third-party service provider, you should review that service provider’s privacy policy for information on its privacy practices relating to payment card data and other personal data.
Third-party electronic payment vendors. We use third-party electronic payment vendors to process payment card and ACH data, as well as other personal data required to authenticate certain online payments when contributions are made.
Governmental entities and third parties.
We may disclose personal data about you to governmental entities, such as regulatory agencies, law enforcement and judicial authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, as well as other third parties under any of the following conditions: (a) if we have your valid consent to do so; (b) to comply with a valid subpoena, legal order, court order, search warrant, legal process, or other legal obligation; (c) to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies; (d) as necessary in the case of emergencies or internal security matters; or (e) as necessary to pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims.
Other site users:
Unless you designate your profile as private, the basic information on your profile (for instance, your name and photo) will be available to other users of the Site. Additionally, if you provide any additional content to your Social Center, such as photos, text and other works, such content will be available to other users of the Social Center. And, of course, any communications you send and receive using your Children International account will be shared with those persons to whom they are sent.
3. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Children International will retain your personal data for only as long as needed for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and to meet Children International’s legal obligations.
Back to top
4. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
Our Site is hosted in the United States, and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, your personal data will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our Site platform is located. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. For example, personal data transferred to the United States may be subject to lawful access requests by federal and state authorities in the United States.
Back to top
5. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Right to object to processing If you reside in the European Union, you have a right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling related to direct marketing. “Profiling” means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a data subject, such as when we provide you with a specific type of direct marketing information based on information you provided us when you signed up for a Children International account. If you exercise your right to object to processing for direct marketing purposes, including profiling related to direct marketing, we will no longer process your personal data for such purposes. Additionally, if you reside in the European Union, you have a right to object when we process your personal data based on the legitimate interests of Children International or a third party. If you exercise your right to object where our processing or sharing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests, that may result in the cancellation of your account. Children International will no longer process or share the personal data covered by your objection unless Children International has compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or sharing that override your objection or that relate to the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. If you live in the European Union and wish to exercise your right to object, please contact Children International by emailing Privacy@children.org or by writing to Data Protection Officer c/o Privacy at Children International, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO, 64131, USA. If you reside outside of the European Union, you may have a similar right to object under your local laws. If you do not live in the European Union but you think you have a right to object under your local laws, please contact Children International by emailing Privacy@children.org or by writing to Data Protection Officer c/o Children International, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO, 64131, USA.
Other data subject rights
If you reside in the European Union, you may also, under certain circumstances specified within the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, data portability, restriction of processing of your personal data, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you live in the European Union, and if you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact Children International by emailing Privacy@children.org or by writing to Data Protection Officer c/o Children International, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO 64131, USA. For more information on lodging a complaint, you should contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA). If you reside outside of the European Union, you may have similar rights under your local laws. If you wish to exercise any available data subject rights, please contact Children International by emailing Privacy@children.org or by writing to Data Protection Officer c/o Children International, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO, 64131, USA.
Online tracking
Children International does not track our users over time and across third-party websites and online services (e.g., mobile apps), and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party sites and apps may track your browsing activities when they provide you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. Third parties may collect personal data relating to your online activities over time and across different websites and apps when you use our Site.
Request for California privacy information
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, a part of California’s Consumer Records Act, Children International customers who are California residents may request, once per calendar year, information regarding the types of customer information shared by Children International with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, during the previous calendar year, and the identities of those third parties. To request this information, California customers may send an email to Privacy@children.org with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line.
California notice for minors
Children International does not collect personal information on minors under 13 years of age.
Under California’s “Privacy Rights for California Minors in the Digital World,” if you are a California resident under the age of 18, you have the right to remove or request and obtain removal of certain content that you have publicly posted on our Site. There may be circumstances under which the law does not require or permit removal even if requested. Additionally, complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted our Site cannot be ensured. If you are a California minor wanting to request removal, please send an email detailing the specific information you would like removed to Privacy@children.org. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to any such requests.
Back to top
6. INFORMATION SECURITY
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to assist in maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal data; safeguarding against anticipated threats to the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal data; and protecting your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We also regularly audit our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. With respect to payment card information, our technical and organizational measures include all applicable security requirements in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
However, whenever personal data is processed, there is a risk that such data could be lost, misused, modified, hacked, breached and/or otherwise accessed by an unauthorized third party. No system or online transmission of data is completely secure. In addition to the technical and organizational measures that Children International has in place to protect your personal data, you should use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data, including protecting the security of your log in information and credentials. If you believe that your Children International account or any information you provided to us is no longer secure, notify us immediately by emailing Privacy@children.org or by writing to Data Protection Officer c/o Children International, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO, 64131, USA.
Back to top
7. DATA CONTROLLER CONTACT INFORMATION
Your personal data collected through our Site is controlled by Children International, which is located at 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO, 64131, USA.
Back to top
8. PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time for any reason, which may include but is not limited to new or changed services, improvements of our services, and changes in technologies and laws. You can determine the effective date of this Privacy Policy by referring to the “Effective Date” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy.
We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Such notice will be provided on our Site.
Back to top
9. QUESTIONS
You may contact us with any questions or requests relating to this Privacy Policy by emailing Privacy@children.org or by writing to Data Protection Officer c/o Children International, 2000 East Red Bridge Road, Kansas City, MO, 64131, USA.
Back to top
Children International donor privacy statement
Last Updated: February 28, 2020
Children International is committed to protecting our donors’ privacy. Our donors expect that we will use their support wisely. They also place their trust in us concerning the personal information that they may share with their gifts. We value our donors’ trust and we recognize that maintaining this trust requires us to be transparent and accountable to our supporters and the public. An organization that deals with individuals and information about individuals in its daily operations and fundraising activities must secure that information.
We maintain all records of donations to Children International according to the applicable standards for record retention in effect at the time of the donation. All records are maintained in a secure location.
Children International uses the information it collects for its own purposes. We do not share or sell donor's information, except we may share information with partners to perform work on our behalf. Our partners do not share or sell any information received from us and only use this information to provide their services. This applies to all donor information, received online and offline.
We will not send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. In exceptional circumstances, we may be required to disclose information due to a legal requirement, for grant applications and to prevent unauthorized bank credit or debit card transactions.
Children International does on occasion acknowledge donors by name and/or description of donation, after the donors have given permission for such use. From time to time, it may be necessary for Children International to change its privacy policy.
For a complete statement of our Privacy Policy and your rights, please see Privacy Policy on our website, children.org. A printed copy of Children International’s Donor Privacy Policy will be mailed to a donor upon request and is also available on our website, children.org.
Back to top
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. You can restrict cookies through your browser; however that may impair site functionality.
GOT IT
Are you sure?
ok
cancel
My order summary
Loading...
Keep giving
Checkout Now
Today's total:
Keep giving
Checkout Now