https://www.jfsottawa.com/privacy-policy/
Donate
Hide your visit
Escape
Privacy Policy
Jewish Family Services of Ottawa (JFS) is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its employees, clients, donors and volunteers. Confidentiality is at the heart of all of the programs and services we offer. We value the trust of those we deal with, and of the public, and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information that you choose to share with us.
During the course of our various projects and activities, we frequently gather and use personal information. Anyone from whom we collect such information should expect that it will be carefully protected and that any use of or other dealing with this information is subject to consent. Our privacy practices are designed to achieve this.
Personal and client information gathered by our organization is kept in the strictest of confidence. Our personnel are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent its being lost or destroyed.
JFS adheres to all legislative requirements with respect to protecting privacy, including PIPEDA. We do not rent, sell or trade our mailing lists. The information you provide will be used to deliver services and to keep you informed and up to date on our activities, including programs, services, special events, funding needs, opportunities to volunteer or to give, open houses and more, through periodic contacts. If at any time you wish to be removed from any of these contacts, simply call us at 613-722-2225 and we will gladly accommodate your request.
We regularly review our privacy practices for our various activities, and update our policy. Please check this website on an on-going basis for information on our most up-to-date practices. Questions, concerns or complaints relating to JFS privacy policies should be emailed to Rebecca Fromowitz. Further information on privacy and your rights in regard to your personal information may be found on the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at www.privcom.gc.ca.
You can protect yourself by deleting the browsing history. According to Internet browsers, the procedure for covering tracks on the Web is different. Here is how to proceed with different browsers.
* With most browsers, it is possible to use “CTRL” + SHIFT + “DELETE” to delete tracks faster*
If you are using Safari:
Choose “History” (in the menu bar at the top of the page)
Choose “Clear History”. A window opens
In the menu, choose if you want to delete “last hour”, “today”, today and yesterday” or “all history”
Safari also empty caches, the list of recent searches and removes the website icons that appear in the search and address box.
If you are using Firefox:
Choose “Open menu”
Choose “History”
Either choose “Clear Recent History”. You can then choose the time period to clear: the last hour, the last two hours, today… Or you can also choose to delete all. Confirm with “Clear now”
Either click “View History panel”. A window appears showing all visited websites. You can right-click the websites you want to delete and click “delete this page.”
If you are using Internet Explorer:
Choose “Tools” button (nut icon, top right). A column appears.
Choose “Security” and choose “Delete browsing history”.
A window appears. Some boxes are already checked by default. Be sure to uncheck them. Keep the boxes “Internet files and temporary web files”, “Cookies and website data”, “History”, “Download History”, “Form Data”. Confirm by choosing “Delete”.
If you are using Google Chrome:
In the top-right corner of the browser window, click the Chrome menu bars (3 horizontal bar icon)
Choose “History”. A window will open.
Choose “Clear Browsing Data”. A window will pop-up and you can choose again “Clear Browsing Date” for the past hour or more. Do not forget that if you clear all the browsing data, you will also clear all other websites that anyone else has visited.
If you want to delete certain website you can select them by clicking on selected websites and then choose “Remove selected items”. This will just remove the website you want to delete.
Tips on deleting your browsing history.
Chrome (Android):
1. Open the Chrome app.
2. Tap More Settings.
3. Under "Advanced," tap Privacy
Clear browsing data.
4. At the top, tap the dropdown under "Clear data from the."
5. Choose a time period, such as past hour or past day. To delete everything, select beginning of time.
6. Select the types of information you want to remove.
7. Tap Clear data.
Safari (iOS):
1. Go into the Settings app and select Safari
2. Scroll down to the very bottom and tap 'Clear History'
3. Confirm.
×