http://www.epic.org/privacy/terrorism/ata_analysis.html
(This document also available in PDF)
September 24, 2001  Analysis of Provisions of the Proposed Anti-Terrorism Act of
2001 Affecting the Privacy of Communications and Personal
Information In response to the horrendous attacks that occurred on
September 11, Attorney General Ashcroft has proposed the
Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 (ATA), a far-reaching legislative
package intended to strengthen the nation’s defense against
terrorism. Several of ATA’s provisions would vastly expand
the authority of law enforcement and intelligence agencies to
monitor private communications and access personal information.
Those provisions address issues that are complex and implicate
fundamental constitutional protections of individual liberty,
including the appropriate procedures for interception of
information transmitted over the Internet and other rapidly
evolving technologies. Despite the complexity of these matters,
the Attorney General has urged Congress to quickly approve the
proposal, which became available for analysis only within the last
several days. As Congress considers this important piece of legislation, it
should be guided by several critical factors:
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies already possess
broad authority to conduct investigations of suspected
terrorist activity. In fact, Congress approved new surveillance
powers to combat terrorism in late 1998. Describing those
provisions after enactment, an FBI national security official
said that "any one of these extremely valuable tools could be
the keystone of a successful operation" against sophisticated
foreign terrorists.
Any expansion of existing authorities should be based upon
a clear and convincing demonstration of need. Congress should
assess the likely effectiveness of any proposed new powers in
combating the threats posed by terrorist activity.
Any new authorities deemed necessary should be narrowly
drawn to protect the privacy and constitutional rights of the
millions of law-abiding citizens who use the Internet and other
communications media on a daily basis.
The longstanding distinction between domestic law
enforcement and foreign intelligence collection should be
preserved to the greatest extent possible consistent with the
need to detect and prevent terrorist activity.
Expanded investigative powers should be limited to the
investigation of terrorist activity and should not be made
generally applicable to all criminal investigations.
Analysis of Specific Provisions Pen Registers, the Internet and Carnivore Currently, the statute authorizing the use of "pen register"
and "trap and trace" devices governs real time interception of
"numbers dialed or otherwise transmitted on the telephone line to
which such device is attached." Although the use of such devices
requires a court order, it does not require a showing of probable
cause. There is, in effect, no judicial discretion, as the court
must authorize monitoring upon the mere certification by a
government attorney that the "information likely to be obtained by
such installation and use is relevant to an ongoing criminal
investigation." Therefore, these procedures lack almost all of the
significant privacy protections found in Title III, the statute
governing the interception of the actual "content" of a
communication (e.g., a phone conversation or the text of an e-mail
message). The proposed ATA (Section 101) would significantly expand law
enforcement authority to use trap and trace and pen register
devices. Current law relating to the use of such devices was
written to apply to the telephone industry, therefore the language
of the statute refers only to the collection of "numbers dialed"
on a "telephone line" and the "originating number" of a telephone
call. The proposed legislation would redefine a pen register as "a
device or process which records or decodes dialing, routing,
addressing, or signaling information transmitted by an instrument
or facility from which a wire or electronic communication is
transmitted." A trap and trace device would be defined as "a
device or process which captures the incoming electronic or other
impulses which identify the originating number or other dialing,
routing, addressing, and signaling information relevant to
identifying the source or a wire or electronic communication." By expanding the nature of the information that can be
captured, the amendment clearly expands pen register capacities to
the Internet, covering electronic mail, Web surfing, and all other
forms of electronic communications. The full impact of this
expansion of coverage is difficult to assess, as the proposed
statutory definitions are vague with respect to the types of
information that can be captured and are subject to broad
interpretations. The proposed ATA does not take into account the
unique nature of such information, which contains data far more
revealing than phone numbers, such as URLs generated while using
the Web which often contain a great deal of information that
cannot in any way be analogized to a telephone number. Although
the FBI has compared telephone calls to Internet communications to
justify invocation of the existing pen register statute to
authorize the use of its controversial Carnivore system, whether
current law in fact grants such authority remains an open and
debatable question. The proposed amendment would codify the
FBI’s questionable interpretation of the pen register
statute, thereby closing the door to fully informed and deliberate
consideration of this complex issue. When the FBI’s use of Carnivore was revealed in July 2000,
there was a great deal of concern expressed by members of
Congress, who stated their intent to examine the issues and draft
appropriate legislation. To facilitate that process, former
Attorney General Reno announced that issues surrounding Carnivore
would be considered by a Justice Department review panel and that
its recommendations would be made public. That promised report had
not been released when Ms. Reno left office, and Attorney General
Ashcroft recently announced that a high-level Department official
would complete the review process. As a result of the delay,
Congress does not yet have the benefit of the promised findings
and recommendations. Because Carnivore provides the FBI with
access to the communications of all subscribers of a
monitored Internet Service Provider (and not just those of the
court-designated target), it raises substantial privacy issues for
millions of law-abiding American citizens. Expanded Dissemination of Wiretap Information The proposed ATA (Section 103) would amend the definition of
"investigative or law enforcement officer" (for purposes of 18
U.S.C. § 2517) to include "any officer of or employee of the
executive branch of the federal government." 18 U.S.C. 2517
governs the permissive disclosure and use of intercepted
communications; information captured through interception can be
disclosed to "another investigative or law enforcement officer to
the extent that such disclosure is appropriate to the proper
performance of the official duties of the officer making or
receiving the disclosure," and the information can be used by any
officer properly in possession of the information "to the extent
appropriate to the proper performance of his duties." The
amendment would thus permit broad disclosure of information
obtained through wiretaps to any employee of the Executive branch,
without clear limits on what information may be disclosed, to
whom, or for what purposes. Although the Justice Department states
that "[t]his section facilitates the disclosure of Title
III [wiretap] information to other components of the
intelligence community in terrorism investigations," the proposal
is far more expansive, as the permitted disclosure to and use by
Executive employees would not be limited to information relating
to investigations of terrorist activitie. Use of Wiretap Information from Foreign Governments The proposed legislation (Section 105) would permit United
States prosecutors to use against American citizens information
collected overseas by foreign governments even if the interception
would have violated the Fourth Amendment if conducted by the
United States. The proposed amendment would not permit use of such
information if obtained with the "knowing participation," or at
the direction, of American law enforcement personnel if gathered
in violation of constitutional protections. The most immediate
problem with this provision is its general applicability; the
amendment is not limited to use of intercepted information
relating to terrorism investigations. Furthermore, permitting use
of private communications obtained by foreign governments without
Fourth Amendment compliance could easily invite undetectable
collusion between U.S. and foreign agencies in circumstances where
U.S. authorities would be constitutionally precluded from
obtaining the information themselves. Interception of "Computer Trespasser" Communications Existing law prohibits anyone from intentionally intercepting
or disclosing the contents of any intercepted communications
without complying with the requirements of the wiretap statute,
unless such interception and disclosure falls within one of
several statutory exceptions. The proposed ATA (Section 106) would
create a new exception, permitting government interception of the
"communications of a computer trespasser" if the owner or operator
of a "protected computer" authorized the interception. The
proposed exception has potentially broad implication, given that a
"protected computer" includes one "which is used in interstate or
foreign commerce or communication."
In light of the potential breadth of this exception, it would
be particularly inappropriate to remove any judicial oversight
from surveillance of suspected "intruder" communications. The
proposed amendment would place the determination solely in the
hands of law enforcement and the system owner or operator. In
those likely instances in which the interception does not result
in prosecution, the target of the interception would never have an
opportunity to challenge the activity. Indeed, such targets would
never even have notice of the fact that their communications were
subject to warrantless interception. For that reason, such a broad
expansion of the now limited statutory exceptions should be
carefully evaluated, and consideration of the issue should include
an examination of current practices and experiences in cases
involving suspected computer intrusions. Expanded Scope of Subpoenas for Records of Electronic
Communications Current law delineates the requirements for law enforcement
access to records concerning electronic communications service. A
service provider must disclose to a government entity "the name,
address, local and long distance telephone toll billing records,
telephone number or other subscriber number or identity, and
length of service or a subscriber to or customer of such service
and the type of services the subscriber or customer utilized." The
proposed ATA (Section 107) would expand the type of information
that a provider must disclose to include, among other things,
records of session times and duration; any temporarily assigned
network address; and any means or source of payment. The proposed
authority to use subpoenas (rather than court orders) for this
broader (and more revealing) class of information would not be
limited to investigations of suspected terrorist activity. Because
the amendment would broadly apply to all government
investigations, its impact on subscriber privacy interests must be
closely examined. Nationwide Application of Surveillance Orders Current law -- relating to both wiretaps and pen register/trap
and trace devices -- authorizes execution of a court order only
within the geographic jurisdiction of the issuing court. The
proposed ATA (Sections 101 and 108) would expand the
jurisdictional authority of a court to authorize the installation
of a surveillance device anywhere in the United States. The
availability of nationwide orders for the interception and
collection of electronic evidence would remove an important legal
safeguard by making it more difficult for a distant service
provider to appear before the issuing court and object to legal or
procedural defects. Indeed, it has become increasingly common for
service providers to seek clarification from issuing courts when,
in the face of rapidly evolving technological changes, many issues
involving the privacy rights of their subscribers require careful
judicial consideration. The burden would be particularly acute for
smaller providers -- precisely those, for instance, who are most
likely (according to the FBI) to be served with orders requiring
the installation of the Carnivore system. Multi-Point ("Roving Wiretap") Authority The proposed ATA (Section 152) would expand the
government’s powers under the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act ("FISA") to include "roving wiretap" authority,
which would permit the interception of any communications made to
or by an intelligence target without specifying the particular
telephone line, computer or other facility to be monitored.
Current law requires third parties (such as common carriers and
others) "specified in court-ordered surveillance" to provide
assistance necessary to accomplish the surveillance. The proposed
change would extend that obligation to unnamed and unspecified
third parties. According to the Justice Department, "Under the
proposed amendment, the FBI could simply present the newly
discovered carrier, landlord, custodian, or other person with a
generic order issued by the Court, and could then effect FISA
coverage as soon as technically feasible." Such "generic" orders could have a significant impact on the
privacy rights of large numbers of innocent users, particularly
those who access the Internet through public facilities such as
libraries, university computer labs and cybercafes. Upon the
suspicion that an intelligence target might use such a facility,
the FBI could monitor all communications transmitted at the
facility. The problem is exacerbated by the fact that the
recipient of the assistance order (for instance, a library) would
be prohibited from disclosing the fact that monitoring is
occurring. The proposed "generic" roving wiretap orders raise significant
constitutional issues, as they do not comport with the Fourth
Amendment’s requirement that any search warrant "particularly
describe the place to be searched." That deficiency becomes even
more significant when there is a likelihood that the private
communications of law-abiding American citizens could be
intercepted incidentally. Lowered Standard for Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance The proposed legislation (Section 153) would expand the
application of FISA to those situations where foreign intelligence
gathering is merely "a" purpose of the investigation,
rather than, as current law provides, the sole or
primary purpose. The more lenient standards that the
government must meet under FISA (as opposed to the stringent
requirements of Title III) are justified by the fact that
FISA’s provisions facilitate the collection of foreign
intelligence information, not criminal evidence. Were the lax FISA
provisions made applicable to the interception of information
relating to a domestic criminal investigation (as it would where
foreign intelligence gathering is but one of the purposes of the
investigation), this traditional justification would be
eliminated. The proposed change would be a significant alteration
to the delicate constitutional balance that is reflected in the
current legal regime governing electronic surveillance. Expansive Sharing of Foreign Intelligence
Information Section 154 of the proposed ATA would facilitate the sharing of
any "foreign intelligence" information obtained as part of a
criminal investigation. "Foreign intelligence information" is not
defined, and the information could be disclosed to federal law
enforcement, intelligence, protective, national defense, or
immigration agents. The provision is not limited to information
related to terrorism or national security interests, does not
require a showing of necessity, provides for no oversight, and
does not limit the purposes for which this information can be
shared, used or redisclosed. It is unclear why this provision is
contained in an "anti-terrorism" package; in its analysis of the
ATA, the Justice Department offers examples of the
provision’s potential utility in organized crime and computer
intrusion investigations, but does not explain the relevance of
this broad expansion of authority to the exigent circumstances of
anti-terrorism activities. Liberalized Use of Pen Register/Trap and Trace
Devices The proposed legislation (Section 155) would remove the
existing statutory requirement that the government prove the
surveillance target is "an agent of a foreign power" before
obtaining a pen register/trap and trace order. Therefore, the
government could obtain a pen register/trap and trace device "for
any investigation to gather foreign intelligence information,"
without a showing that the device has, is or will be used by a
foreign agent or by an individual engaged in international
terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities. As with Section
153, the proposed amendment would significantly eviscerate the
constitutional rationale for the relatively lax requirements that
apply to foreign intelligence surveillance. That laxity is
premised on the assumption that the Executive Branch, in pursuit
of its national security responsibilities to monitor the
activities of foreign powers and their agents, should not be
unduly restrained by Congress and the courts. The removal of the
"foreign power" predicate for pen register/trap and trace
surveillance upsets that delicate balance. Broad Access to "Any Tangible Things" Section 156 would grant the government the authority to "by
administrative subpoena, require the production of any tangible
things (including books, records, papers, documents, and other
items) that are relevant" to an intelligence or terrorism
investigation. Although the Justice Department has characterized
this provision as applying to "business records," the scope of the
proposed authority is far broader. The breadth of the power is
compounded by the lack of any judicial involvement. Current law
permits access to specified records only upon court order; the
proposed amendment would allow access under a subpoena issued by
investigators. Thus, the amendment removes judicial oversight and
a reviewable standard from the process of obtaining access to a
broad range of private records. Removal of Existing Privacy Protections for Consumer and
Educational Records The proposed legislation (Section 157) would amend the National
Security Letter authority within the Fair Credit Reporting Act,
the Financial Right to Privacy Act, and the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act to permit government access to banking,
credit, and other records for foreign counterintelligence purposes
upon "certification" by an FBI agent. Current law permits
government access to such records upon a showing of relevance and
that the consumer is an agent of a foreign power. The proposed
amendment removes the "agent of a foreign power" requirement,
providing government access to a multitude of private records upon
the FBI’s certification that "the information sought is
relevant to an authorized foreign counterintelligence
investigation. Government access to private records would thus be
greatly expanded, especially when exercised in conjunction with
Section 153’s broader application of FISA authority. Likewise, the ATA (Section 158) would amend the Federal
Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) to permit access to
educational records in the investigation of domestic or
international terrorism, or national security. Current law
prohibits the release of personally identifying information about
students from education records without the consent of the student
or parents, subject to limited exceptions. Authority to Conduct Secret Searches The proposed ATA (Section 352) contain a far-reaching provision
that would eliminate the current requirement that law enforcement
must provide a person subject to a search warrant or order with
contemporaneous notice of the search. This significant change in
current law would apply to all government searches for material
that "constitutes evidence of a criminal offense in violation of
the laws of the United States" and is not limited to
investigations of terrorist activity. Currently, delayed
notification of a search is authorized only under a very small
number of circumstances (such as surreptitious electronic
surveillance). The expansion of this extraordinary authority to
all searches would constitute a radical departure from
Fourth Amendment standards and could result in routine
surreptitious entries (break-ins) by law enforcement agents.   For additional information, contact: David Sobel or Mikal Condon (202) 483-1140