http://www.schwabcharitable.org/online-privacy
Skip to content
Online Privacy & Tracking
Privacy
Privacy Online
When you interact with Schwab CharitableTM through websites and mobile applications owned and controlled by Schwab Charitable (the "Schwab Charitable Websites"), Schwab Charitable handles personal information in accordance with the practices and safeguards described in our Privacy Policy (www.schwabcharitable.org/privacy).
We use cookies and similar technologies on Schwab Charitable Websites. Cookies are bits of data that a website sends to a web browser on a visitor's computer. Cookies help us to collect information about you and other visitors to Schwab Charitable Websites, including date and time of visit, pages viewed, amount of time spent on our sites, or general information about the device used to access the site. Cookies are also used for security purposes and to personalize your experience, such as customizing your screen layout.
You can refuse or delete cookies. Most browsers and mobile devices offer their own settings to manage cookies. If you refuse a cookie when on a Schwab Charitable Website, or if you delete cookies, you may lose functionality. For example, you may not be able to sign in and access your account, or we may not be able to recognize you, your device, or your online preferences.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Some internet browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" features. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal or preference (the "DNT Signal") to the web sites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret DNT Signals, nor a common definition of "tracking", we do not currently respond to DNT Signals on the Schwab Charitable Websites. Schwab Charitable engages in so-called online behavioral advertising on third-party sites (also sometimes called "retargeting" or “tracking”), through which information collected about the pages you visit on Schwab Charitable is used to display ads for Schwab Charitable products or services on third-party websites. This information may uniquely identify a browser but is not personally identifiable.
Online Behavioral Advertising
Schwab Charitable may use third-party online advertising companies to provide you with Schwab Charitable advertisements that may be relevant to your interests, as determined by your activity on Schwab Charitable and non-Schwab Charitable websites. This type of ad customization is known as "online behavioral” or “interest-based” advertising. These advertising companies may use cookies to understand your interests based on, for example, pages visited and browsing patterns on Schwab Charitable and non-Schwab Charitable websites.
Opting Out of Online Behavioral Advertising
You may opt-out of receiving online behavioral advertisements from third-party advertising companies that Schwab Charitable uses to serve these interest-based ads. Because Schwab Charitable participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory program, we have adopted the use of the DAA’s Advertising Options Icon (AdChoices) on these ads for the purpose of allowing users the ability to opt-out of this form of tracking. You may click on the AdChoices icon to opt out of receiving behaviorally-targeted ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior on Schwab Charitable websites. Please note that opting out through the AdChoices icon will only affect ads served to you based on your behavior on Schwab Charitable websites, and does not prevent you from receiving other Schwab  Charitable advertising.
The methods of both collecting data for the purpose of serving behaviorally-targeted ads and recording your opt-out are done at the individual computer browser level and are based on browser cookies. If you clear your cookies or use a different browser or computer, you will need to re-submit your preference to the specified third-party advertising companies. For more information about behavioral advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info.
Data Security Online
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.