http://www.truthstar.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Horoscope 2020
Free Horoscopes
Daily Horoscopes
Horoscope 2019
Your Weekly Horoscopes
Monthly Horoscopes
Daily Astrology
Prashnavali
Ram Prashnavali – Original Prashnavali Oracle at Truthstar
Hanuman Prashnavali
Mata Prashnavali
Bhairav Prashnavali
My Sunsign
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
Numerology
Challenges
Dreams Interpretation
Expression
Soulurge
Life Path
Birthday
Vastu
Vaastu for home
Remedies
Vaastu for factories
Yoga
Asanas, Asanas benefits, list of Asanas
Cure Diseases by Yoga, Asanas According to Disease
How to Start Yoga?
Kundalini
Love
Love Weekly
Love Compatibility
Tarot
Tarot Daily
Tarot Weekly
Tarot Monthly
Tarot Card Reading
Contact
Services
Ask A Question From Rob Tillett
Ask A Question From Pandit R Dakshinamoorthi
Ask A Question from Jayashree
Horoscope Compatibility
Education stream suggestion
December 2020
| Daily | Weekly | Monthly | Yearly 2020 | Love | Career| Tarot | Health | Daily Astrology |
Ask Any Question
Terms & Conditions
The terms and conditions for using the services and predictions on Truthstar website are as follows.
Dear Readers, you need to accept the terms and conditions of our website as stated below.
Acceptance Of Our Conditions:
Kindly go through the terms of service very minutely if you want to use Truthstar.com for astrological information. Do click on the ‘I Agree’ button at the end and this will be taken as your acceptance of our terms & conditions.
Truthstar can make changes in these terms anytime. We will post the changes in our terms and the new terms will be effective after one month of posting them on truthstar. When you agree to our terms, the use of truthstar will be taken as your acceptance of the amendments in the terms automatically. Only a written and signed document will be valid for making changes made in this agreement. The user and truthstar have to sign a written agreement for making amendments in the agreements otherwise no changes shall be made.
1-Description Of Truthstar.Com:
Truthstar.com offers astrological articles, advice, and content on the internet and electronic mail. We also give consultations to our readers over phone and email. Our website has free services for which we don’t charge anything while the paid services require the users to pay a fee for getting consultation and advice. The users need to browse through Truthstar.com to be able to read the content we post. We have a personalized zone in which we offer special reports and advice to the users. Users who are registered in Truthstar.com can place orders for the paid services. Our services include both free and paid astrological advice, reports, and services. Users who want to use the paid services need to agree to the following terms of use.
(1)
You need to submit full and correct information in Truthstar whenever you are asked for the same.
(2) The information you enter about yourself and your birth details should be correct and you should update it if you want to make any changes in it. The Registration data that you enter in our website refers to the information and details that you submit when you sign up for the first time to make an account in Truthstar.com. Some of the services in Truthstar.com are offered by a third party that should not be considered supported by us.
2-Member Eligibility:
Our services are bound by the laws and the users who become the members of our website need to agree to a legal contract between them and us. Truthstar.com doesn’t allow minors, children, and individuals who are less than 18 years of age to use our services. We also don’t allow our services to be used by people whose accounts are suspended for some time or permanently. Our services are also not meant for users
(1)
of jurisdictions that have prohibited our services or (2)
nations and places that do not permit making trade relations according to law. Use our website and Astro content only if you qualify for using our services.
3-Member Registration Data:
An email address and password are required for registering in truthstar.com. It is fully your responsibility to keep the email address and password a secret and keep it confidential. The use of your account is completely your own responsibility even if you are not the actual user and someone else uses your account without your knowledge. You can change the password as per the procedure followed by truthstar. Users have to agree to our condition that they will not transfer and pass on their account and the login information to anyone. If someone uses your account in an unauthorized manner, you need to convey the same to truthstar.com. You need to do this also if you notice some security problem in your account.
4-Use Of Your Account By Us-You need to give permission to employees of Truthstar.com for an access to your account for delivering you our services. We need to use your account to deal with complaints, abuse of the account, and allegations.
5- Changes In The Services, Breach And Stopping The Services-Truthstar has the authority to make changes and stop the services fully or partially by notifying you or without notifying you. We are not liable to you or anyone else for this. We can end your account immediately when (a) The registration or other information is not authenticated by us (b) You engage in unlawful activities (c) When you enter false registration data and any other type of information (d) When you can interference or problems to other users and truthstar (e) When you do something against our terms of service and violate the privacy policy
6-Privacy Policy-We will update and amend the privacy policy at certain intervals of time and it is included in this term of service.
7-Refund And Cancellation
1-If any astrological report that you order in Truthstar is processed and sent to an astrologer, we will not give a refund to you.
2-Users can cancel orders by contacting our customer care at customercare@truthstar.com by sending an email within 1 hour of ordering the report and making payment.
3-The timeline on Truthstar is approximate and there can be a delay in delivering the reports you order. Refunds will not be issued due to a delay in making a report.
4-Refund will not be given if you submit the wrong data. Thus, enter the data after checking it properly. However, changes in the data will be made if you contact the customer care within one hour of ordering the report.
5-We will take immediate action if there is a delay in activating a subscription and compensate for it.
6-Refunds are not given if you return damaged products to us.
7-Our services are not a replacement for a medical or emotional remedy. Truthstar is not responsible for the truthfulness or effectiveness of gems or products that we sell. We won’t give a refund on this ground.
8-If any product is damaged during the transit, Truthstar will deal with it.
9-The image of products on our website can be different from the actual product. Refunds will not be given for this.
10-Make sure you pick up the phone when we call you. The cost of calls will not be refunded if we are connected to you.
11-We will subtract the cost of shipping, bank transaction cost, courier cost or any other cost of the delivery from the refunds.
12-We will refund your money if you have paid for the same order several times.
13-Usually, refunds are processed within one week of receiving the product and receiving the request. However, the exact time of the refund depends on the time duration that the bank takes to process the amount.
8-Member Behavior And Restrictions-Only individuals can become a member of Truthstar and, We don’t allow corporations and businesses to become members. Members cannot resell any of our products and process commercial transactions on our website. You have to use our website as per the legal guidelines. Users shall agree
1-Agree to Indian laws for the transfer of technical data send abroad through Truthstar
2-Cannot Use Truthstar for an illegal purpose
3-Cannot disrupt our network
4-Agree to regulations of networks that are associated with us
5-Agree to local and international laws for using our services. Members cannot use our website for junk and spam mails and engage in any unlawful activity.
9-No Warranty
1-Our services may have faults and there can be a delay, deletion, and failure to store your communications.
2-We can delete your account if you don’t use it for 90 days.
3-You have to use our website at your own responsibility and risk.
4-Our website is only for entertainment and we don’t give any warranty for using our website and services.
10-Liability Limitations-Truthstar is not responsible for any loss, damage, and illegal access caused by using our services and products.
11-Indemnification-Members shall indemnify and protect Truthstar and its employees from loss or third party claims.
12-Propriety Rights To Content-Our content has a copyright and patent and you shall not copy and distribute any of our content.
13-Notices-All written notices will be sent to members at the address they provide and to Truthstar at our address.
14-Arbitration, Injunctive Relief-If you have any dispute or claim over our services, we shall deal with it according to Indian laws in a court at the jurisdiction of Agra, Uttar Pradesh.
15-General Provisions-Our terms of services are according to Indian laws and applicable to all states of India. The terms of services shall be considered as an agreement between you and Truthstar.com. It replaces all types of written and verbal agreements made earlier.
Select your Sun Sign for free Horoscopes
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
Latest Articles
Why Peepal tree is worshipped?
Free Yourself from Burdens of Financial Debts
Interpretation of Some Warnings in Dreams
A Yoga Posture for Rejuvenating Body and Mind
How Vaastu Makes a Place of Worship Better
Astrological Yoga indicating more than one Wife
Significance of Mahurat in Astrology
Timely Action can protect a Marriage
Do I Need My Birth Time To Be Rectified – Birth Time Rectification
The Mystery of Longevity
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Astrology
Bollywood
Career
Cricket
Diwali
Featured
Feng Shui
Festivals
Happiness
Health
Health
Holi
Horoscope
Lal Kitab
Love & Relationship
Nakshtra
Navratri
Numerology
Pitr Paksh
Planetary Changes
Politics
Pooja
Products
Tarot
Vastu
Wallpapers
Yoga
Prashnavali