http://www.jerichoterrace.com/terms-and-conditions
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Wedding Wire
Linked In
Home
Weddings + Events
Weddings
Special Events
Corporate Events
Planning Services
FAQ
Vendors
Testimonials
Explore
Ballrooms
Cocktail Rooms
Gardens
Photo Opportunities
Cuisine
Catering To-Go
Contact
Build Your Event
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Wedding Wire
Linked In
Welcome to Jericho Terrace
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Jericho Terrace's Website.
Jericho Terrace is located at: 249 Jericho Turnpike, Mineola, New York - 11501, USA
By accessing this website, we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full.
Do not continue to use Jericho Terrace's website if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements:
“Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions.
“The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client
and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary
to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed
duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s
stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of USA. Any use of the above terminology or other
words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using Jericho Terrace's website, you consent to the use of cookies
in accordance with Jericho Terrace’s privacy policy. Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable
us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of
this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Jericho Terrace and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material
on Jericho Terrace. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print pages from http://www.JerichoTerrace.com
for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions. You must not:
Republish material from http://www.Jerichoterrace.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from http://www.Jerichoterrace.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from http://www.Jerichoterrace.com
Redistribute content from Jericho Terrace (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same
manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and
Systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and
charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a)
is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and
its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, American Automobile Association,
AARP and Consumers Union; dot.com community sites; associations or other groups representing charities, including charity
giving sites, online directory distributors; internet portals; accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients
are businesses; and educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect
unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations
representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed to link);
(b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility associated
with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of ; and (d) where the link is in the context of general resource information or
is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not
in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and it products or
services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must notify us by
sending an e-mail to info@jerichoterrace.com. Please include your name, your organization
name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which
you intend to link to our Web site, and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the context and
format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of Jericho Terrace’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
Iframes
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other
techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our
Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend
these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound
to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this. We
will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you. Whilst we endeavor
to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit
to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify and defend
us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within
any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes,
otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third-party rights.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and
conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied
by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing
in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to
the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject
matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach
of statutory duty. To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of
charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
American Disability Act Website Accessibility Under Title II of the ADA
Our company and Websites recognize and provide qualified individuals with disabilities equal access to their programs, services,
or activities unless doing so would fundamentally alter the nature of their programs, services, or activities or would impose
an undue burden. One way to help meet these requirements is to ensure that our websites have accessible features for people
with disabilities, using the simple steps described in this document. Our organization also meet its legal obligations by
providing an alternative accessible way for citizens to use the programs or services, such as a staffed telephone information
line during business hours.
A Few Basic Terms
To understand the basics of website accessibility, you need to know a few terms:
Webpage — an Internet-based document, usually in HTML format, that can contain a
wide variety of information and multimedia content.
Website — a collection of web pages that are hierarchically organized around a homepage.
Web browser — a computer program that downloads web pages. It is the program
installed on the computer that you use to access web pages on the Internet.
HTML — short for “hypertext mark-up language,” a common markup language
used to present web pages. It tells the web browser how information should be structured and accessed.
Screen reader — a computer program that speaks written text. It allows a person
to listen to the written text on a webpage or in a computer program. Screen readers read-only text; they cannot
describe pictures or other images, even if the images are pictures of text.
HTML tags — specific instructions understood by a web browser or screen reader.
One type of HTML tag called an “alt” tag (short for “alternative text”), is used to provide brief text
descriptions of images that screen readers can understand and speak. Another type of HTML tag called a
“longdesc” tag (short for “long description”), is used to provide long text descriptions that can be
spoken by screen readers.
Refreshable Braille display — an electronic device that translates standard text
into Braille characters and uses devices such as rounded pins on a refreshable display to create Braille text
that can be read by touch.
Images With Text Equivalents
Blind people, those with low vision, and people with other disabilities that affect their ability to read a computer
display often use different technologies so they can access the information displayed on a webpage. Two commonly used
technologies are screen readers and refreshable Braille displays. As discussed above, a screen reader is a computer
program that speaks the text that appears on the computer display, beginning in the top-left corner. A refreshable
Braille display is an electronic device that translates text into Braille characters that can be read by touch.
These assistive technologies read text. They cannot translate images into speech or Braille, even if words appear
in the images. For example, these technologies cannot interpret a photograph of a stop sign, even if the word
“stop” appears in the image.
Because they only read the text, screen readers and refreshable Braille displays cannot interpret photographs,
charts, color-coded information, or other graphic elements on a webpage. A line of simple HTML code to provide text
for each image and graphic will enable the user with a vision disability to understand what it is.
A type of HTML
tags, such as an “alt” tag for brief amounts of text or a “longdesc” tag for large amounts, to each image and graphic,
has been added to our on our Website.
The words in the tag can be more than a description. It often provides a text equivalent of the image. In other words,
the tag often includes the same meaningful information that other users obtain by looking at the image. In some
circumstances, longer and more detailed text is necessary to convey the same meaningful information that other
visitors to the website can see.
Specifying Colors and Font Sizes
Although webpage designers often have aesthetic preferences and may want everyone to see their web pages in precisely
the same color, size, and layout. But because of their disability, many people with low vision do not see web pages
the same as other people. Some see only small portions of a computer display at one time, and others cannot see text
or images that are too small or with certain colors. For these reasons, many people with low vision use specific
color and font settings when they access the Internet – settings that are often very different from those most
people use. For example, many people with low vision need to use high contrast settings, such as bold white or
yellow letters on a black background. Others require just the opposite – bold black text on a white or yellow
background. And, many must use softer, more subtle color combinations.
Users need to be able to manipulate color and font settings in their web browsers and operating systems to
make pages readable. Some web pages, however, are designed so that changing the color and font settings is impossible.
Our websites are designed so they can be viewed with the color and font sizes set in users’ web browsers and
operating systems. Users with low vision can specify the text and background colors as well as the font sizes
needed to see webpage content.
Videos and Other Multimedia Lack Accessible Features
Due to increasing bandwidth and connection speeds, videos and other multimedia are becoming more common on
the websites. These and other types of multimedia can present two distinct problems for people with different
disabilities. People who are deaf or hard of hearing can generally see the information displayed on Web pages.
But a deaf person or someone who is hard of hearing may not be able to hear the audio track of a video. On
the other hand, persons who are blind or have low vision are frequently unable to see the video images but
can hear the audio track.
Our multimedia options incorporate features that make them accessible to everyone. Provide audio descriptions of
images (including changes in setting, gestures, and other details) to make videos accessible to people who are
blind or have low vision. We provide text captions synchronized with the video images to make videos and audio
tracks accessible to people who are deaf or hard of hearing.
Website Functionality:
include a “skip navigation” link at the top of web pages that allows people who use screen
readers to ignore navigation links and skip directly to webpage content;
minimize blinking, flashing, or other distracting features;
if they must be included, ensure that moving, blinking, or auto-updating objects or pages may
be paused or stopped;
design online forms to include descriptive HTML tags that provide persons with disabilities the
information they need to complete and submit the forms;
include visual notification and transcripts if sounds automatically play;
provide a second, static copy of pages that are auto-refreshing or that require a timed-response;
use titles, context, and other heading structures to help users navigate complex pages or
elements (such as web pages that use frames).
We may modify or amend this ADA Notice from time to time at our discretion. It is your responsibility to
review this page as often you deem necessary to see updates, and you acknowledge by using our service
that you accept that responsibility to regularly check for changes. We encourage you to periodically
review this ADA Notice to be informed.
(516) 742-5251
249 Jericho TurnpikeMineola, NY 11501
Build Your Event
Weddings + Events
Explore
Cuisine
Build Your Event