http://www.slideshare.net/copyright-policy
Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. See our User Agreement and Privacy Policy.
Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. See our Privacy Policy and User Agreement for details.
Submit Search
Home
Explore
Search
You
Upload
Login
Signup
Home
Explore
× × × × ×
×
Copyright PolicyLast revised on August 14, 2020Complaints regarding content posted on the SlideShare websiteSlideShare respects the intellectual property rights of others and desires to offer a platform which contains no content that violates those rights. Our Terms require that information posted by Users be accurate, lawful and not in violation of the rights of third parties. To promote these objectives, SlideShare provides a process for submission of complaints concerning content posted by our Users. Our policy and procedures are described and/or referenced in the sections that follow.Please note that whether or not we disable access to or remove content, SlideShare may make a good faith attempt to forward the written notification, including the complainant’s contact information, to the User who posted the content and/or take other reasonable steps to notify the User that SlideShare has received notice of an alleged violation of intellectual property rights or other content violation. It is also our policy, in appropriate circumstances and in our discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of Users, or groups as the case may be, who infringe or repeatedly infringe the rights of others or otherwise post unlawful content.Please note that any notice or counter-notice you submit must be truthful and must be submitted under penalty of perjury. A false notice or counter-notice may give rise to personal liability. You may therefore want to seek the advice of legal counsel before submitting a notice or a counter-notice.Claims regarding copyright infringementNotice of Copyright Infringement:Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), SlideShare has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed infringements. SlideShare has also designated an agent to receive notices of claimed copyright infringement. If you believe in good faith that your copyright has been infringed, you may complete and submit a Notice of Copyright Infringement form, or otherwise provide a written communication which contains:An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;A description specifying the location on our website of the material that you claim is infringing;Your email address and your mailing address and/or telephone number;A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.Please submit your notice to SlideShare’s Copyright Agent as follows:Fill out our online submission form to contact the Copyright AgentOr contact us by mail at:Scribd Inc.ATTN: Copyright Agent (SlideShare)Legal Department460 Bryant Street, #100San Francisco, CA 94107USACounter-Notice:If you believe that a notice of copyright infringement has been improperly submitted against you, you may submit a Counter-Notice, pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. You may complete the Counter-Notice Regarding Claim of Copyright Infringement form, or otherwise provide a written communication which contains:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material removed or to which access has been disabled;A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that removal or disablement of the material was a mistake or that the material was misidentified;Your full name, your email address, your mailing address, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District court (i) in the judicial district where your address is located if the address is in the United States, or (ii) located in the Northern District of California (Santa Clara County), if your address is located outside the United States, and that you will accept service of process from the Complainant submitting the notice or his/her authorized agent.Please submit your Counter-Notice to SlideShare’s Copyright Agent via our online submission form or mail to the address specified above.