http://www.stmatthews-bristol.org.uk/resources/privacy-policy/
Home
What’s on
Advent & Christmas
Sunday Services
Events
Alpha
News
Past Events
Bookings—Carol Service
About us
How to find us
Our Mission
Who’s Who
Mission Partners
Our History
Eco Church
Safeguarding
Connecting
I’m new here!
Small Groups
Prayer
Praise
Giving to St Matt’s
Community
Playgroup
Accessibility
Life Events
Hall Hire/Facilities
Tea ’n’ Chat
Stay & Play
Knightstone House
Children
Sunday Groups
King’s Kids
Youth
Youth Times
Weekend Away
Contact
Resources
Podcasts
Links
A Detailed History
Event Archives
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Notice
Like all website operators, we collect some potentially personally-identifying information such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses because it is automatically logged on the servers. We do not use such information to identify visitors and do not disclose it.
Certain visitors to the website choose to interact in ways that require us to gather more personally-identifying information—e.g. to login. We collect such information only insofar as is necessary and appropriate to fulfil the requested function. We do not disclose personally-identifying information. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
We may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to the website. For instance, we may reveal how many downloads a particular document attracted but not by whom.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help us determine visitors usage of the website, and their access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the website, with the drawback that certain features may not function properly without their aid. Some of the web plugins and applications that we use may also create cookies. We have endeavoured to check that these don’t use the information for advertising, marketing or other purposes that are not consistent with our policy outlined above.
Data Privacy Notice
The GDPR document.
Data Privacy Notice (PDF)
Data Consent Form (PDF)
Page last updated: 26 Jun 2018 @ 16.33
Quick Links
Contact us
Hall Hire
Baptisms, Weddings & Funerals
Safeguarding
Sunday Services
Sunday Worship13 Dec 9.30amComfort & Joy: Peace of the Prince of Peace
Isaiah 8:19-22 & Isaiah 9:1-7
Downstairs—Bubble Church
Bring your social bubble and join in […]
Candlelit Carol Service13 Dec 6.30pmA service for our times, with music and readings
This is the first of two similar events held in church, please […]
Podcasts
This is where you will find earlier services, All-Age and King's Kids presentations.
Latest news
Peace of the Prince of Peace
Today’s reading is Isaiah 8:19-22 & Isaiah 9:1-7 Here is today’s reflection by Richard. Our Advent topic today is entitled Peace—the Prince of Peace. It […]
Coming soon
Advent TrailTue 1 Dec to Thu 24 DecThis December, households in Kingsdown and Cotham will be decorating windows of their homes in celebration of Advent.
Windows […]
PeaceSun 13 Dec 10.00amThis weeks Everyone @ St Matthew’s presentation from John.
Available from 6.15am Sunday.
Giving toSt Matthew’s
How to find us
St Matthew's Church, Clare Road, Kingsdown, Bristol BS6 5TB, UK
Telephone: 0117 944 1598
St Matthew's Church, Bristol website is powered by
WordPress and the LivingOS Alpha theme (heavily modified by Rick Parsons).
Log inPrivacy Policy