https://www.tubman.org/get-help/legal-services/the-order-for-protection-process.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
The Order for Protection ProcessA Tubman advocate can appear in court with you if you are trying to get an Order for Protection (OFP). If the abuser is served with a notice for an OFP and shows up for the court date, they can admit to the allegations, deny the allegations but agree to the OFP, or contest the OFP. If they contest the OFP, then the case will go to an evidentiary hearing. An evidentiary hearing may happen on the same day or could be scheduled for another day. At an evidentiary hearing, the judge will listen to each side of the case and decide to either issue or dismiss the OFP. If the abusive partner has been served with the notice for an OFP and does not show up for the court date, the OFP will be issued. If the abusive partner has not been served with a notice for an OFP, the court will issue a continuance for the case, meaning the case will be postponed. Depending on the judge’s preferences, the notice for the OFP may be sent by certified mail, or printed in a legal newspaper.
After someone has filed for an OFP, a Tubman advocate will bring the order to the judge by the next business day. The first court appearance is scheduled no longer than seven days after the judge receives the OFP. If the abusive partner shows up for court and accepts the OFP, the OFP is granted. If the abusive partner does not show up and has been notified about the OFP, the OFP is granted. If the abusive partner has not been notified, then the case is continued, or postponed, for approximately two weeks.
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.