https://www.focushope.edu/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy PolicyFOCUS: HOPE PRIVACY POLICYFocus: HOPE is grateful for the support of our donors and volunteers. We firmly believe in the right to privacy and have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment. The following discloses our practices in regards to collecting and using any personal information about you.Please note: from time to time our website may contain links to the websites of our partners and donors. Focus: HOPE is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of any website that collects personally identifiable information.GENERAL INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEFocus: HOPE is the sole owner of the information collected on the domain focushope.edu. We will never sell, share, or rent this information to others except as specifically provided in this statement. We collect information from our users at several locations on our website.We collect and use information about individuals to communicate about our services, promotions, programs and events. We also collect information to improve the overall website experience, enable online donations to Focus: HOPE, and keep our supporters informed on issues important to Focus: HOPE. Here are the ways we obtain information about you, the types of information we obtain, and how we use the information.REGISTRATION FORMSIn order to receive certain updates or use certain features of this website, a user may have to first complete a registration form. During registration, a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest – for example, sending an eNewsletter. We may ask for, but will never require, demographic information (such as income level and gender). We will never ask for your social security number.MAKING DONATIONS ONLINEFocus: HOPE processes its online donations through a third party service operated by Blackbaud, Inc. in Charleston, SC and secured by an encryption service called Verisign. This relationship is 100% confidential and secure. After a completed donation is accepted by Blackbaud’s server and authorized, Focus: HOPE destroys the credit card information. Blackbaud does not resell, retransmit, or retain any information about transactions or personal contact information for donors it processes on behalf of Focus: HOPE.LOG FILESWe use IP addresses to help analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.COOKIESSome components of our site may use “cookies”. A “cookie” is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user, such as their login information for our site or their favorite pages or settings. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.Users may decline to use cookies and still use Focus: HOPE website components, however, it may cause a lack of functionality. For instance, the user may have to login repeatedly (since we would not be storing login info) or the site may not be “smart” about your past choices.Focus: HOPE will never use the information in cookies for any purpose other than to offer the browser a better experience while using the website.SHARINGFocus: HOPE will not sell, trade, rent, or share any personal information that can identify any individual person, whether information is collected through online or offline methods. We will provide aggregated demographic information with other organizations when we deem it is important to helping our mission overall. Examples of aggregate information are: % increase in number of gifts received through the website from one year to the next, or # men v. women that donate to educational programs.TELL-A-FRIENDIf a user refers the Focus: HOPE website to a friend, the individual will not be added to any email list unless he or she signs up at our website.SECURITYThis site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. This includes hardware and software firewall protection and 24 hour monitoring of site activities by our administration team as well as 128-bit SSL encryption (where allowable by law) on all transaction oriented operations.UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION/OPT-OUTIf a user’s personal information changes (such as an address), or if a user no longer wants to be on our mailing list, the individual can email us at communicationsmailbox@focushope.edu or write us at:Focus: HOPE Development Department
1400 Oakman Boulevard
Detroit, MI 48238We can also be reached by telephone at (313) 494-5500.CONTACTING THE WEBSITEIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can email us at communicationsmailbox@focushope.edu or write us at:Focus: HOPE Development Department
1400 Oakman Boulevard
Detroit, MI 48238We can also be reached by telephone at (313) 494-5500.“CONTACT US” LINKIf you contact us via our website, we may ask you for information such as your name, address and email address so we can respond to your questions or comments. We will not treat this as permission to add you to our mailing list. You will only be added to our list if you specifically request it in your email, or use the online registration form.NOTIFICATION OF CHANGESIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. However, if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.How does Focus: HOPE update its Privacy Notice?Focus: HOPE’s services, promotions and programs will change over time. This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices. Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice, we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made. We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice, and except as provided above, to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you.Recognizing the dignity and beauty of every person, we pledge intelligent and practical action to overcome racism, poverty, and injustice.Address: 1400 Oakman Boulevard Detroit, MI 48238Phone: (313) 494-5500QuicklinksHome About Focus: HOPE News & Press Blog Calendar Privacy Policy Employment ServicesEarly Learning Youth Development Job Training Food for Seniors Community & Advocacy How to HelpDonate Volunteer Become a Corporate Partner Planned Giving Donor-Advised Fund Online Store © 2020 Focus: HOPE.
EARLY LEARNING YOUTH DEVELOPMENT JOB TRAINING FOOD FOR SENIORS COMMUNITY & ADVOCACY
HOPE Speaks
ABOUT
About Focus: HOPE
Meet the Staff History
Videos Event Calendar Conference Center News & Press Blog Our Supporters Employment Connected Seniors Online Store Holiday Music Festival Memories Contact Us
HOW TO HELP
Donate Volunteer
Donate
X