http://www.ldspals.com/privacy.singles
LDS Singles Online Personals, LDS Dating for LDS Singles
Home
Sign up
Browse LDS Singles
Compare Us
Features
Testimonials
My Account
More
Browse LDS Singles
Compare Us
Features
Testimonials
LdsPals.com Privacy Policy
We at LdsPals.com ("we" or "LdsPals.com") have created this privacy policy to inform you of our commitment to protecting your personal information and inform you about how your personal information is handled. This privacy policy only applies to activity, transactions and data gathered from your activities on the LdsPals.com Website, LdsPals.com Messenger and/or Chat and double blind email communications between LdsPals.com members (collectively, the "Site") but does not apply to any other Website or offline point of contact between LdsPals.com, or any other company, and consumers.
Your IP Address
Each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. This is common practice for e-commerce Websites in order to administer, optimize and to diagnose problems with our Site. Your IP address is used to help identify you, collect broad demographic information and to verify and track your session. This gives LdsPals.com an idea of which parts of our site anonymous users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable.
Cookies
Cookies are used to manage your sessions on the Site. You may modify these settings through your account. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. To disable the use of cookies on your computer visit the "help" section in your browser. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas on the Site.
Information We Collect From You
In order to operate the Site and to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we may collect "Personal Information" (i.e. information that could be used to contact you directly without using the Site, such as full name, postal address, phone number or email address), "Demographic Information" (i.e. information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information; this may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age/birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information, registration history information, and the content of communications between you and other members over the Site), subject to the rest of this paragraph. We ask that you do not enter personal information into your "Public Profile" (for example, don't use your address or password as your username, or include your name or address in your written responses), because doing so may cause that information to post publicly on the Site, and the information will then be treated as "demographic information" that is "public information." Please note that we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18, as we require that all users represent to us that they are at least 18 years old.
Information Other Websites Collect From You
On the Site, we may place links to other Websites operated by other parties. Some of these other Websites may display and/or contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own. We do not control these other Websites, their business practices, or their privacy policies and we are not responsible for their actions. When you click on these links and visit these other Websites be aware that this privacy policy does not apply to these other Websites. The operators of these other Websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we do. Please review the privacy policies of each web site you visit.
We may contract with certain Internet service companies to monitor the pages of our Web site for the purpose of reporting web traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', and/or other activities on our site. Where authorized by us, these companies may use cookies, Web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics on our Web site visitors. No personally identifiable data will be collected by or transferred to these companies.
Personal Information
We use your email address and your other personal information to help us efficiently operate the Site, to contact you in connection with your transactions, activity on the Site (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with LdsPals.com), and to forward messages to you from other LdsPals.com users. These communications are known as "Operational Communications." These Operational Communications may also contain commercial messages, banner ads, newsletters, information, special offers and other promotional materials for LdsPals.com's or third parties' goods or services.
We attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information. The Site provides you with options to decline to receive communications from LdsPals.com (other than those contained in Operational Communications). Some of these options may only be for a certain category of communications; others may be more general. By posting a profile on the Site, you are opting in to receive communications and offers sent by LdsPals.com. To modify your settings for emails you receive from LdsPals.com, go to the "My Profile" tab, and click the "Email Settings" link.
To operate the Site, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities on the Site, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or support services. We require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose.
Financial Information
No Financial information is collected or stored.
Personal Information - Special Cases
Your personal information may be passed on to another party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy. We may also disclose personal information to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of LdsPals.com or other visitors to the Site.
Public Information and Other Demographic Information
We do collect and review demographic information on our members for use in matching members to other members and in helping them do the same.
We also use this information to modify our Site and services to better meet members' needs.
This information is gathered, reviewed and used in the aggregate.
We may share anonymous demographic information with third parties, but this information is shared in the aggregate - your demographic information is not linked to your personal information, except in the "Personal Information - Special Cases" section as seen above. Remember, if you go from our Site to another, even if it was by following a link from our site, we are not responsible for information you share with any other party.
Security Precautions
We use industry standard secure server software (SSL) to ensure the safety of your personal information.
We encrypt your credit card data as it travels over the Internet and we encrypt this data for storage in our systems.
Other Data Gathering
From time-to-time, our site requests information from users via surveys, polls, contests, and other forms of voluntary information gathering practices. Information collected may be used to contact members in association with the purpose for which the information was gathered and/or monitoring or improving the Site.
We may make public (available to all registered users of the Site) message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these forums becomes public information.
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifying information.
We encourage you to refer your friends to our service. In our Tell-a-Friend service, you are able to provide us a friend's name and email address. We only send a one-time email to that person which contains your name and invites them to visit our site. Please only enter names and addresses of those who would be interested in LdsPals.com.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. Any use of the LdsPals.com Website constitutes acceptance of the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. We will notify users by notices posted on the Site 10 days prior to such changes taking effect.
Updating Your Personal and/or Public Information
To change your personal, and/or public information on LdsPals.com, simply login to the Site, go to the "My Profile" tab and select the area you wish to change.
Changing or deleting your information will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of future communications and other activities on the Site. These changes will not effect emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other users, credit card companies, or any other third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy.
LDS Singles |
LDS |
Pricing |
Terms |
Privacy |
Safety |
About |
Contact |
Site-map
compare: lds singles online®,
lds mingle,
lds planet,
lds promise,
single saints,
lds friends
hot saints,
lds dates,
lds singles network,
lds hearts,
lds singles,
ldsso,
lds dating,
lds romances
Copyright © 2001-2020 by LDS Pals, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Last
updated: 2020-12-11 :: AQUA