https://www.lotustarot.wiki/privacy-policy/
Last Updated : 3rd June 2020Here at www.lotustarot.wiki your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.What Information Is Collected and How Is It Used?When you use our Service, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the web-pages you visit on our website, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click.CookiesLike many websites, we also use “cookie” technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the Site and our service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. Lotustarot may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site and our Service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve the Site and our services.A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site.Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.Analytics & Interested-Based AdsSummary: We partner with third parties (like content providers, analytics companies, and advertising networks) to help us improve our free services and better understand how you interact with them, as well as support our marketing initiatives. These companies may collect info from you automatically in connection with your visit.In addition to the technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit lotustarot.wiki. This includes vendors we’ve engaged to provide services on our behalf (like website analytics), as well as third parties that deliver content (like videos from YouTube) or offers (like ads from ad networks) contained on the Lotus Tarot website. We may receive reports based on our partners’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis.For example, we use third-party analytics providers (like Google Analytics) to help evaluate and report on use of our website. We also partner with ad companies to support our marketing efforts, including by serving you ads better tailored to your likely interests (such as based on your browsing activity on our website and when visiting other online services). These companies may set and read their own cookies and similar technologies to gather info about your online activities across websites and services.Some analytics providers and ad companies offer you choices about how they collect and use info directly on their websites. To learn more about opting out of Google Analytics, click here. For a representative list of third-party advertising and analytics partners that operate on this website, as well as information about how to opt-out to the extent applicable, click here. You may also be able to opt-out in some cases by visiting http://www.aboutads.info or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, or if you’re located in the EU or Canada, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ or http://youradchoices.ca/ respectively.To learn more about how Google manages data it its ads products go to: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesThe webmaster is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. All Amazon ads are clearly marked as Ads by Amazon. Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html . Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, www.lotustarot.wiki has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers. You can view more information on Google Ad Partner Sites here – https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesEmail MarketingWe provide a free newsletter upon your request, and then additional confirmation provided by way of an email confirming your subscription. We use GetResponse to manage our email newsletter and you can find them here – https://www.getresponse.com/You can unsubscribe, at any time, by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the emails, or by emailing us at admin@lotustarot.wiki. Clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in an email will automatically remove your name given and email address from our email list and we will not email you again. If you are unsubscribing by sending us an email, we will remove the email address from our system manually, and generally within 24-72 hours.Along with useful articles and news, some of our emails will contain links to affiliate offers. We are a registered participant in the ClickBank Affiliate Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to related products. You can find ClickBank’s website here – https://www.clickbank.com/. We are not responsible for how 3rd party websites process your data, and it is important that you also read their privacy policies and disclaimers, however, we can assure you, that we will never share your email address with a 3rd party, other than GetResponse as mentioned above, who is the holder of the email list database.Requesting copies of Personal InformationShould you wish to query what, if any personal data that we hold about you, and/or have this information deleted, please email us at admin@lotustarot.wiki and we will come back to you as soon as possible.Links to third party WebsitesWe have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.ChildrenThis website is not directed towards children and we do not seek to collect any personal information from children. If we become aware that personal information from a child under the age of 13 has been collected, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database immediately.Changes to this Privacy StatementThe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of www.lotustarot.wiki then you may contact us at admin@lotustarot.wiki