https://www.chicagohomeless.org/funding/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Donor Privacy Policy
Chicago Coalition for the Homeless has posted this privacy statement to demonstrate a firm, long-standing policy committed to donor privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Chicago Coalition for the Homeless, including information gathered through forms on this website, as well as information received through the mail, over the phone, or in person from our donors and supporters.
Our website’s registration and donation forms require users to give us contact information, such as name and email address. We use donor contact information from these forms to send an electronic newsletter, Action Alerts, and other information about Chicago Coalition for the Homeless. Donor contact information is also used to contact the donor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We never sell, share or exchange donor email addresses or any other contact information that is given to CCH.
This website contains links to other sites. Please note that www.chicagohomeless.org and the Chicago Coalition for the Homeless are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
Donor contact information is obtained through donations received through the mail, over the phone, in person, or through our online donation form. Our online donation forms allow donors to support our programs. We collect donors’ contact information, including their mail and email addresses, and phone number. We use this information to send acknowledgements, donation receipt letters, event invitations, and information about the Chicago Coalition for the Homeless’ programs to our donors. A donor’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the donor if necessary. Donors will never receive phone solicitations from the Chicago Coalition for the Homeless. Supporters may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Credit card information that is collected is used only to charge a user’s donation. It is never divulged to any outside party.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our donation page is run on a secure server. We suggest you do not send your credit card information to us via email. The most secure way to communicate this information is through our website. If you would like to give us your credit card information over the phone, you can contact Claire Sloss at (773) 906-3409.
Choice/Opt-Out
Chicago Coalition for the Homeless gives supporters the following options for removing their information from our database so as not to receive future communications.
Email Michael Nameche at michael@chicagohomeless.org
Or you can send mail to the following postal address:
70 E. Lake Street, Suite 720, Chicago, IL 60601
You can call the following telephone number: (312) 641-4140
Change/Modify
Chicago Coalition for the Homeless gives supporters the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Email Michael Nameche at michael@chicagohomeless.org
You can send mail to the following postal address:
70 E. Lake Street, Suite 720, Chicago, IL 60601
You can call the following telephone number: (312) 641-4140
Anti-Spam Policy
We do not send emails to people that do not have a relationship with our organization. This relationship can start in the following ways, if a person:
Opted-in to one of our email lists on our website, in person, or on one of our partner sites.
Made a donation to one of our programs.
Purchased a ticket for one of our events.
Entered a drawing or contest, either online or in-person at a live event.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Chicago Coalition for the Homeless
Attn: Development Office
70 E. Lake Street, Suite 720
Chicago, IL 60601
Contact us
Stay Connected with Us!
For Shelter Care and Other Chicago-Based Services: Resident Services and Assistance Guide
Contact Info: Phone:
(312) 641-4140
Toll-Free Legal Assistance:
1 (800) 940-1119
Fax:
(312) 641-4144
Recognition:
Join Our Email List
Twitter Updates Tweets by @ChiHomeless
Recent Posts
Thanks to you, Giving Tuesday supporters raised more than $95,000
Join our efforts this Giving Tuesday
Illinois eviction moratorium extended for select households, but eligible tenants must take action
WBEZ: COVID-19, Economy And Oncoming Winter Are A Perfect Storm Of Crises For Chicago’s Homeless
Community Advocates Call on City to Fill Gap Left by Feds to House Doubled-up Homeless Households