http://www.brunnerfuneralhome.com/privacy-policy
716-692-3841
156 Robinson Street, North Tonawanda,
NY
14120
716-692-0060
mark@brunnerfuneralhome.com
Obituaries
Obituary Listing
Veteran Memorial Wall
Learn About Online Memorials
Services
Funeral Services
What is a Funeral?
Traditional Funeral Services
Burial Services
Funeral FAQ
Cremation Services
Cremation Information
The Cremation Process
Cremation Options
Alternative Options
Cremation FAQ
Memorial Services
Memorial Service Information
Celebration of Life
Funeral vs. Celebration of Life
Memorial FAQ
Specialty Funeral Services
Veteran Funeral Services
Ash Scattering Services
Products
Marble Urns
Remembrance Jewelry
Planning
Immediate Need
Application for Death Record
Pre-Arrangement Process
Record Your Wishes
Pre-Arrange Online
Preparing for a Funeral Service
Planning a Celebration of Life
Planning a Cremation Service
Funeral Service Trends
Resources
Grief
Grief Support
Dealing with Death
Dealing with Grief
When Grief Doesn't Ease
When Grief is Unacknowledged
For Friends of the Bereaved
Guidance
What to Expect
Funeral Etiquette
Legal & Estate Guidance
Eulogies & Obituaries
FAQ
About
Our History
Contact Us
Flowers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At our funeral home, we understand that the privacy of our visitors and the knowledge of our use of information collected from each visitor is important in our activities. Please feel free to read our privacy policy and we encourage you to contact our firm about any of the information located below if you need further assistance.Contact Information: Brunner Funeral Home156 Robinson StreetNorth Tonawanda NY US14120 Phone: 716-692-3841 Email Address:  mark@brunnerfuneralhome.com
Your IP Address We collect the IP Address and Domain Name that is used when surfing our web site. We use this information for Site Traffic Statistics and analysis. We also receive your IP Address when you complete a search or purchase on our site in order to help our firm better recognize what is being searched by our visitors. All IP Addresses and Domain Names are kept with the utmost confidentiality. Use of Cookies A cookie is used by our funeral home only when there is persistent data that is required to use the Web Site, ie. Administration Mode, and when an E-Commerce order form is being completed. For general viewing of pages, there is no use of cookies.When a user wishes to purchase product(s) they will be asked to complete an online form. When a user completes a section of the form and clicks on the "Next" button, not only does the form progress to the Next page but a cookie is created on the visitor's computer with the information that they just completed. The purpose of the shopping basket cookie is to remember your information so that if you leave or get disconnected and come back to the order form our server will be able to complete the sections of the order form for you including product selected. E-Commerce Module To ensure that all data remains private and secure, we exclusively use secure network connections. These secure network connections are the only way that credit card and other personal information is handled. Any and all sensitive authorization data, including but not limited to credit card information is never stored by FrontRunner Professional, any employee therein or FrontRunner Professional. All payment details are securely transmitted by third party processors on secure networks connections. If you have any questions please contact accountingdept@frontrunner360.com. Questions & Comments If you have questions, comments or concerns with either the way we use the information that is collected from your web browser or our privacy policy, please feel free to contact our firm.
716-692-3841Brunner Funeral Home
156 Robinson StreetNorth Tonawanda,
NY
14120Fax: 716-692-0060
mark@brunnerfuneralhome.com
Follow Us
Admin
| Obittree
|
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
|
Sitemap | Obituary Directory | Powered by FrontRunner Professional
Share by: