https://www.larimerhumane.org/help-the-animals/
Give second chances.
Give second chances.
When every other door in an animal’s life closes, ours are open. Your gift will help provide second chances to thousands of homeless, lost, abandoned and unwanted animals in Northern Colorado.
Help us make Northern Colorado a place where every animal receives the love they deserve.
GIVE NOW
GIVE MONTHLY
Other ways to give
Ask your employer about existing workplace giving options or contribute to Larimer Humane Society through the Combined Federal Campaign or Community Shares. If your workplace does not have a workplace giving campaign, contact our development manager today at 970.530.2948 or development@larimerhumane.org to discuss options for you or your employees to support homeless animals.
Your love for animals can become your legacy when you remember Larimer Humane Society in your will, bequest, through your retirement or life insurance account, or through other future-giving options. Learn more about leaving a future gift and our Heritage Circle recognition program by contacting our director of development and community relations at 970.530.2960 or development@larimerhumane.org.
Promote your business, help animals, and make a positive impact in our community. Partnering with Larimer Humane Society enables your business to benefit from the enormous appeal of animals, while supporting the more than 6,000 homeless, ill or injured pets needing second chances every year. Contact us at 970-530-2945 or at development@larimerhumane.org to learn more.
Larimer Humane Society partners with Vehicle Donation to Any Charity (V-DAC) to provide a free, convenient service for converting extra cars, trucks, or RVs into tax-deductible donations benefiting the animals at Larimer Humane Society. Click here, or call 866.332.1778.
We are always in need of supplies to help keep the animals in our care healthy and happy. Consider donating an item or two on our Wish List. Learn more »
Larimer Humane Society maintains the highest level of respect for the privacy of our donors and we do not sell, rent, trade, or share our donor list with any other organization. Read our full Privacy Policy here.
Find a fit for your business as an event sponsor! The lifesaving efforts carried out by Larimer Humane Society depend largely on the financial support of our generous event sponsors and require your valuable support to continue. Download this year’s sponsorship packet here, or contact us at development@larimerhumane.org to learn more.
Call us:
970.226.3647
Visit us:
3501 E 71st Street
Loveland, CO 80538
TOP RESOURCES
Adoption process
Animal protection and control
Events
Bite prevention
Re-home your pet
End-of-life services
2018 annual report
Publications and news
Intake
Mon-Fri 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
Sat/Sun 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Adoption
Mon-Fri 11 a.m. – 6 p.m.
Sat/Sun 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Scroll to top