http://www.divinegoddess.net/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Clothing
Collections
High Performance Collection
Wolven Sustainable Collection
New Arrivals
On Sale
Gift Card
Pants
Hotpants
Knee Length Pants
3/4 Length Pants
Full Length Pants
All
Pants
Tops
Full Length Tops
Crop Tops
Cotton Practice Tops
Long Sleeve Tops / Jackets
T-Shirts
All Tops
All Clothing
Yoga Mats / Bags
Mats
TPE Mats
Eco Luxe
Eco Lite Breathable
Super Black
All Mats
Mat Bags
Core Collection
Secret Garden Collection
Towels
Mat Carry Straps
Cleaning Spray
All Mat Bags
All Mats / Bags
Accessories
Eye PillowsBlocksTowelsWheelsStrapsBolstersMat Carry StrapsWater BottlesIncenseStatuesDVDs & BooksAll Accesories
Jewellery
Satya Jewellery
Earrings
Necklaces
Bracelets
All Satya Jewellery
Aum Rudraksha Jewellery
Malas
Bracelets
All Aum Rudraksha Jewellery
Lalimalu Jewellery
Earrings
All Lalimalu Jewellery
All Jewellery
About usCustomer Service
ShippingReturns and exchangesAfterpayTrack my orderPrivacy PolicyContact us
Bundles
Account
AUDNZDUSDGBPJPYEUR
Cart
Spend $99 more and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
SHOP NOW, PAY LATER WITH AFTERPAY | FREE DELIVERY FOR AU ORDERS OF $99 OR MORE
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our customers at Divine Goddess has always been of utmost importance. Our Internet privacy policy is as follows:-
(1) You do not have to give us personal information to visit our site.
(2) Personal data is only collected to verify your address for delivery of goods, and to confirm you are the valid user of a given credit card. No data is collected without you first acknowledging you wish to supply this data.
(3) We do not store your credit card details, all shopping is done real time, with a direct, secure connection from our site to our Merchant provider. We use a secure gatweay connection and have a SSL certificate installed.
(4) We do not give, sell or transfer any personal information to a third party.
This policy covers how we use your personal information. We take your privacy seriously and will take all measures to protect your personal information.Divine Goddess treats all your personal information as confidential and will only be used to fill your order. At no time do we share any of our customers’ information with any other parties. We only retain customer contact information in the interest of further communication.
We will never knowingly pass on your email address on to a 3rd party for marketing purposes or store your credit card details in our own database on our servers.
All payments are processed by payment gateways provided at checkout. We never pass on credit card details to anyone, with the exception of credit card clearing agencies, fraud prevention, and detection agencies if need be.When you create a shopping account while ordering online you are given the option to receive information from us via e-mail about products, promotions or special offers. If you don't want to be contacted, make sure you tick the appropriate box as you go through the registration process. You can unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by simply following the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of each email received.CookiesAs you browse our website, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in.
Our display advertising partners, AdRoll, Faecbook and Adwords, then enables us to present you with re-targeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with our website. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your postal address, or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll's and their partners' targeted advertising. http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/Collection of Personal InformationWe collect your personal information so that we can carry out the following actions ("Purpose"):to provide you with products and services that you have requested from us;to communicate with you, including about products and services, competition results, special offers, and events which might interest you;to answer your questions and provide you with information or advice;to create orders, transaction records, agreements for the sale of products or services, accounts, tax invoices or receipts;provide your personal information to third parties that assist us in providing products and services you have requested, such as delivery service providers and fulfilment managers;carry out administration, marketing, planning, fraud and loss prevention activities, procurement, product and service development, quality control and research to improve the way Divine Goddess and its related bodies corporate and service providers provide products and services to you;to consider and respond to complaints made by you;to comply with laws or regulations or to comply with any directions given by regulators or authorities; orif you are a candidate for employment, to assess your suitability for a position at Divine GoddessInformation securityWe work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you. It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer.Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
If you are still concerned about how your personal information is used or you would like your information removed from our files, please contact us.