https://www.helenbrowngroup.com/about/privacy/
The Helen Brown Group LLC is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us at info@helenbrowngroup.com if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
Definitions used in this Policy
Data protection principles we follow
What rights do you have regarding your Personal Data
What Personal Data we gather about you
How we use your Personal Data
Who else has access to your Personal Data
How we secure your data
Information about cookies
Contact information
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject – a natural person whose Personal Data is being processed.
Child – a natural person under 16 years of age.
We/us (either capitalized or not) – The Helen Brown Group LLC
Data Protection Principles
We promise to abide by the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We consider legal rights before processing Personal Data. We will provide you with information regarding if/how your data has been processed upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our processing activities fit the purpose for which the Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for each purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Your rights
Everyone has the following rights:
Right to information – meaning you have the right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access – meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification – meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing – meaning where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing – meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.
Right to object to automated Processing – meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.
Right to data portability – you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint – in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled please contact us.
Right for the help of supervisory authority – meaning you have the right for the help of supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent – you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
Data we gather and process
Information you have provided to us
This might be your e-mail address, name, billing address, home address etc – mainly information that is necessary for delivering you a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. As a client or end user of our products and services, The Helen Brown Group LLC is a data controller.
Information collected about you by third party services
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your Member Area username and password, your IP address, your Member area viewing history etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
At checkout in the Member Area, we will collect your name, email address, username, and password. This information is used to setup your account for our site. If you are redirected to an offsite payment gateway to complete any payments, we may store this information in a temporary session variable to setup your account when you return to our site.
If you have signed up for our newsletter, we use your email address to mail it to you. When you open email from us our third-party email marketing service will collect information including your IP address, which links you have clicked on, your broad geographical location, etc.
Information provided to us by our clients and partners
Our clients provide us with Personal Data about their alumni, friends, members, patients, and other constituents who are volunteers, donors, and donor prospects. We process information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us. This is either information that constituents have provided to them directly or that they have gathered about constituents on other legal grounds. We retain this information for 6 months for the convenience of our clients at which time it is deleted. In our work on behalf of our clients The Helen Brown Group LLC is a data processor.
Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available. Resources that we use for this purpose include (but are not limited to) search engines, newspaper and magazine databases, social media, company websites and directories, foundation websites and directories, philanthropy lists, and public data aggregators. A full list of resources is available upon request to info@helenbrowngroup.com.
How we use your Personal Data
If you are a client or user of HBG products or services, we use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes (for example) registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with information at your request and communicating with you in relation to our products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
enhance your customer experience;
fulfil an obligation under law or contract;
send you newsletters or provide access to member-only areas of our website;
communicate for sales or invoicing purposes; and/or
provide you with access to our goods and services.
We use Personal Data based on legitimate interest and/or with your consent, depending on the circumstance (data processor or data controller, respectively).
We may process your Personal Data in order to fulfil obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymize Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymized.
We save billing information and other information gathered about you/your account for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law, but not longer than one year after it is needed.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further processing;
the further processing would not harm your interests; and
there would be appropriate safeguard for processing.
We will update our Privacy Policy with any further processing and purposes as they arise.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data with anyone outside of The Helen Brown Group LLC or our clients who have contracted our services. Personal Data about you is collected by third parties when you access our website in order to provide a service to you or to enhance your user experience. Your data may be collected and/or processed by connected third parties, including (but not limited to):
Google Analytics, Paid Memberships Pro, and MailChimp
We only work with processing partners that are able to ensure appropriate levels of protection of your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymizing and pseudonymizing where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. We use cloud-based, secure servers and encryption for file storage and delivery.
We do our best, but given the nefarious efforts of others we cannot guarantee the security of any information. However, we will notify suitable authorities of data breaches immediately after we have discovered them. We will also do our best to notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, it is your responsibility to keep your username and password secret. We recommend that you use strong passwords and store them securely.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyze customer behavior, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions on our website.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalized features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Contact Information
The Helen Brown Group LLC
489 Mt. Auburn Street, Suite 4
Watertown, MA 02472
617-393-1983
Supervisory Authority
If you have questions about our security or data handling policies, please contact Helen Brown, at Helen@HelenBrownGroup.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made December 4, 2018.
Get the Intelligent Edge
Our weekly update provides insight and commentary on breaking philanthropy news and the latest innovations in fundraising intelligence.First Name*Last Name*Email Address*
HBG Privacy Policy
By sharing your information you give us permission to send you our newsletter. You may unsubscribe at any time.
New Articles
December edition – Who’s Doing Well Now?
Art Imitates Life
Shining light on new prospective donors
What on Earth is a SPAC?
The Wealthy and their Art
Keep Updated
FacebookLinkedInRSSTwitter
Get the Essential Handbook
Get Your Copy
Learn More
Categories
Campaign Success
Career development
Due Diligence
Effective searching
Fundraising Analytics
Fundraising Ethics
HBG Book Club
International prospect research
Most popular
News
Non-profit trends
Podcast
Prospect Development 101
Prospect identification
Ratings
Relationship management
Research Department Success
Researching Companies
Researching Individuals
Social Media
Strategic planning
Trust & Foundation Research
Uncategorized
Wealth screenings
ABOUT HBG
The Helen Brown Group was formed in 2002 with a goal to be different.
Allow me to explain my personal philosophy to you.
Learn More About HBG
Latest Intelligent Edge Articles
December edition – Who’s Doing Well Now?
Art Imitates Life
Shining light on new prospective donors
What on Earth is a SPAC?
The Wealthy and their Art
Privacy Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Privacy Tools
David’s career in prospect research began in 2009, as a graduate research assistant at the Shippensburg University Foundation. In 2011, He became a development researcher for the University of Virginia. In 2015, David became assistant director of prospect research at the University of Baltimore, serving for 3 years. Recently, he was the director of development for Trees Forever. David Joined the Helen Brown Group as a research assistant in January 2020. He earned a B.A. in Theater at Indiana University of Pennsylvania and a M.A. in Applied History at Shippensburg University. David is a member of APRA and APRA Great Plains.
CLOSE
Kenny has worked in development since 1999 and has been involved in prospect research since 2002.
Prior to joining The Helen Brown Group, he was the director of donor and prospect research at the United Way of Massachusetts Bay. Kenny is a member of APRA and NEDRA.
CLOSE
Tara first began her career in development in 2002 supporting the Major Gifts department at Simmons College, and ultimately went on to serve as Assistant Director of Prospect Research. Since that time, she has also worked as a Senior Research Analyst at MIT, as Associate Director of Prospect Management and Research at the Harvard Graduate School of Education, and as Director of Development Research at Combined Jewish Philanthropies (CJP).
Tara originally joined the Helen Brown Group team in 2007 and served as a Research Associate and ShareTraining coordinator until 2008 – she rejoined the company as a Senior Researcher in 2013 and was promoted to her current role in 2018.
She has been an active volunteer with NEDRA for many years and served on the board of directors from 2010-2016. During her time on the NEDRA board, she served in many different roles, including terms as Vice President, Secretary, Chair of the Website and Technology Committee, Chair of the Volunteer Committee, and as Chair and Editor of NEDRA News. She is currently a member of the NEDRA Bootcamp faculty. In addition, Tara has also been involved as a volunteer with Apra, serving stints on the Membership Committee, Chapters Committee, and Bylaws Task Force.
CLOSE
Angie began her career in development in 1999 at Virginia Tech in Corporate and Foundation Relations and later in prospect research at the University of Connecticut Foundation.
A graduate of the University of Tennessee at Martin, her experience includes grants management at the University of South Carolina, program evaluation for South Carolina Research Authority and human resources analysis for Nissan North America.
She returned to development in 2007 and worked in various prospect research positions at Vanderbilt University, including Associate Director. She was named Director for Vanderbilt University Medical Center’s research office in 2015, and joined The Helen Brown Group in 2016.
CLOSE
jdsahjhDJDJHJSH
CLOSE
Josh began his career in development as the Phonathon Coordinator at Keene State College. He then worked at non-profit consulting firm Schultz & Williams in Philadelphia.
He started his research career at the University of Pennsylvania as a Research Assistant in 2005. He then moved over to the Wharton School of Business, where he became the Associate Director, Research and Prospect Management. Josh joined the Helen Brown Group in 2016.
Josh is also a Colorado licensed Realtor and graduate of Lehigh University.
CLOSE
In March 2017, Kristina joined the Helen Brown Group as a Research Associate. Before joining HBG, she was the Research Manager at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn and an Associate Manager of Prospect Research at City Harvest, a food rescue organization. Kristina started her non-profit career as a legal assistant at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 2004.  She is a member of Apra and Apra Greater New York. She was Apra Greater New York’s Director of Programming from June 2014 to May 2016. Kristina graduated from The University of Chicago and the Bard Graduate Center.
CLOSE
Grace began her career in development in 2001 as Executive Assistant to the Chief Development Officer with Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH), a Harvard Medical School-affiliated academic medical center.
In 2003, she became a prospect researcher for the BWH principal and major gifts team and spent the next 11 years in various research positions with BWH, culminating as Assistant Director of Prospect Research. She has been affiliated with The Helen Brown Group since January 2014.
CLOSE
Heather began her career in 2002 as a prospect research coordinator for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation and then moved to Carroll College in 2004.
In 2005, Heather began working on her own as a freelancer and eventually started her own consulting firm, Willis Research Services, in 2007. She joined The Helen Brown Group in 2012.
Heather is a member of the Association of Professional Researchers for Advancement and the Montana Nonprofit Association.
CLOSE
Jennifer began her career in development at her alma mater, Wheaton College, where she was an administrative assistant for the major gifts department.
She joined The Helen Brown Group in March 2008. She earned a master’s degree in library science from the Southern Connecticut State University in May 2009. Jennifer is a member of APRA and NEDRA.
CLOSE
Rick has been a member of the Helen Brown Group team since 2005. Prior to joining HBG, Rick was director of research at St. Paul’s School in Concord, New Hampshire. Rick has worked in development since 1996, both in prospect research and major gifts fund raising. His experience includes the University of Vermont, Phillips Exeter Academy and St. Paul’s School.
Rick is past president of NEDRA and is a member of and frequent volunteer for APRA.
CLOSE
Josh began his career in development as the Phonathon Coordinator at Keene State College. He then worked at non-profit consulting firm Schultz & Williams in Philadelphia.
He started his research career at the University of Pennsylvania as a Research Assistant in 2005. He then moved over to the Wharton School of Business, where he became the Associate Director, Research and Prospect Management. Josh joined the Helen Brown Group in 2016.
Josh is also a Colorado licensed Realtor and graduate of Lehigh University.
CLOSE
Mandi has worked in prospect research and management since 2006. She began her development career as a research analyst in development research at City of Hope, an NCI-designated comprehensive cancer center in Los Angeles. From there, she became the manager of prospect development at Huntington Memorial Hospital, a community hospital in Pasadena, CA. Most recently, she was the associate director of prospect research and management at Occidental College, a private liberal arts college in LA.
Mandi has a BA degree in print journalism from Southern Methodist University and a master’s degree of library and information science from UCLA.
She joined the Helen Brown Group in May 2019.
CLOSE
Kelly began her career in development in 2008 as an administrative assistant in Major Gifts at Wheaton College.
In 2010, she became a research analyst at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in the Division of Development & Jimmy Fund as part of the prospect identification team. Kelly joined The Helen Brown Group in 2013.
She is a member of APRA and NEDRA.
CLOSE
Jayme began her career in development in 2008 at the Rutgers University Foundation, where she spent the next seven years, first in prospect management and then prospect research. She spent several years at Monmouth University as their senior prospect research analyst, working with the fundraising staff, university president, and top leadership. She has worked as both a volunteer and consultant for non-profits in the areas of research and writing.
She earned a bachelor of arts degree from Drew University and a master of communication and information sciences from Rutgers University. She is a member of APRA.
Jayme joined The Helen Brown Group in April 2019.
CLOSE
Julie has managed finances for The Helen Brown Group since its founding.
In her spare time, she is an editor for the PBS series Masterpiece at WGBH. Julie was nominated twice for an Emmy award for her work on the PBS show Zoom.
CLOSE
Heather began her career in development in 2001 as a prospect researcher for National Wildlife Federation (NWF). She was with NWF for more than thirteen years, including nearly five years as director of research and analytics. Heather is a former secretary of the board of directors of APRA-Metro DC.
She joined The Helen Brown Group in October 2014.
CLOSE
David began his career in development at The Gunnery school in northwest Connecticut in 2011, where he worked in database management and prospect research. Subsequently, he joined the College of Saint Rose as a development research analyst before leading Albany Medical Center Foundation’s prospect research efforts as Associate Director of Prospect Research. He has a Bachelor’s Degree in Sociology from Siena College and is a member of APRA and CASE.
CLOSE
Michele began her career in development in 2012 when she joined the UC Berkeley corporate and foundation relations team as a development analyst. She spent a year and a half at Cal before returning to UC Davis as a prospect analyst. She was with the prospect management and relations team at UC Davis for almost three years prior to joining the research and relationship management team at George Washington University as a Senior Prospect Analyst in 2016.
Michele received her BA in creative writing from Florida State University and her MA in higher education leadership from CSU Sacramento. She currently resides in Northern Virginia, is a member of Apra International, and serves as the social media chair for Apra Metro DC. Michele joined The Helen Brown Group in July 2018.
CLOSE
Angie has worked in development since 2002, partnering with a wide range of nonprofit institutions. She began her professional career at Vanderbilt University in research and prospect development.
She has also worked with a number of community nonprofits in front-line fundraising, grant-writing, and event management. Angie holds an MPA in Nonprofit Management from the Indiana University Lilly Family School of Philanthropy and a BS in Journalism from Middle Tennessee State University. She resides in Nashville, Tennessee, and is a member of AFP Nashville and APRA MidSouth, where she has been active on the executive team.
She joined The Helen Brown Group in October 2015.
CLOSE
Maureen has been a part of the non-profit world since 1991. She started out in annual giving at Harvard Law School and continued her career as director of annual/special gifts at UC Santa Cruz.
In 1999 she made the switch from front-line fundraising to serve as director of prospect research/management at Bentley University and in 2001 began her role as administrator for the North American Foundation for the University of Manchester. She became part of the HBG team in September of 2011.
CLOSE
Helen has been a development professional since 1987. Her previous experience includes The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the Albert Einstein Institution, Boston College, the Harvard School of Public Health and Northeastern University.
Currently she works with a variety of clients to establish, benchmark and re-align research departments; identify major gift prospects; and train researchers and other fundraisers through on-site and web-based training services.Helen is a former member of the board of the Association of Professional Researchers for Advancement (APRA) and is past president of the New England Development Research Association (NEDRA). In 2006 she received the NEDRA Ann Castle Award for service to the prospect research community.
Helen is Special Advisor on Fundraising to the North American Foundation for the University of Manchester and is a member of the board of directors of Factary Ltd. (Bristol, UK). She is a member of NEDRA, APRA, the Association of Independent Information Professionals (AIIP), Women In Development, the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP) and Researchers in Fundraising (UK).
Helen is a frequent speaker and has led seminars for a number of professional associations, including Action Planning, AFP, APRA, the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), NEDRA, RIF, the Planned Giving Council of Central Massachusetts, the Georgia Center on Nonprofits, the International Fundraising Congress and Resource Alliance.
Helen is also co-author (with Jen Filla) of the book, Prospect Research for Fundraisers (Wiley & Sons, 2013).
CLOSE
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy