http://www.heifer.org/support/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
On This Page:
Open the in-page menu
Collection and Use
Section
Sharing Information
Section
Personal Information
Section
California Privacy
Section
GDPR
Section
Transaction Security
Section
(Last updated on June 3, 2020)
At Heifer International, we value your support and we are committed to protecting your privacy. We provide a safe environment for anyone who visits or makes a donation. The purpose of this statement is to share with you our policy concerning your privacy.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you visit our website, we collect some non-identifying basic information. This includes total number of visitors, pages viewed, and other non-identifying information. We use this aggregate information to improve our website and to make your experience as smooth as possible.
When you donate online, we ask for your name, address, daytime phone, e-mail address, and credit card information. We also collect donor information through other means such as direct mail, call centers, e-mail communications, and personal visits. We use your information to process your donation(s) and to verify credit card data. We use your mailing address to send your tax-deductible receipt(s) and to keep you informed about what we are doing in different parts of the world through our publications. We may also use contact information you provide in connection with honor cards to communicate with certain honorees for marketing, educational, informational, and other purposes.
Do we share your information?
We may disclose to third parties aggregate statistics regarding donations, but these statistics do not include any personally identifying information. The information given includes: total number of donors, total amount of donations for specific periods of time, and referring websites. Aggregate information of this kind is used to encourage fundraising relationships.
We use one or more third-party financial institutions to process our credit card transactions. They receive the credit card number and other personal information of our donors only to verify credit card numbers and to process credit card transactions in a secure environment.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf. We only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose.
We have relationships with companies that conduct charitable sales promotions that ultimately benefit us. We may pass your contact information to these companies so that they may ask you if you are interested in receiving their services. Your choice to use their services will benefit us and the amount of money we receive will be disclosed at the time you are contacted by them. You are under no obligation to respond and the companies are restricted from using your contact information for any other purpose.
Starting July 1, 2013, we began making certain donors’ names, postal addresses, and e-mail addresses available to a limited number of reputable organizations, and may charge such organizations a fee in connection therewith. We have found this to be a cost-effective way to increase our database of potential donors, and hope that you value the information they send you.
How can you protect your personal information?
If you wish to remain anonymous, but want to donate online and receive a tax-deductible receipt, please donate to us through a trustworthy online charity website.
You can send anonymous donations simply by sending a money order to us at the address found at the bottom of this section. However, if you do not provide your name and address we will be unable to send you a tax-deductible receipt.
If you would like to review your personal information and request corrections, please contact us using the contact information at the end of this section.
Ability to Opt-out.  You may restrict our internal and our external use and/or sharing of your personal information by contacting us using the contact information at the end of this section. For example, you may request (a) that we no longer communicate with you regarding our programs, and/or (b) that we not share your information with other organizations.  You may opt-out at any time, and the option to opt-out applies to both online and offline donors.  Please include your full name, address, phone number, and e-mail address in your opt-out request, and indicate how you would like your information restricted.
Contact Information:
Heifer International P.O. Box 8058 Little Rock, AR 72203-8058 855.9HUNGER (855.948.6437)
remove@heifer.org
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, you are entitled to request the following information which we will provide to you free of charge:
A list of the types of personal information which we disclose to third-parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year; and
The names and addresses of all third parties that receive personal information in these categories from us in the preceding calendar year, and examples of the products or services marketed by these businesses: (a) name and address; (b) electronic mail address; (c) age or date of birth; (d) names of children; (e) electronic mail address of children; (f) number of children; (g) the age or gender of children; (h) height; (i) weight; (j) race; (k) religion; (l) occupation; (m) telephone number; (n) education; (o) political party affiliation; (p) medical condition; (q) drugs, therapies, or medical products or equipment used; (r) kind of product purchased, leased or rented by customer; (s) real property purchased, leased or rented; (t) the kind of service provided; (u) social security number; (v) bank account number; (w) credit card or debit card number; (x) payment history; and (y) information pertaining to assets, liabilities or credit worthiness.
Please direct your request for these types of information to:
Heifer International P.O. Box 8058 Little Rock, AR 72203-8058 855.9HUNGER (855.948.6437)
About our "cookies", “pixels”, and similar technologies: To allow you to keep the items in your basket, as you pass through the catalog, we utilize "cookies," which store your order information in your web browser. The order "cookies" we use are only used to process your order. We also offer users the option to create "My Account" which will help make future orders quicker because some of your information will already be stored in our system. Users opting to create an account will have a "My Account cookie" stored by their web browser. The "My Account cookie" is encoded to point to the user's contact information in our database so that it may be accessed with subsequent orders to pre-fill the order form. Credit card information cannot be accessed using the "My Account cookie." The "My Account cookie" itself contains none of the user's personal information, and the system will only pre-fill the order form with contact information if it detects the user's "My Account cookie," receives and confirms the user's correct e-mail address as part of the ordering process. Also, the "My Account cookie" is not set to expire. If a user logs out of his/her account, however, the "My Account cookie" is cleared from the user's computer. If you would rather not accept "cookies," you may call your order in to us at 855.9HUNGER (855.948.6437), or, you may mail it to:
Heifer International P.O. Box 8058 Little Rock, AR 72203-8058
We also use cookies to track the number of users who come to our website for special-occasion gift-giving campaigns. This information is used to determine how effective the campaign was and not to identify an individual user. We may choose to employ cookies at times to evaluate the ease of our ordering process and to make it as customer friendly and easy-to-use as possible. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies for related purposes.
We also place and use, and allow third-party companies like Amazon to place and use, “pixels” on our website.  Pixels gather information about website visitors, such as browsing history, click history, and other information regarding website navigation.  This allows us and third parties to provide you with ads—across the Internet—about services, goods, and content that might be of interest to you.  If you would like to learn more about opting out of receiving interest-based ads from Amazon, please visit your Amazon Advertising Preferences page at amazon.com/adprefs, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at www.optout.aboutads.info, the YourOnlineChoices page for your geographic location at www.youronlinechoices.com, or the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s opt-out page at www.youradchoices.ca/en/tools.
WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM A CHILD WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE CHILD'S PARENT(S). CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 SHOULD OBTAIN PARENTAL CONSENT BEFORE ORDERING FROM OUR WEBSITE.
European Union's General Data Protection Regulation
Heifer International values the data protection principles established by the European Union’s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation, including transparency and accountability, collecting data for legitimate, limited purposes, minimizing data collected, maintaining accurate data, maintaining data for reasonable periods, and taking appropriate data security measures. However, Heifer International has taken proactive steps to (a) avoid offering goods or services to EU residents, (b) avoid soliciting donations from EU residents, and (c) avoid monitoring the behavior of EU residents.
How Do We Provide a Secure Environment for Online Transactions?
Our on-line order processing system allows you to make safe donations and purchases. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect your information as it travels to our ordering system.
Our on-line credit card verification system is handled by a third party, which collects your name, address, phone, and credit card number and expiration date in order to process your transaction. Their encryption technology offers an extremely high level of security. They also have state-of-the-art firewalls and other security technology in place to ensure the confidentiality of your transactions.
Please enable Javascript in your browser.
Some features of the site will not work without Javascript enabled.
Learn how to enable it here.
By clicking “Accept,” you trust Heifer International to responsibly use cookies to personalize content and ads, provide social media features and analyze site traffic. Read about cookies and their benefits in our privacy policy.
Accept
Decline