http://www.phelpsdunbar.com/admiralty
Related Professionals
+
Zachary J. Ardoin
Robert J. Barbier
John A. Bolles
Taylor M.
Bologna
Michael M. Butterworth
Colin B. Cambre
David "Turk" I.
Clay II
Miles P.
Clements
Adam
Davis
Jeremy
T. Grabill
Allen "Teeto" E.
Graham
E. Barrett
Hails
Michael F. Held
Gary A. Hemphill
Arthur R. Kraatz
Kevin J. LaVie
David B. Lawton
Joseph "Josh" E. Lee III
Sarah G. Maddox
Marc
Matthews
Robert P. McCleskey, Jr.
Evans Martin "Marty" McLeod
G. Edward
Merritt
Thomas Kent Morrison
Andy R. Nash
William J. Riviere
Ivan M. Rodriguez
Hugh Ramsay Straub
Michael E. Streich
Stormy L. Strickland
Marcus R. Tucker
Justin C. Warner
A. Grady "Bo"
Williams IV
Michael J. Yenni, Jr.
Magdalini Galitou Yiannopoulos
RELATED INDUSTRIES
+
Maritime
Energy
Gaming
Admiralty
Contacts
Thomas Kent Morrison
EMAIL
/ VCARD
Evans Martin "Marty" McLeod
EMAIL
/ VCARD
Phelps Dunbar offers its Admiralty clients the advantage of significant experience, established regional resources along the Third Coast and a global industry perspective to handle virtually any maritime matter.
One of the largest Admiralty and Maritime practice groups in the country, Phelps Dunbar has over 25 attorneys across the Gulf region dedicated to handling our clients’ opportunities and challenges on the regional, national and international level.  The firm represents a diverse client base that ranges from small offshore service companies to multinational corporations in areas including maritime contracts, international shipping, maritime finance, environmental issues, litigation, and services to the oil industry operating in the Gulf of Mexico.  Recognized internationally, the group excels in cases ranging from complex emergent situations to routine maritime claims, and often consults with the firm’s attorneys in the four other practice groups to better meet the needs of our clients.  Additionally, because maritime occurrences often call for urgent action, we maintain a 24/7 Emergency Response on-call system so that we are available to our clients at any time.
Litigation
Our attorneys routinely litigate in matters involving collision and personal injury defense (inland marine vessels, oceangoing vessels, passenger vessels, drill rigs, and other offshore equipment), defense of cargo claims, workers' compensation, maritime commercial disputes and marine insurance coverage. In addition, the firm has particular experience in mass disaster, major pollution, toxic tort and class action litigation for both marine and land based claims.
Regulatory
Our attorneys appear before state and federal regulatory bodies such as the United States Coast Guard, Federal Maritime Commission, United States Department of Labor and the National Transportation Safety Board. We also routinely call upon the firm’s Labor and Employment attorneys to assist in counseling our maritime clients in specialized areas such as immigration.
Commercial and Non-Litigation Counseling
The attorneys in our maritime practice are routinely asked to render marine insurance counseling, marine insurance coverage evaluation, contract drafting and negotiation, charter drafting and negotiation, and marine financing advices.
To contact an admiralty attorney regarding any maritime matter, either click on the "Related Professionals" link to search for an individual attorney or address your message to our general admiralty email address - PhelpsAdmiralty@phelps.com. For marine emergencies, contact our 24 hour emergency line at 504-779-2024.
Experience
Latest News
11/5/2020
All Phelps U.S. Offices Make 2021 "Best Law Firms" List,
Six Practice Areas Ranked Nationally
MORE
Latest Publication
9/15/2020
Fifth Circuit Vacates District Court's Unprecedented Decision to Lift Stay in a Limitation Action Without a Proper Stipulation
MORE