http://www.christchurch.com.au/privacy-statement
0
Privacy StatementAt Christ Church St Ives we respect your right to privacy and accept our responsibility to deal carefully and properly with any information collected and retained.
Collection of InformationWe collect and retain information when necessary for the purposes of the ministry and related activities of Christ Church St Ives. No one is under any compulsion to give us any personal information unless they wish to.  The Church may collect general information about you such as your name, address and other details so that we can contact you.  We may also collect personal information during the course of dealing with you, for example when you wish to obtain goods or services from the Church, when you register for conferences or events and when you participate in Church activities or complete other forms.  The information collected may include some sensitive information such as health information.  Where practicable, the purpose for which we collect personal information will be made clear at the time of collection.  If you do not provide us with certain information we may be unable to provide you with access to some of our services or the assistance you have requested.Use and Disclosure of InformationWe use information only for the purposes we have disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Policy.  We will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorised or required by law.  We will not mention any sensitive information provided to us, such as health information, in newsletters or bulletins without the approval of you or the person responsible for you.  Generally we will only use and disclose your personal information as follows:to establish and maintain a record of your involvement and attendance;to provide the products or services you have requested from the Church;to answer your inquiry;to register you for events or conferencesto keep you informed of new developments we believe may be of interest to you (if we contact you in this way, you will have the opportunity to decline any further such communications); andto publish a congregational directory to those participating.Data Quality & IdentifiersWe will endeavour to keep personal information complete, accurate and up to date.  We will not use any Government or agency numbers to identify an individual.  Unless required by law we do not retain any personal numbers such as tax file numbers.Data SecurityWe will take reasonable steps to keep secure the personal information which we hold and to protect it from unauthorised disclosure and misuse.  Email is not a secure method of transmitting information and so we cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to us by email.Access and CorrectionWe will provide individuals with access to their personal information as required by law and take reasonable steps to correct information which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.  To request access to the personal information that the Church holds about you please contact the Church’s privacy officer.  If you wish to have your personal information deleted please let us know and we will delete that information as far as practicable.Privacy OfficerConcerns, questions or complaints about our privacy policy should be directed to the Business Manager.