http://www.whitman.edu/campus-life/orientation/immersions/registration-and-policies
Skip to main content
/
Campus Life
/
Orientation
/
Immersions
/
Registration and Policies
Registration and Policies
Section Navigation
Section Navigation
/ ... /
Campus Life
Orientation
Immersions
Registration and Policies
Orientation
Family Orientation
Whitman This Week
New Student Advising
New Student FAQ
Tech Tips
International Students
Immersions
Explorations
SCORE
Scrambles
Student Leaders
Registration and Policies
While participating in an Immersions experience, you will have the opportunity to challenge yourself. Those challenges may be mental, emotional or physical. We ask that all students bring an open mind and a willingness to fully participate in the experience.
Space in each of our Immersions programs is limited. Students are encouraged to register as early as possible. You must register on the Compass registration site. Each program will maintain a waitlist and notify you if space becomes available.
Registration information for 2020 Immersions trips is not yet available. It will open later this summer.
Costs
There is no cost to participate in an Explorations experience. Students who register for a SCORE or Scramble experience will receive an invoice with the final trip costs. You can pay for your trip on the Compass website. Payment for SCORE and Scrambles trips is due by July 15. Students who do not pay for their trip by the deadline will be moved to a waitlist. More details about each trip's cost is available on that specific trip.
Scrambles and SCORE Scholarships
We want all students who are interested in SCORE and Scrambles to get the chance to participate in a trip, regardless of their financial situation.
The Outdoor Program and Student Engagement Center offer scholarships to students receiving significant need-based financial aid. Scholarships will cover up to 50% of the cost, depending on the student’s need-based financial aid. We will work closely with the Office of Financial Aid and the Dean of Students office to determine eligibility.
Scholarship funds are limited and will be used to assist students with the highest need. All students will be automatically considered for aid. No application is needed. If you need funding beyond 50% of the trip cost, contact the Dean of Students Office at 509-527-5158.
After the initial trip selection lottery, we will check for your name and level of aid from the Office of Financial Aid. You will then be notified if you qualify for financial aid and receive a scholarship before full trip payment is due on July 15. Your scholarship amount will be deducted from the full trip price.
Cancellation and Refunds for Scrambles and SCORE
If you cancel before July 15, you will receive the full refund minus a $65 cancellation fee.
If you cancel after July 15 but 14 days prior to your trip's starting date, you will receive a 50 percent refund.
Any cancellations within 14 days of the trip start date are non-refundable.
On the rare occasion that the college must cancel a trip, you will be given the choice of a full refund or an alternative trip, if possible.
Schedule and Travel Plans
Once you have received confirmation of your Immersions experience and its start date, it is wise to make your travel arrangements as soon as possible. There are a limited number of flights to the Walla Walla Regional Airport.
After you have booked your travel, you will input that information into the Compass system. Immersions leaders will arrange to pick you up if you fly in to the Walla Walla airport.
Participants can also fly in to the Tri-Cities Airport in Pasco, Washington, and take the Grape Line shuttle to Walla Walla. The shuttle costs $15 and runs three times daily, departing Pasco at 11:25 a.m., 4:40 p.m. and 10:25 p.m. A prepaid reservation is required for pickup. Please confirm times and prices by visiting the Grape Line website at grapeline.us or calling 877-433-4775.
Airlines servicing the Pasco airport have direct flights from Seattle/Tacoma, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Portland, Salt Lake City, Minneapolis and Denver.
If you choose to come to Whitman through other means than the Walla Walla airport, you are responsible for getting to campus on time.
Accommodations
Lodging is not available on campus before the start of your Immersions experience. If you need to arrive at Whitman before your Immersion begins, please contact your program leader for assistance in finding a place to stay.
Storing Your Belongings
Students participating in an Immersions experience will be allowed to leave their belongings in a locked storage space in Anderson Hall before leaving for their trip. Immersions staff members will be available on campus the day your experience begins to help you move your items.
Do not leave anything in storage that you will need access to during your Immersions experience (such as clothes, toiletries or medication needed during your trip).
Many students flying to Walla Walla choose to mail their school belongings ahead of time and only fly with the gear they need for their Immersions experience. Please do not ship boxes to Whitman prior to Aug. 15.
If you would like to mail your belongings to campus, send them to: Your Name c/o Whitman College 280 Boyer Ave. Walla Walla, WA 99362
If you have questions about the post office, contact supervisor Eddie DeLeon at deleoner@whitman.edu.
Accessibility
Whitman College strives for our Immersions experiences to be accessible to all students. If you have any questions about accessibility please contact the coordinator for the program you are interested in.
Drugs, Smoking and Alcohol
No use of illegal or recreational drugs is allowed during any college trips, because they inhibit full engagement. Anyone who uses drugs or alcohol will be released from the trip. It will be the responsibility of the individual to coordinate plans once they are removed from the trip. Smoking is not permitted during outdoor trips do to fire risks.
Safety and Risk
EXPLORATIONS: Exploration leaders are expected to possess current Red Cross first aid certification. Exploration leaders participate in leadership training by a variety of Whitman staff in the spring semester as well as additional training prior to the start of Explorations in August. Each Exploration trip will have a first aid kit and each leader will have a cellphone.
SCORE: SCORE leaders are required to possess current Red Cross first aid certification. SCORE leaders participate in training provided by the Student Engagement Center directly prior to the SCORE start date. Each SCORE trip will have a first aid kit and each leader will have a cellphone.
SCRAMBLES: All Scramble leaders are required to possess current CPR and first aid certifications. Every Scramble leader team has at least one leader with a more advanced first aid certification such as Wilderness First Responder (WFR) or Wilderness EMT. Most Scrambles have two or more WFR-certified leaders. Some Scrambles trips require 12-15 passenger vans. Those driving these vehicles have completed a van certification process.
All drivers have the appropriate driver’s license. Scramble leaders also participate in a required four-day backcountry Scramble leader training provided by Whitman College. Many leaders also have taken an optional elective course such as Outdoor Leadership, River Guide Leadership, Sea Kayak Guide Leadership or Advanced Climbing, and/or have paid trip leading experience.
Each Scramble carries two first aid kits, four epinephrine doses and a cellphone in the van. Some Scrambles carry additional communication equipment, such as satellite phones or marine radios. Leaders are trained to use safety and communication equipment and are expected to follow Whitman evacuation and treatment procedures. Participants with food allergies or restrictions are highly encouraged to work directly with their trip leaders to ensure their dietary needs are met.
There are inherent risks and hazards in living and traveling in the remote wilderness areas where Scrambles travel. Whitman is committed to minimizing these risks as much as possible, but risk cannot be entirely eliminated. Freezing temperatures, rain, snow, rivers, rockfall, lightning and other hazards encountered during wilderness activities can challenge even the most experienced outdoor leader. Errors in judgment or the unpredictable forces of nature can become potentially life-threatening. Scramble leaders have been selected for their first aid training and backcountry experience.
The majority of medical incidents, such as strains, sprains, scrapes and minor cuts, can be treated in the field. A more serious injury may require evacuation to a medical facility. It could take hours or days to reach definitive medical care depending upon where an injury occurs. It is important that both parents/guardians and participants understand that there are risks and that they will be away from definitive medical and mental health care support. Scramble leaders and participants learn to identify hazards and adapt behavior, but they are operating in an environment that can be unpredictable and challenging at times. If you have any further questions about risk management on Scrambles, please contact the Outdoor Program director or assistant director.
Some past Scrambles have had to change their route or go to another area due to wildfire or trail conditions. All leaders will check with the appropriate land management agency in their area before starting to obtain permits and assess conditions.
Permits
Whitman College operates under federal permits from the USDA Forest Service, National Park Service and Bureau of Land Management and is an equal opportunity provider and employer.
Whitman College operates in the following areas:
Baker City BLM (OR)
Cottonwood BLM (ID)
Gifford Pinchot National Forest (WA)
Malheur National Forest (OR)
Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest (WA)
North Cascades National Park (WA)
Oregon State Parks
Umatilla National Forest (OR))
Wallowa-Whitman National Forest (OR and ID)
Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife Washington State Parks