https://www.mamacash.org/en/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Mama Cash uses your data so that we can provide you as a donor, supporter or grant applicant, with a good service and to inform you - at your request - about our work and campaigns. Mama Cash takes your privacy very seriously; we protect your data and do not share your data with third parties for commercial purposes.
In this privacy statement, we would like to inform you of what data we hold about you and why we need it to be of service to you. You can always ask us to change or delete your data.
Read the information below about what you can expect from us, and what rules we comply with.
This privacy statement applies to the processing of personal data by Mama Cash via our website and other channels. The policy does not apply to websites or activities of other organisations to which Mama Cash refers. These organisations implement their own privacy policy, which you yourself must take note of.
Data processing
Mama Cash processes personal data for the purposes of our donor records system, our grantmaking programme and to provide information about our work and campaigns. Mama Cash does not share personal data with third parties for commercial purposes.
Mama Cash has taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure the security of the systems in which personal data are stored. We ensure that personal data are only accessible to employees who are authorised to do so by their job and that we only use the personal data for the purposes for which they were collected, i.e. for compatible purposes.
Mama Cash has the Dutch CBF quality mark for charities (www.cbf.nl).
Data collection via the internet
Mama Cash collects personal data with its website. This happens when you sign up for one of our email newsletters, when you register as a donor or make a donation, when you apply for a grant using our Letter of Interest form or when you take part in an online campaign.
Data collection outside the internet
Mama Cash also collects personal data when you fill in an application form at events, during a telephone conversation or in other ways.
Data processed by Mama Cash
The personal data that Mama Cash can process for the provision of information about our work and our campaigns are as follows: name, address, place of residence, telephone number, email address, gender, date of birth, contact status, contact history. For our donor records system and fundraising programmes, we also process the following data: bank number, payment history.
The personal data that Mama Cash can process for processing grant applications and giving grants are as follows: name, gender, email address, the address of your organisation and other contact details.
We use this information so that we can process your grant application, and if your grant is granted, to keep in touch with you during the term of the grant.
In order to evaluate our grantmaking programme, we also occasionally work with external parties. For this purpose, we share your name, email address, organisation and region.  In all cases we ensure that these third parties have adequate safeguards in place in the area of privacy and security.
Where are your data stored?
We work with external parties for hosting, database and maintenance. These parties may have access to your data as part of the work they carry out for Mama Cash. Some of these parties are located outside Europe. In all cases we ensure that these third parties have adequate safeguards in place in the area of privacy and security.
Email
If you, as a participant in a campaign, donor or information requester, have provided your email address to Mama Cash, you will be informed by email about our campaigns and other activities. You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in each message, or by contacting Janine van Doorn via shesupports@mamacash.org.
Subscribing and unsubscribing to digital newsletters
There are various places on our website (www.mamacash.org) where you can subscribe to digital newsletters from Mama Cash. To subscribe, it is mandatory that your leave your email address. Do you want to receive less or no e-mail? Each message contains an unsubscribe link that allows you to unsubscribe from the email subscription at any time.
Contact with donors
If you register as a Mama Cash donor, we record the personal data you provide in our donor records system. New donors receive a welcome message from Mama Cash by post or via email confirming the donation. Mama Cash informs its donors about its campaigns via our newsletter, by email, post and/or telephone. Mama Cash is a foundation that is completely dependent for its income on donations from private individuals, governments and institutional donors. Mama Cash therefore approaches its donors several times a year with requests for donations.
Our records system also contains personal details of our contacts. A contact is someone who is known to Mama Cash (for example, because they have taken part in a campaign, have subscribed to a newsletter or have requested information), but is not a donor.
Changing data
If you have questions about the processing of your personal data, if you want to know which personal data Mama Cash processes, or if you want to change or delete your data, please contact Janine van Doorn, who can be contacted as follows: shesupports@mamacash.org or +31 20-5158745. Mama Cash is required to request proof of identity before we can allow you access to the personal information we hold in our records.
How long do we keep your data?
Your personal data will not be kept longer than necessary. Some data are stored because this is necessary due to a financial and/or fiscal obligation. Our aim is to destroy personal data as soon as these data are no longer necessary to us to achieve our goals.
Security
Mama Cash has put in place technical and organisational measures to protect personal data against loss or any form of unlawful processing.
Our entire website, including our donation page, therefore also secures data by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). This is a protocol that guarantees secure communication over the internet and that is designed to prevent eavesdropping, interference or falsification of messages. If you are on a secure page such as our donation form, then your browser needs to notify you that you are on a safe site.
Mama Cash uses SSL to protect sensitive information online and also protects user information offline. There is restricted access to all of your data, not only the sensitive information such as payment details. Only employees who need the information to perform a certain task have access to this personal information.
Cookies
Mama Cash uses cookies to improve the usability of our website.
Cookies can be disabled or deleted at any time. You can set your browser to notify you as soon as you receive a cookie and you can also deactivate cookies via your browser settings.
Which cookies does Mama Cash use?
Mama Cash uses Google Analytics to collect anonymised information about, for example, the date and time of your visit to our website and which pages you have viewed. Mama Cash uses this data to improve the website, to compile traffic statistics and to estimate the popularity of the various parts of the site.
You can install "Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on" to prevent our website from sharing information about your visits with Google Analytics.
We also use embedded content such as YouTube videos. Mama Cash is not responsible for and has no control over the cookies placed by platforms such as YouTube when you click on this content.
As a donor, recipient of our newsletter or ezine, or as a grant applicant/recipient, you hereby accept this privacy statement and give Mama Cash your consent to collect, store and process your information in the ways described above and for the purposes you agree with.
This privacy statement is regularly revised. We advise you to check this information regularly. If you have questions about this privacy statement or if you want more information about our entire privacy policy, please contact Mama Cash via shesupports@mamacash.org.
Would you like to receive inspiring stories?
Interested in applying for a grant, click
here instead
Name
This is required.
Email
This is required.
email2
Yes, please
Mama Cash will use your name and e-mail address to be in touch with you and to provide updates. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any mail or by contacting us at shesupports@mamacash.org. By clicking the button above you agree that we may process your name and e-mail address in accordance to our
Privacy Statement.