https://www.northeastanimalshelter.org/about-shelter/privacy-policy/
Saving Homeless Pets Across America
Northeast Animal Shelter
347 Highland Avenue
Salem, MA 01970
(978) 745-9888
Mon-Fri: 10am - 8pm, Sat & Sun: 10am - 6pm
We are open for adoptions by appointment only.
For more information, click here.
Upcoming Events
Looking for a fun project for your group?
About the ShelterAbout the Shelter
No-Kill Mission
Our Staff & Volunteers
Our Building
2019 Thank You Video
Annual Review
Work Opportunities
Directions to the Shelter
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Northeast Animal Shelter respects your privacy and appreciates your support.
Donors are automatically added to our email list. If you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please click here.
Click here for more information about our online privacy policy.
Click here for more information about our donor privacy policy.
Security
All credit card transactions conducted on this site are routed through a secure server. The secure server can send and receive private information across the public Internet by scrambling (encrypting) it.
Northeast Animal Shelter collects the following information through our secure online financial transaction pages: name, address, email address, phone number, and donation amount.  Your credit card number is transmitted directly to our credit card processor; we do not store your credit card number, we never see your credit card number, and we do not have access to this number.
When you make a donation, your personal information is used to acknowledge receipt of your donation. When you send a donation in honor of or in memory of someone and request that an acknowledgement be sent to another individual or a family, we will use the name and address of that individual or family for acknowledgement purposes only.
If you have any questions or concerns about sharing personal information on this site or making credit card transactions, please feel free to contact info@neas.org.
No-Kill Mission
Privacy Policy
Donate
Contact Us
Follow us on
©
2020
Northeast Animal Shelter | Developed by GraVoc Associates