https://www.rmhcrgv.org/help-us/volunteer-opportunities/
Volunteer OpportunitiesThe Valley’s Ronald McDonald House Charities helps families of ill or injured children who are receiving care at local hospitals. We provide a home-away-from-home for families at a very stressful and difficult time. It’s a great feeling to provide some comfort and care to families in need. By volunteering at the Ronald McDonald House, you can experience the many rewards that come from helping others. To learn more, call  (956) 412-7200Who volunteers?Volunteers come in all shapes, sizes and ages at the Ronald McDonald House! Youth volunteers must be 16 or older or must be accompanied by a parent. Because our House is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, year-round, we can find a volunteer opportunity that meets your schedule and lifestyle.Volunteer Opportunities for Individuals – Click Here For Volunteer ApplicationYour help is always needed at the Ronald McDonald House. Individual volunteers are needed for:Daytime Office AssistanceReceptionist duties, filing, photocopying, assisting with mailings anything your office needs, our office needs, too!Night/Weekend VolunteerGet involved with the entire House operations fill in as needed in the office, assist with housekeeping tasks or help families. Every shift is different as you provide help as needed.HandymanProvide small repairs, assist with household chores, etc.Special Event VolunteerNot ready or able to help on a regular basis? Ask us about our next special event and how you can get involved.Special Opportunity for BusinessesAngel Program — Our Angels provide regular, free services to us through their businesses. They charge us only for parts, never for labor. If your business would like to help, give us a call!Volunteer Opportunities for your Club or Group – Click Here for Group ApplicationHere are a few ways that you, your club, organization, or school class can make helping our Ronald McDonald House a fun social event:Cookie BrigadeThere’s nothing like the smell of fresh baked cookies to make our House feel even more like a home! Stop by a single time or adopt one week per month to bake fresh cookies for our families.Food or Snack DriveHelp stock our pantry or freezer. A variation on this theme is a snack drive collect individually wrapped snack items (cookies, chips, crackers, etc) that our families can take with them to the hospital.Meal PreparationArrange to prepare a weekend meal for all the families at the House. Or, plan to prepare a freezer-friendly meal that can be used as needed.Necessities DriveHold a “drive” through your congregation, school or club to collect paper goods, cleaning and laundry supplies, new toys, toiletries, and other items for our families. We can house up to 24 individuals at a time, so we use a lot of supplies!Work GroupsHelp us with special outdoor projects or indoor deep cleaning. Call to find out what our current needs are in this area. Needs vary by season. Work groups are also needed to assist with House events and fundraising activities. Ask us about what’s coming up and how you can help!Host A Fundraiser!Your creative fundraising idea can be a fun team-builder for your group. Funds you raise will go to work immediately supporting the families who depend on the Ronald McDonald House. Click Here for Volunteer Application | Click Here for Group Application