http://www.detzkylaw.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Detzky, Hunter, & DeFillippo, LLCLatest Immigration News
Dec 10 - Pass it On
Dec 9 - Perspectives on Zhang
Dec 8 - Top Articles And News For November 2020
Dec 7 - Instant Immigration News with Twitter
Dec 4 - Dreamers Before Programmers
Dec 3 - Prospects for Country Quotas
Dec 2 - Join ILW LinkedIn Group
Dec 1 - Do You Get EB5 Wires Thru Zoom
Nov 30 - More Mileage For Your Articles
Nov 27 - Border Policy, ICE Detention
Nov 25 - Asylum EAD, DHS Notice
Nov 24 - More Mileage For Your Articles
Nov 23 - Fresh Content for Your Website
Nov 20 - No EB5 1.8 Million Market
Nov 19 - Pass it On
Our PracticesBankruptcy Law
Chapter 7 Bankruptcy
Chapter 13 Bankruptcy
Business Bankruptcy
The Automatic Stay
Myths of Bankruptcy
Immigration Law
Family Immigration
Employment Immigration
Deportation and Removal Defense
Naturalization
Student Immigration
Green Cards
Asylum Claims
Military Law
Labor and Employment Law
Real Estate Law
Criminal and Municipal Defense
This privacy policy applies to information collected online from users of this website. In this policy, you can learn what kind of information we collect, when and how we might use that information, how we protect the information, and the choices you have with respect to your personal information.
What personal information is collected through this website and how is it used?
We collect information about our users in three ways: directly from the user, from our web server logs and through cookies. We use the information primarily to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. We don’t share any of the information you provide with others, unless we say so in this Privacy Policy, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
User-supplied information: If you fill out the “contact” form on this website, we will ask you to provide some personal information (such as e-mail address, name, phone number and state). We only require that you provide an e-mail address on the contact form. Further, if chat is available through this site, you may be asked to provide information if you participate in an online chat. Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; date of birth; drivers license number; or credit card, bank account or other financial information) (collectively, “Sensitive Information”). If you submit any Sensitive Information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission.
Information that you provide to us through the contact form or an online chat will be used so that we may respond to your inquiry. We may also use information you provide to us to communicate with you in the future. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may opt out (unsubscribe) as described below.
Web server logs: When you visit our website, we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs, which are records of the activities on our sites. The servers automatically capture and save the information electronically. Examples of the information we may collect include:
your unique Internet protocol address;
the name of your unique Internet service provider;
the town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website;
the kind of browser or computer you use;
the number of links you click within the site;
the date and time of your visit;
the web page from which you arrived to our site;
the pages you viewed on the site; and
certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s).
The information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use and improve the user’s experience.
Cookies: In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, our websites and applications may use cookies and similar technologies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies also can tell us where visitors go on a website and allow us to save preferences for you so you won’t have to re-enter them each time you visit. The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can use your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to disable cookies.
If you wish to disable cookies from this site, you can do so using your browser. You should understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you don’t accept cookies. For more information about using browsers to manage cookies, please see All About Cookies. You can also refuse to accept Flash cookies from this website using Adobe’s Flash management tools. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ad Settings.
By visiting this website, you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Third-party Services: We may use services hosted by third parties, including Adobe Site Catalyst, to assist in providing our services and to help us understand the use of our site by our visitors. These services may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including your IP address or cookies. If these third-party services collect information, they do so anonymously and in the aggregate to provide information helpful to us such as website trends, without identifying individual visitors.
In addition, we may use services provided by third parties to display relevant content, products, services and advertising to you. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet. They may then use that information to provide measurement services so we can understand your interests and retarget advertisements based on your previous visits to this website. Please keep in mind that we do not share your personal information with any third-party advertiser, ad server or ad network.
You may be able to opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by some third parties by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ad Settings. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll’s and their partners’ targeted advertising. Please see “Cookies” in the section above for more information on how you can control the use of cookies on your computer.
California Do Not Track: Our web services do not alter, change, or respond upon receiving Do Not Track (DNT) requests or signals in browsers. As described in more detail above, we track user activity using web server logs, cookies and similar technologies. Information collected in web server logs helps us analyze website usage and improve the user’s experience. Cookies allow us to offer you a customized experience and present relevant advertising to you.
How is personal information protected?
We take certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.
Who has access to the information?
We will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties, except as follows:
to agents, website vendors and/or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us;
if we are unable to assist with your matter, but know an unaffiliated attorney or firm that may be able to help you, we may refer you and share information you provided us with that party; and
as required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy, as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets (for example, if we are acquired by another firm or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings), or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or property.
How can I correct, amend or delete my personal information and/or opt out of future communications?
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address on our website at any time to:
see what data we have about you, if any;
change/correct any data we have about you;
ask us to delete any data we have about you; and/or
opt out of future communications from us.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us via the phone number, contact form or mailing address listed on this website. If our information practices change in a significant way, we will post the policy changes here.
Effective September 14, 2015
Read Our Latest Blogs & News
FEDERAL JUDGE ORDERS USCIS TO FULLY RESTORE DACA PROGRAM
On November 14, 2020, Judge Nicholas George Garaufis of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York issued an opinion regarding the July 28, 2020 memorandum[1] signed by Acting Secretary Chad F. Wolf.[2] On…
Read More
The Anatomy of a Last Will and Testament
The reading of the will makes a great scene in movies and television shows, with the family gathered around in an office hoping that their long-lost uncle remembered about them and bequeathed them money or…
Read More
Mr. Detzky selected to receive the Sanford Radar Military Lawyer of the year Award
Mr. Detzky has been selected to receive the Sanford Radar Military Lawyer of the year Award by the New Jersey State Bar Association Military and Veterans Affairs Section. The award will be presented on April…
Read More
Contact Detzky, Hunter, and DeFillippo, LLC
If you need an attorney, you should contact a lawyer who listens, counselors who care.
Please fill out our form to discuss your case with a dedicated team of professionals.
Freehold, NJ
(732) 780-3090
45 Court StreetFreehold, NJ 07728
Somerville, NJ
(908) 707-4560
1 Eastern AvenueFloor 2 WestSomerville, NJ 08876
COVID-19 Alert - We are open for telephone consultations
During COVID-19 our office is open for telephone consultations. In person consultations will resume at a later date. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the executive order of New Jersey Governor, we ARE NOT currently conducting in-office consultations but instead will be scheduling web-cam and phone consultations with the consultation fee paid by credit card.  Clients should continue to call us at (732) 780-3090 to schedule their web-based or phone consultations.
×