http://www.cgi.org/privacy
Home
Our Ministry
Our Mission and Beliefs
United States Churches
International Churches
Bible Study Blog
sparks (Kids)
ignite (Teens)
infuse (Young Adults)
Holy Day Calendar
Feast of Tabernacles
Related Ministry Links
Webcast
Armor of God
Armor of God Archives
Armor of God - Web Chat
Biblical News Updates
Request Free Offer
Armor of God Offers
App
Media
Sermon Video and Audio
Bible Study Series
Webcast Archives
Radio Network
Bring on the Sabbath!
Documentaries
Literature
International News
Bible Study Articles
Home Bible Study
(NEW Lessons Added)
International Language Translations
Topics
God
Kingdom of God
The Church
Repentance and Baptism
The Sabbath
Holy Days
Law of God
Bible History
Prophecy
Traditional Doctrines
Free Store
Contact
Donate
PRIVACY POLICYRevised March 4, 2019We are aware of privacy concerns that visitors to this site may have, and we are committed to preserving their privacy.Limited information may be gathered for a number of reasons, including to provide an enhanced online experience for visitors, to understand the most frequently visited areas of our site, and for our internal review of the number of visitors to this site.We will continue to use new technologies that result in improving the materials made available to visitors. Consequently, this policy may be changed without prior notice. Therefore, we suggest that you periodically review our privacy policy for changes. If you submit personal information, you are agreeing that we may communicate with you via email, facsimile, telephone or other means regarding the site and your use of it.The site may also use IP addresses for the above purposes, and to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. The site uses reasonable security procedures to maintain the confidentiality of information. However, because the Internet is a public and open facility, no security measures can guarantee complete confidentiality under all circumstances.To help preserve your confidentiality, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password. We will not sell your personal information to other companies. Under some circumstances, information may also be disclosed to third parties such as governmental agencies for law enforcement and compliance purposes, and when appropriate, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ours or others’ rights or property.Like many other web sites, we may use “cookies” in some portions of the site and may use other automated information collection means. Cookies are information about you from the site that is stored on your hard drive. Cookies save you time because you do not need to manually re-enter the information stored on your hard drive. Cookies also help us upgrade the site by showing when and how users utilize the site. The cookies we create will not extract any information from your computer.COOKIE POLICY