https://www.rofum.org/privacy-policy/
(248) 541-4100
office@rofum.org
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
RSS
Giving
Live Stream
Funeral Service
Building Calendar
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This is the home of The Royal Oak First United Methodist Church. Our website address is: https://www.rofum.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
This site uses contact forms to provide our potential and existing parishioners the ability to contact use for various purposes including general inquiries or  questions about our church and the services it provides. We will use this information to assist our customers with their inquiry. We may keep contact form submission data such as email addresses and phone numbers for up to 6 months. We will not use this information for any marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This website utilizes Google Analytics to provide us with anonymous user interaction data for continuous improvement of our visitors experience. No personal data is collected.
Who we share your data with
Data collected through contact forms is not shared with any third party.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
Your personal information will not be used in any solicitation or sold to third party firms. Forms on this website may give you the ability to opt-in for our newsletter. By checking this box on a form you agree to have “subscribed” to our newsletter.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us in writing at 320 West Seventh St., Royal Oak, MI 48067.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please let us know us as soon as possible by writing us at 320 West Seventh St., Royal Oak, MI 48067. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
Pinterest