https://www.lanzarotegayguide.com/privacy-terms/
Privacy & Terms - Lanzarote Gay Guide
Lanzarote Gay Guide
The GLBT+ Guide to Lanzarote
Home
Bars & Food
Beaches
Resorts
Island & Culture
Activities and Excursions
Car Hire
Search for:
Privacy & Terms
Privacy Policy
lanzarotegayguide.com uses cookies to enhance the user experience. By continuing to access this website you consent to the use of cookies.
Cookies may be stored when you log-in to the website, to store personal settings.
Your personal information is not made available to other companies or entities.
Where you visit a partner website, a partner may store cookies as per their privacy policy.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on any prior visits to this website.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your visits to sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Terms & Conditions of using this website
By accessing and using lanzarotegayguide.com (“This Website”) or any sites associated directly with this site, you must abide by certain terms and conditions. Our terns of use are set out to help everyone to enjoy This Website in a helpful and friendly manner.
1. By using This Website you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which take effect immediately on your first use of This Website. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms of use, please do not use This Website.
2. We may make changes to these terms periodically. Please review them regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made.
3. This Website reserves the rights to all Intellectual Property contained herein. Without prior permission, in writing, provided by the site administrator, you may not reproduce, republish, transmit, broadcast or otherwise make commercial use of the content of This Website. Permission is usually granted to reproduce content free-of-charge for non-profit use, provided permission is sought.
4. You may only use This Website in a lawful way that does not restrict or otherwise infringe the rights of the site administrator or other users or members as applicable. Unacceptable behaviour includes, but is not limited to harassing or causing distress to any person, and transmitting any offensive or obscene material.
5. All content on This Website is provided “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE”. We do not make any warranty nor representations including implied warranties of fitness for purpose, compatibility, security or accuracy.
6. Should you submit content to This Website, whether solicited or not, you agree to grant This Website a non-exclusive, royalty free perpetual license to use, modify, reproduce, adapt or publish your content.
7. This Website does not guarantee that this site will not be interrupted or be error-free. Defects will be rectified at the earliest opportunity where deemed suitable or necessary by the site administrators. No guarantee is given that This Website or it’s server which provides the service will be free from viruses or bugs, though security is taken very seriously and multiple spam, virus and intrusion detection systems are employed.
8. Where a link to a website not related to This Website is published, it is done so without warranty. This Website is not accountable for the content of external websites.
9. This Website shall not be held liable for any loss as a result of using it. Please use the site in a respectable and community minded manner. This Website reserves the right to refuse access to persons where deemed necessary.
10. We may from time to time save cookies on your local computer. These are stored to help us to understand how you use the site, for us to further develop it. No personal data is collected, and only statistics are stored. For further information please refer to the Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use updated 7th August 2012.
Booking.com
Lanzarote Gay Guide on TwitterMy TweetsIf you would like to suggest an addition or alteration, make a suggestion, write an article, send a photograph or just say hello please do using this form.
Home
FAQ & About Us
Privacy & Terms
Contact Lanzarote Gay Guide
Cookie policy (UK)
Cookie policy (EU)
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Envo Magazine
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Accept