http://www.westernseminary.edu/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Western SeminaryPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
When visiting our site, your computer provides non-personally identifiable information such as your IP address, browser, operating system, and device. We collect this data for the purpose of improving the site.
Otherwise, we only collect the information that you provide to us through the use of forms. These forms have been developed with security in mind and the information provided is sent strictly to our servers and staff. Examples of information may include your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or social security number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and is accessed only by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be kept on file for no more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors, and to serve contextualized, relevant Western Seminary advertisements or messaging to previous website visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all student users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into the Student Information System (SIS).
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 1/26/2015.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
5511 SE Hawthorne BlvdPortland, OR 97215USAThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.