http://www.kelvinpartick.co.uk/privacy.html
1207
HOME PAGE
HISTORY
MASTERS ROLL
Lodge Kelvin Partick No. 1207
privacy, terms and condition policy
“This and the following pages contain information about Lodge Kelvin Partick No. 1207 ( hereinafter referred
to as the ‘Lodge’) copyright and links to external Websites. They also contain an important
liability disclaimer.
Copyright
The information contained on this Website is the copyright © property of the Lodge (unless
stated otherwise) and is protected by international copyright laws.
The Lodge Website is provided for personal, private and non-commercial use only. No user or
recipient has any right to modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce,
publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, exchange or sell any information,
material, software, images, graphics or source code obtained from the Lodge Website.
No part of the Lodge Website may be reproduced in any form whether electronically or
otherwise (other than temporarily in the course of using the Website) without the express
prior written consent of the Lodge.
Links to External Web Sites
The Lodge has included, or may include, links to third party Internet Web sites controlled and
maintained by others. When accessing these links the user leaves the Lodge Website. These
links are included solely for the convenience of users and their presence does not constitute
any endorsement by the Lodge of the Websites linked or referred to nor does the Lodge have
any control over, or responsibility for, the content of any such Websites.
Liability Disclaimer
The Lodge Website is produced and made available in absolute good faith. For the avoidance
of any doubt, neither the Lodge nor any of its Trustees, Office-bearers or members give or
make any representations or warranties of any kind, whether express, actual or implied, in
relation to all or any part of the Lodge Website or any contents thereof or any Website or
Websites to which the Lodge Website is linked. All warranties and representations of every
kind and howsoever arising are hereby absolutely and expressly excluded to the fullest extent
permitted by law.
Liability for material reproduced on the Lodge Website remains with the author(s) and/or
originator(s) of the material concerned and not with the Lodge. Responsibility for errors
and/or omissions in all material remains with the author(s) and/or originator(s) and not the
Lodge.
The content of the Lodge Website does not constitute the dispensation or giving of any kind
of advice, recommendations or guidance by or on behalf of the Lodge and must not be relied
upon in making, or refraining from making, any decision.
There is no guarantee that the Website will be free of infection whether by viruses or from
any other cause or source which may be harmful or destructive. All parties use the Lodge
Website entirely at their own risk and without recourse to the Lodge, its Office-bearers,
Trustees and members or any of them.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Lodge and, separately, its Trustees, Office-bearers
and members, all jointly and severally, hereby disclaim all liability (howsoever arising) in
connection with any loss or damage, arising out of or in connection with any use of, or
inability to use, all or any part of the Lodge Website or any site to which the Lodge Website
is linked or any action taken (or not taken) as a result of access to the use of any of these.
Editorial Control
The Lodge can exercise editorial control only over material commissioned and/or produced
by it. The Lodge cannot, under any circumstances, change, add to, or subtract from, any
material previously produced by others, that is prior to reproduction by the Lodge. Errors and
omissions in such previously reproduced material are the responsibility of the original author
or commissioning body and not the Lodge. Errors and omissions in material reproduced on
the Lodge Website which do not occur in the original material should be brought to the
attention of the Web Master. If correction is required, the full text of the original material,
author, source, dates and place(s) of primary publication must be submitted to the Lodge
which will then make appropriate adjustments and corrections having regard to the
submission.
Lodge Kelvin Partick No. 1207
All references in the Lodge Website and in these pages to “the Lodge” include references to
all of the members of the Lodge and the Lodge Trustees and Office-bearers, all jointly and
severally. Lodge Kelvin Partick No. 1207 is a Daughter Lodge of The Grand Lodge of Scotland
and that Grand Lodge is the ultimate authority on all matters relating to Scottish
Freemasonry.”
Privacy Policy
Lodge Kelvin Partick No. 1207 (herein after referred to as the ‘Lodge’) recognises the importance of
protecting the privacy of the visitors to the Lodge Website. Any personal data collected
through the Lodge Website will be regarded and treated as confidential and in accordance
with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. However, the collection of such data is
unintentional as the Lodge has not designed or consciously put in place any system designed
to collect personal information.
Disclaimer
The Lodge intends that the information published on the Lodge Website is up to date and
accurate. However, the information on the Website does not constitute legal or professional
advice, guidance or recommendation and the Lodge, its Office-bearers, Trustees and
members, and each of them, will not accept any liability for actions arising from its use nor
will they be held responsible for the contents of any Website or other source referenced by
any external link.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Websites write to a hard drive when a user visits that
Website. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information a user personally
supplies. A cookie cannot read data from a user’s hard disk or read cookie files created by
other Websites. Cookies, however, enhance a Website’s performance in a number of ways
including providing a secure way for to identity verification during a visit to a Website and
personalising the user’s experience with the Lodge Website while making it more convenient
for the user.
The Lodge may therefore use cookie technology to track or record information about visitors
to the Lodge Website. These cookies are “session specific” and are not used to record
personal information or to associate personal information with the use of the Lodge services.
Privacy and security are not compromised if and when the user accepts a cookie from the
Lodge Website. Users can refuse cookies by turning them off on their web browsers (see
under “Tools” and then “Internet Options”) and users do not need to have cookies turned on
to successfully use the Website.
Questions or Suggestions
If ANYONE has any questions or suggestions regarding this policy or considers the Lodge is
not properly adhering to it then the Lodge invites information and contents to be sent to the
Lodge through the undernoted contact :-
george@kelvinpartick.co.uk
1207
MAP
SYLLABUS
MESSAGE
BOARD
privacy policy