http://www.safecall.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Safecall Limited registration number 03769031, whose registered office is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2V 7EX, its affiliates and subsidiaries (the “Group”, “our”, “us” and "we") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms and conditions, as well as any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
This privacy policy relates to the use of our website. If you are using the whistleblowing service please see our separate whistleblowing privacy policy.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation, the data controller is Safecall Limited.
Personal Data Definition
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that individual can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymised data).
There are “special categories” of more sensitive personal data which require a higher level of protection.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect, keep a record of and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site (“our site”). This includes information provided when you complete our on-line and enquiry forms.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
We use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, and Leadfeeder to learn about our website visitors, and possibly target future advertising. All data is anonymised and we do not match it to usernames, email addresses or other personally identifying information. Visitors can opt-out of Analytics tracking by updating their preferences in Cookie Control, located at the bottom left of any page.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Legal basis for processing personal information
The legal basis for collecting and processing your data is our legitimate interest in operating our site, providing you with access to the pages you wish to access, understanding the interests of visitors to our site, who may be customers or potential customers and providing you with relevant information about our services.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your data to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we may contact you about these by post, telephone, or email.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
If you want us to use your data in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your information.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it or them about its or their customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Group, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
Data protection laws grant you, as a Data Subject, certain ‘information rights’, which are summarised below:
Right of access - You have the right to obtain a copy of information we hold about you.
Right of rectification or erasure - If you feel that any data that we hold about you is inaccurate; you have the right to ask us to correct or rectify it. You also have a right to ask us to erase information about you where you can demonstrate that the data, we hold is no longer needed by us, or if you withdraw the consent upon which our processing is based, or if you feel that we are unlawfully processing your data. Please note that we may be entitled to retain your personal data despite your request, for example if we are under a separate legal obligation to retain it. Your right of rectification and erasure extends to anyone we have disclosed your personal information to and we will take all reasonable steps to inform those with whom we have shared their data about your request for erasure.
Right to restriction of processing - You have a right to request that we refrain from processing your data where you contest its accuracy, or the processing is unlawful and you have opposed its erasure, or where we do not need to hold your data any longer but you need us to in order to establish, exercise or defend any legal claims, or we are in dispute about the legality of our processing your personal data.
Right to Portability - You have a right to receive any personal data that you have provided to us in order to transfer it onto another data controller where the processing is based on consent and is carried out by automated means. This is called a data portability request.
Right to Object - You have a right to object to our processing your personal data where the basis of the processing is legitimate interest including but not limited to direct marketing.
Right to Withdraw Consent - You have the right to withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal data where the processing is based on consent.
Right of Complaint - You also have the right to lodge a complaint about any aspect of how we are handling your data with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, which can be contacted at www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
Marketing Communications - To stop receiving marketing (such as email, postal or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact us details below.
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us using the details in the ‘Contact’ section below.
In your request please make clear what data you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your data suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information. For your protection, we may only implement requests in respect of the data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and our records, which will not be removed.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Officer, at www.ico.org.uk/concerns/.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Security and Retention
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we have in place appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure or alteration.
We will retain your data for as long as is permitted in light of the purposes for which it was collected. Where we no longer require your data for the purposes for which it was obtained, we will retain it for a period of time which reasonably allows us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or if retention is advisable in light of our legal position. Aggregated or anonymised data may be retained for longer.
Cross Border Transfer
We will only send your data outside of the EEA to:
Support and deliver the services outlined above.
Comply with a legal duty.
If we do transfer information outside of the EEA, we will make sure that it is protected in the same way as if it was being used in the EEA. We will use one of these safeguards:
Transfer it to a non-EEA country with privacy laws that give the same protection as the EEA. You can find out more on the European Commission Justice website: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm
Put in place a contract with the recipient that means they must protect it to the same standards as the EEA. You can find out more about this on the European Commission Justice website: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Safecall Limited, Suite 22-29 Innovator House, Wearfield, Sunderland Enterprise Park, Sunderland SR5 2TP or emailed to cosec@lawdeb.com.
Cookies
For more information about how we use cookies see our cookie notice.
Loading...