https://www.firstinspires.org/about/legal-notices
Skip to main content
Legal Notices
FIRST Terms and Conditions (updated June 2020)
FIRST Privacy Policy and User Agreement
At FIRST, we take privacy and security of personal information very seriously. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for FIRST, its web site www.firstinspires.org, and various related services.
Participants and parents, and other persons entering any FIRST online system or database understand and agree to the terms in the FIRST Privacy Policy and User Agreement.
Notice of Non-discrimination
For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology (FIRST®) does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, genetic information, disability, age, religion/creed, and military/veteran status in its programs and activities.
The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies:
Lee Doucette
Youth Protection Program Manager
200 Bedford Street
Manchester, NH 03101
603-666-3906, Ext. 250
ldoucette@firstinspires.org
Intellectual Property (IP) Policy
Policy on the Use of FIRST Trademarks and Copyrighted Materials (including FIRST and The LEGO Group Intellectual Property)
FIRST Link Disclaimer
This website includes links to other sites operated by third parties. We have not reviewed the information on other sites and are not responsible for any of the content on these sites. The inclusion of these links in no way indicates their endorsement, support, or approval of the contents of this site. By clicking on any of these links, you agree that FIRST is not responsible for the content provided on the destination site.
We are not responsible for the actions, content, accuracy, opinions expressed, privacy policies, products, or services, or for any damages or losses, directly or indirectly, caused or alleged to have been caused as a result of your use or reliance on such information. We have the right to edit, remove, or deny access to content that is determined to be, in our sole discretion, unacceptable.
Cultural Sensitivity Statement
FIRST is a non-denominational, non-partisan public charity that welcomes all cultures and religions to participate in our programs and activities. We are guided by sensitivity and respect for others, embracing a common goal of inspiring, engaging, and encouraging youth of all backgrounds to be part of the FIRST community and embrace the wonders of science and technology.
Trademarks
All FIRST and joint FIRST and LEGO trademarks are reflected in the Intellectual Property (IP) Policy on the Use of FIRST Trademarks and Copyrighted Materials
LabView and CompactRIO are trademarks of NI and are used here with permission.
Tennessee Valley Authority Team Grants
This program is supported by assistance from the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA), a federal agency. Under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and applicable TVA regulations at 18 C.F.R. pts. 1302, 1307, 1309 and 1317, no person shall, on the grounds of race, color, national origin, age, sex, or disability, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or otherwise be subjected to discrimination under this program. In addition, no qualified person with a disability shall, on the basis of a disability, be subjected to discrimination in employment (including hiring) under the program. If you feel you have been subjected to discrimination as described above, you, personally or by a representative, have the right to file a written complaint with TVA not later than 180 days (for race, color, national origin, or sex) or 90 days (for age or disability) from the date of the alleged discrimination. The complaint should be sent to Tennessee Valley Authority, Federal Assistance Programs, 1101 Market Street, LP 4W-C, Chattanooga, Tennessee 37402-2801. A copy of the applicable TVA regulations may be obtained on request by writing TVA at the address given above.
Gift Acceptance Policy
Use of Our Training Materials, Forums, Blogs, and various Social Media
FIRST may offer online training materials.  The training materials may contain original and copyright-protected works of FIRST and others. Our Sites also contain forums where training materials are posted and where users may submit their own comments, opinions, and images (“Submissions”).
By making a Submission to or through one of our Sites, training materials, related forums, blogs, or FIRST World Tube, you grant FIRST an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, blog, publicly perform, transmit and distribute such Submission (except to the extent it contains personal data), alone or as part of other works, in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed.
You warrant and represent that you shall not transmit, post or upload any Submission that is, in whole or in part, libelous, scandalous, inflammatory, discriminatory, defamatory, false, threatening, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, profane, abusive, harassing, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful or bashing, aimed at gender, race, color, sexual orientation, national origin, religious views or disability, or otherwise unlawful, or that violates or infringes on the privacy, publicity, intellectual property, proprietary, or contractual rights of any person or entity.  By posting pictures of others, you warrant and represent that you have those persons’ (or if the person is under the age of majority, the person’s parent or guardian’s) consent.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless FIRST, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and sponsors from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of, or resulting from, your use of our Sites or the services made available on or through our Sites, and/or your breach of this Privacy Policy.
FIRST does not warrant or represent the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any content, information or material contained in any Submission.  Your reliance on any Submission shall be at your own risk.
Users of our training materials, Sites and related forums agree at all times to abide by legal protections and a professional honor system.   Users agree that in downloading, using or referring to the contents of any document included in the training materials, Sites or related forums (whether in writing or verbally), they will give full attribution to the author.