http://www.opusa.org/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Who We Are
About Operation USA
Our Mission
Staff
Board of Directors
Partners
Financials & Annual Reports
History
Videos
What We Do
Latest News
Material Aid and Shipping
Where We’ve Worked
How to Help
Donate Money
Send a Check
Become A Monthly Donor
Text to Donate
Donate Air Miles
Corporate Partnerships
Material Aid / Product Donations
Donate Stocks, Bonds or Real Estate
Shop Our Store
Contact
Contact Us
Join Our Community
Donate
Privacy PolicySince our founding in 1979, Operation USA has remained committed to protecting the privacy rights of all our donors, including visitors to our website. The following outlines Operation USA’s collection, protection, and use of data received from donors and visitors to this website. Our goal is to extend trust and respect to you.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION & HOW THAT INFORMATION IS USED
When you are on the Operation USA website or donating by telephone or mail and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Operation USA alone. Operation USA may collect information from donors and those interested in our work including: name, address, credit card and other information volunteered by you such as email address and telephone. We may also monitor and track information such as visitor usage patterns of our website using standard tracking software. We NEVER share or sell donor information.
Operation USA uses information we collect about you to be able to send you communications such as e-newsletter, various printed publications or email appeals, and to help administer and improve our website. Please note that we use our website for internal purposes only.
ONLINE DONATIONS
You can rest assured that your donations are safe and protected as OpUSA uses industry-standard encryption to protect the confidentiality of all donor information. All donations are processed through the third party secure processor, Classy.org.
If you donate online, your information will NEVER be shared with a third party.
To keep you updated on how your donations are being used, we will contact you from time to time via email updates and direct mail, which you can opt out of at any time simply by calling us at 323-413-2353 or, by emailing us at info@opusa.org. We NEVER solicit by phone.
EMAIL UPDATES
Email updates provide an opportunity for us to report to donors on the progress of our work in a quick and efficient manner. It is extremely important to us that donors feel connected to the work we do and confident that we are fulfilling the mission they support.
To receive these updates you must provide Operation USA with your email address. This information is held in complete confidence. We will NEVER sell, rent or trade this information to a third party. You will be given the option to remove your name from our email list at the bottom of each update.
DONATIONS BY MAIL
We will NEVER share your name with any other organization, individual or company. We do send out direct mail pieces, newsletters, annual reports and donor acknowledgement letters periodically but you may choose to be removed from our mailing list at anytime simply by calling 323-413-2353 or, by emailing us at info@opusa.org and asking to be removed.