https://www.recycle-more.co.uk/disclaimer---privacy-policy
RecyclingSteelBatteriesElectronicsPlasticFoodPaperPaper CupsAluminiumGlassLightbulbsHouseholdWhat Can I RecycleSymbols on PackagingRecycling FactsSchoolWhat is Rubbish?Why Recycle?What Can I Do?Environmental Projects IdeasActivities for SchoolsPrimary ActivitiesSecondary ActivitiesBusinessEnvironmental LegislationEnvironmental Accreditations and StandardsNational Battery Collection SchemeNational Cup Recycling SchemeOffice RecyclingWaste ManagementSustainabilityIndustry Eventsrecycle-more Logo requestBlog
login
Disclaimer
ATTENTION: THIS LEGAL NOTICE APPLIES TO THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE  UNDER THE DOMAIN NAME WWW.RECYCLE-MORE.CO.UK ("WEBSITE") AND TO ANY CORRESPONDENCE  BY E-MAIL BETWEEN US AND YOU. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING  THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS REGARDLESS  OF WHETHER OR NOT YOU CHOOSE TO REGISTER WITH US. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE  TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. THIS NOTICE IS ISSUED BY VALPAK LIMITED ("THE  COMPANY").
1. Introduction 1.1 You will be able to access most areas of this Website without registering  your details with us. Certain areas of this Website are only open to you if  you register. 1.2 By accessing any part of this Website, you shall be deemed to have accepted  this legal notice in full. If you do not accept this legal notice in full, you  must leave this Website immediately. 1.3 The Company may revise this legal notice at any time by updating this posting.  You should check this Website from time to time to review the then current legal  notice, because it is binding on you. Certain provisions of this legal notice  may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on  particular pages at this Website. 2. Licence 2.1 You are permitted to print and download extracts from this Website on the  following basis: (a) no documents or related graphics on this Website are modified in any way; (b) no graphics on this Website are used separately from accompanying text;  and(c) the Company's copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all  copies. 2.2 Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights  in all material on this Website (including without limitation photographs and  graphical images) are owned by the Company or its licensors. For the purposes  of this legal notice, any use of extracts from this Website other than in accordance  with paragraph 2.1 above for any purpose is prohibited. If you breach any of  the terms in this legal notice, your permission to use this Website automatically  terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts  from this Website. 2.3 Subject to paragraph 2.1, no part of this Website may be reproduced or stored  in any other website or included in any public or private electronic retrieval  system or service without the Company's prior written permission. 2.4 Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved. 3. Service access 3.1 While the Company endeavours to ensure that this Website is normally available  24 hours a day, the Company will not be liable if for any reason this Website  is unavailable at any time or for any period. 3.2 Access to this Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in  the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the  Company's control. 4. Visitor material and conduct 4.1 Other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the  Privacy Policy, any material you transmit or post to this Website will be considered  non-confidential and non-proprietary. The Company will have no obligations with  respect to such material. The Company and its designees will be free to copy,  disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material and all data,  images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial  or non-commercial purposes. 4.2 You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Website  any material: (a) that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious,  offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory,  menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in  breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience;(b) for which you have not obtained all necessary licences  and/or approvals;(c) which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered  a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to  the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in the UK or any other  country in the world; or (d) which is technically harmful (including, without limitation,  computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted  data or other malicious software or harmful data). 4.3 You may not misuse the Website (including, without limitation, by hacking). 4.4 The Company will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or  court order requesting or directing the Company to disclose the identity or  locate anyone posting any material in breach of paragraphs 4.2 or 4.3. Links to and from other websites 5.1 Links to third party websites on this Website are provided solely for your  convenience. If you use these links, you leave this Website. The Company has  not reviewed all of these third party websites and does not control and is not  responsible for these websites or their content. The Company therefore does  not endorse or make any representations about them, or any material found there,  or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access  any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at  your own risk. 5.2 If you would like to link to this Website, you may only do so on the basis  that you link to, but do not replicate, the home page of this Website, and subject  to the following conditions: (a) you do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of  the recycle-more logo;(b) you do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around  this Website;(c) you do not in any way imply that the Company is endorsing any products or  services other than its own; (d) you do not misrepresent your relationship with the Company nor present any  other false information about the Company;(e) you do not otherwise use any recycle-more trade marks displayed on this  Website without express written permission from the Company;(f) you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and (g) your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or  controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of  any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 5.3 The Company expressly reserves the right to revoke the right granted in  paragraph 5.2 for breach of these terms and to take any action it deems appropriate. 5.4 You shall fully indemnify the Company for any loss or damage suffered by  the Company or any of its group companies for breach of paragraph 5.2. Registration 6.1 Each registration is for a single user only. The Company does not permit  you to share your user name and password with any other person nor with multiple  users on a network. 6.2 Responsibility for the security of any passwords issued rests with you. Disclaimer 7.1 While the Company endeavours to ensure that the information on this Website  is correct, the Company does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the  material on this Website. The Company may make changes to the material on this  Website, or to the products and prices described in it, at any time without  notice. The material on this Website may be out of date, and the Company makes  no commitment to update such material. 7.2 The material at this Website is provided 'as is' without any conditions,  warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted  by law, the Company provides you with this Website on the basis that the Company  excludes all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms (including,  without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness  for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill) which but for this legal  notice might have effect in relation to this Website. Liability 8.1 The Company, any other party (whether or not involved in creating, producing,  maintaining or delivering this Website), and any of the Company's group companies  and the officers, directors, employees, members or agents of any of them, exclude  all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that  may result to you or a third party (including without limitation, any direct,  indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income,  profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising  from or connected in any way to business interruption, and whether in tort (including  without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise) in connection with this  Website in any way or in connection with the use, inability to use or the results  of use of this Website, any websites linked to this Website or the material  on such websites, including but not limited to loss or damage due to viruses  that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on  account of your access to, use of, or browsing this Website or your downloading  of any material from this Website or any websites linked to this Website. 8.2 Nothing in this legal notice shall exclude or limit the Company's liability  for (i) death or personal injury caused by negligence; (ii) fraud; (iii) misrepresentation  as to a fundamental matter; or (iv) any liability which cannot be excluded or  limited under applicable law. 8.3 If your use of material on this Website results in the need for servicing,  repair or correction of equipment, software or data, you assume all costs thereof. Governing law and jurisdiction This legal notice shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English  law. Disputes arising in connection with this legal notice shall be subject  to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Connect
Recycling
Where to recycle
What to recycle
Zones
Household
Schools
Business
More Info
About UsContact us
Glossary
Disclaimer & privacy policy
Sitemap
Local Authority Login
© Copyright Recycle More.
Powered by webboutiques-corp.co.uk