http://www.mesohotline.com/privacy
Meso Hotline
Sponsored by Hissey-Kientz - Committed to protecting your legal rights.
Call us Toll Free at 8-555-HELPYOU for a FREE Consultation
Free Mesothelioma Help Packet
Click here to receive your free mesothelioma packet, including information on treatments, victims resources, how to obtain legal assistance, and free asbestos testing. Click here for more information »
Help and information for your asbestos case.
Home
What is Asbestos?
What is Asbestos?
Asbestos Jobsites
Asbestos Diseases
Types of Asbestos
About Meso
About Mesothelioma
Types of Mesothelioma
Mesothelioma Symptoms
Diagnosis and Treatments
Meso Lawsuits
Mesothelioma Lawsuits
Mesothelioma Lawyers
News
Contact Us
A Mesothelioma Lawyer Can Help
About Our Law Firm
Welcome
Privacy Statement
Our privacy policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us, and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site.
Information we collect
When you visit mesohotline.com, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our site.
Personal information you choose to provide
If you choose to correspond with us through the form we provide on this site, we may retain the content of your message together with your e-mail address and our responses.
Website use information
Mesohotline.com keeps a log of visitors to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through webserver logs includes the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the Web site visited just before and just after ours. Our logs do not collect any personally identifiable information such as your name or e-mail address.
How we use the information you provide us
If you choose to contact us, we use the personal information you provide to establish contact with you to discuss your case. At no time will we contact you without your prior permission.
Sharing information with third parties
We will never share your information with any third party without your express consent.
En Español
Contact Us Today for a Free Consultation.
* Name:
* Email address:
Phone number:
Have you been diagnosed with any of the following conditions:MesotheliomaAsbestosisLung cancerSilicosis
Briefly tell us about your situation:
Please enter the characters as you see them in the image:
Submit
*Required fields
Hissey-Kientz LLP - Attorneys at Law - Call Toll Free 5-888-HELPYOU
Site Map |
Privacy Statement |
Disclaimer |
Resources
Hissey Mulderig & Friend PLLC © 2009-2020 - All Rights Reserved
Mesothelioma Asbestos Law Firm
Contact Hissey Mulderig & Friend PLLC - Austin, TX
The attorneys at Hissey Mulderig & Friend PLLC represent victims from Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
Address: 9442 North Capital of Texas Hwy   Suite 400   Austin TX 78759   Phone: (512) 320-9100
© 2020 All Rights Reserved. Hissey-Keintz, LLP. Toll Free: 8-555-HELPYOU | Telephone (512)0320-9100 | www.hkllp.com