http://www.geneethics.org/docs/privacy
Campaigns
Act Now
Resources
Media
Home
About
Contact Us
Documentation Privacy Policy
This statement sets out the Gene Ethics Ltd. (ABN 67 104 140 918) ("Gene Ethics") policies relating to the collection and use of your personal information on the Gene Ethics website ("website").
These policies are in addition to Gene Ethics's general Terms of Use governing the website.
1. Your personal information
Gene Ethics recognises that your privacy is extremely important to you and that it is your right to control and keep your personal information private.
Gene Ethics understands that you provide your personal information in confidence and it takes this very seriously.
Gene Ethics is committed to protecting your personal information.
2. Collecting information on Gene Ethics visitors
Whenever you visit Gene Ethics, Gene Ethics servers automatically record general information about your usage of the service including which pages you visit, when you visit, how often and for how long. This data is always used as aggregated, non-personal information and is intended solely to help Gene Ethics improve and enhance its services to you. This general information collecting is done for the purpose of providing the best online service possible.
3. Cookies
Gene Ethics utilises cookies to assist in providing you with a better user experience.
Refusing cookies may prevent access to some areas of the website and limit your use of some of the Gene Ethics services.
4. Collecting information on Gene Ethics Registered Members
Gene Ethics will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent, or access your communications on our websites, unless:Required by law.We believe it necessary to provide you with a service which you have requested.To implement our terms of use.To protect the rights or property of Gene Ethics, any Gene Ethics user, or any member of the public.To lessen a serious threat to a person's health or safety.
5. Email communications from Gene Ethics
Gene Ethics can also provide you with our campaigns by email through electronic newsletters.
This service is only for users who opt-into such services.
Registered users can also at any time and easily un-register from this service.
6. Storage & Security of Personal Information
Every effort is made to ensure the security of the Gene Ethics system. In addition, Gene Ethics employees and the contractors who provide services related to Gene Ethics's information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Gene Ethics.
However, Gene Ethics will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access of your personal information.
You can also play an important role in keeping your personal information secure, by maintaining the confidentiality of any access code, password and account used on the Gene Ethics website.
If there is any unauthorised use of your account by any other Internet user or any other breach of security then please use the Contact Us form to notify us immediately.
7. Feedback
Gene Ethics welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects relating to the service. To contact us in this regard, please use the Contact Us form. Gene Ethics stores feedback that users send to it and will use this to administer and refine the service.
8. Privacy & Website Changes
From time to time, Gene Ethics policies will be reviewed and may be revised. Gene Ethics reserves the right to change its privacy statement at any time and notify you by posting a revised version on the website.
9. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with Gene Ethics, you can contact us by phone +61 03 9804 5660 or by using the Contact Us form.
10.	Further Information About Privacy
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's website.
Act Now Register of GM-Free Farms, Businesses and Councils
This interactive register is a public service, to help you find GM-free products and services. Donate
Gene Ethics is a not-for-profit organisation. We rely on your support. Sign Up!
Receive regular e-newsletters GM-Free Signs
Order GM-Free sign for your local area!
Join us on Facebook
Privacy Policy  |
Terms of Use  |
Accessibility Statement
© 2007 - 2020 Gene Ethics All Rights Reserved.
| website design by bang on IT