https://www.boselaw.com/terms-use/
Terms of Use
February 25, 2014
Thank you for visiting the Bose McKinney & Evans LLP website (referred to herein as the “Site”).  The Site is operated by or for Bose McKinney & Evans LLP (“BME,” “we,” “our,” or “us”).  Use of the Site and its services is offered to you only if you accept these Terms of Use.  Please read the following Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy carefully, and print and save this document, and any linked documents, for future reference. By accessing or using the Site, you indicate that you have read and understand this document and our Privacy Policy.
BME may modify these Terms of Use from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting on the Site by BME. Please review the posted Terms of Use regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
General Use:  Our Site exists for informational purposes only and none of our Site’s contents should be construed as legal advice.  You should not and are not authorized to rely on the Site for legal advice.  Your receipt or transmission of information does not create an attorney-client relationship and can not substitute for obtaining legal counsel from an attorney admitted to practice law in your state.  If you choose to contact anyone at BME, do not disclose information you consider to be confidential.  An attorney will need to verify that we do not represent other persons or entities involved in the matter and that we are willing to accept representation before confidential information is exchanged.  Unless otherwise agreed in advance, all unsolicited inquiries or information received by BME will not be regarded as confidential, and you agree that receipt and review of such information by us (even if the information is regarded as confidential by you) will not preclude any lawyer in our firm from representing any other person in any matter, even if the information you provide is relevant and could be used against you.  Despite our attempts to keep information on the Site current, the contents may not reflect the most recent legal changes.  You should consult with an attorney licensed to practice law in your state before acting on any information on our Site.
You agree not to use the Site for any unlawful or prohibited purpose, including but not limited to:
accessing or attempting to access the Site or information related to the Site by means other than through the interfaces explicitly provided by BME;
violating the legal rights (including intellectual property rights and privacy rights) of BME or others;
impersonating or misrepresenting in any way an affiliation with a person or entity; and
misrepresenting that any content transmitted by you is endorsed or approved by BME.
Any unauthorized use of the Site is strictly prohibited.  Appropriate legal action may be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Site.  If you become aware of misuse of the Site by any person, please contact us directly at webmaster@boselaw.com.
License to Use:  For the limited purpose of your lawful and authorized use of the Site, BME grants you a limited, revocable, personal and non-transferable license to use the Site for private viewing and in accordance with these Terms of Use, and for no other purpose.  You must keep intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. Reproduction or redistribution of material protected by intellectual property laws is expressly prohibited, and may result in civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible. Without limiting the foregoing, copying or reproduction of BME’s proprietary material is expressly prohibited.
Intellectual Property:  All Site design, text, graphics, logos, icons, the selection and arrangement of these elements, and all software and content posted on the Site are the property of BME or its licensors or suppliers, and are protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws, including, but not limited to, copyright, patent and trademark laws.
You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to BME or any other person or entity without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.  It is the policy of BME to terminate access to any user of the Site who repeatedly infringes the intellectual property rights of others, upon receipt of proper notification to BME by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent.
If you believe that your proprietary work has been copied and/or posted on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact our copyright agent at webmaster@boselaw.com or Bose McKinney & Evans LLP, Attn: Chief Marketing Officer, 111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204, with the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Links:  Our Site may contain links to external web sites.  BME is not responsible for the contents of any third party sites, or the links within them.  You are solely responsible for abiding by the terms of use of any third party site. We are not responsible for transmissions you receive from third party websites or for their failure to work properly.
Information You Provide:  You represent and warrant that any information you provide to the Site is accurate and truthful and that you will update such information as necessary to maintain its accuracy and truthfulness.  You are solely responsible for any and all information you provide via the Site.  You further represent and warrant that any information you provide does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, contract rights or any other rights of any third party.
No Warranties:  INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED AS-IS AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  THIS MEANS, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THAT BME DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE IS FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; THAT THE CONTENT OF THE SITE IS NON-INFRINGING; THAT THE SERVICES AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR THAT THE INFORMATION AND CONTENT OF THE SITE ARE ACCURATE, ERROR-FREE, SECURE OR RELIABLE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties.  Therefore, some of the above disclaimers may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability: YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BME IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR FROM YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE.
Indemnification:  You hereby agree to indemnify and hold BME, its affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, damages, claim or demand (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Site in violation of these Terms of Use and/or arising from a breach of these Terms of Use and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.
General:  Your access to this Site is governed by all applicable federal, state and local laws, including but not limited to the laws of obscenity, the right of privacy, fraud, and intellectual property.  These Terms of Use and our relationship are governed by the laws of the State of Indiana, U.S.A. You hereby irrevocably consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts in the State of Indiana, in all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use and/or the use of the Site. Use is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to these Terms of Use, including this paragraph.  No joint venture, employment, or other legal relationship exists between you and BME as a result of these Terms or Use or your use of the Site.  If any of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable, then it will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the original intent, and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. The failure of BME to enforce any rights granted hereunder or to take action against you in the event of any breach hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver by BME as to subsequent enforcement of rights or subsequent actions in the event of future breaches.  A printed version of these Terms of Use and any notices given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents originally in printed form.
Please contact us at webmaster@boselaw.com with any questions regarding these Terms of Use.
DISCLAIMER
Before sending a communication to your intended recipient, you must first understand the implications of contacting Bose McKinney & Evans LLP and agree to the following terms. Bose McKinney & Evans' site exists for informational purposes only and none of its contents should be construed or used as legal advice on any specific facts or circumstances. Your receipt or transmission of information does not create an attorney-client relationship and cannot substitute for obtaining legal counsel from an attorney admitted to practice law in your state. If you choose to contact an attorney or professional at Bose McKinney & Evans through any form of communication, do not disclose information you regard to be confidential until an attorney verifies that Bose McKinney & Evans does not represent other persons or entities involved in the matter and that the firm is willing to consider representation. Unless otherwise agreed in advance in writing, all unsolicited inquiries or information received by Bose McKinney & Evans will not be regarded as confidential.
Accept
Decline