https://www.sicsa.org/privacy-policy/
MenuWho We Are
Mission
Contact
Results, Stats, and News
Leadership
News
Employment
Our Blog
Give and Let Live
SICSA Collage Project
Adopt
Adoptable Dogs
Adoptable Cats
Satellite Cat Program
No Pet Left Behind
Adoption Process
Adoption FAQs
Post Adoption Support
Coronavirus and Pets
Contribute
Capital Campaign
SICSA Collage Project
Our Sponsors
Donate
Membership
Free Ways to Help
All Ways to Contribute
Wish List
Pet Services
Surrendering An Animal
Spay & Neuter
Veterinary Care Assistance
Wellness Clinic
TNR
Help Center
Lost and Found Pets
Community Cats
Critter Contractors
Behavior and Training
Get Involved
Events
Volunteer
Volunteer Training
Paws and Tails University
Paw Partner Foster Overnight
Foster Volunteer
Membership
2019 Membership Recognition
Give and Let Live
Online Store
Holiday Gift Guide
SICSA Privacy Policy
The Society for the Improvement of Conditions for Stray Animals (SICSA) is committed to the highest standards of integrity in all of its fundraising ventures, along with the ethical collection, retention and use of information on donors, prospects, volunteers, and clients. To accomplish this, we commit to the following:
SICSA will seek and record only information that is relevant to the programs of the organization.
SICSA will maintain all records in a secure donor file. This file will not be sold, exchanged or given to any other organization.
Any document containing information about SICSA donors will be carefully protected and irrevocably destroyed when no longer needed.
Information on our partners (i.e. our mailing list or donor giving records) is only given to persons who need such information to perform their assigned duties. This includes companies who prepare mailings, append databases, visit donors on our behalf, or any other uses related to the fulfillment of SICSA’s mission.
Any outside vendor or service provider receiving the SICSA mailing list must agree that:
The names and addresses contained in the data file will only be used for the specified project.
The electronic file will not be forwarded electronically to any other person other than for the purpose the agreed-upon project.
No archival paper or electronic copies of the data file will be made before, during or after the execution of the project.
The file containing the names and addresses will be irrevocably destroyed upon completion of the project.
All data or medium that is not irrevocably used in the course of completing the project will be returned in a timely manner.
SICSA tracks our web traffic statistics, including pages visited, what order, and how long users spend on our site. This information is analyzed internally to determine how best to provide information to our site visitors. No personal information is collected.
SICSA operates under the premise that any donor or donor prospect has the right to review his or her donor file maintained by our organization