http://www.cojk.com/legal-and-privacy
Contact
Search
Mobile Menu
About
Mission Statement
Careers
Practice Areas
Services
Copyrights
Due Diligence
Internet Law
Licensing & Agreements
Litigation & Dispute Resolution
Opinions
Patents
Post-Grant Patent Proceedings
Strategic IP Counseling
Trademarks
Trade Secret / Unfair Competition
Industries
Aerospace & Aeronautics
Agriculture & Food Sciences
Alternative Energy & Clean Technology
Chemical & Pharmaceuticals
Computer Networking & Telecom
Consumer Products & Services
Digital Media & Entertainment
Emerging Businesses
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry, Tools & Machinery
Life Sciences & Biotechnology
Materials Science & Nanotechnology
Medical Devices
Plants & Agribiotech
Semiconductors
Software
Universities & Research Institutions
Professionals
News
Contact
Legal & Privacy
HomeLegal & Privacy
Legal & Privacy
This website has been prepared by Christensen O’Connor Johnson Kindness PLLC (“COJK”) to introduce you to our firm and to serve as a resource for information on U.S. and international intellectual property law. This website is not intended to be a source of legal advice. You should not rely on this information and should always seek competent legal advice from an attorney licensed in your jurisdiction. The presentation of information on our website is not an invitation to create an attorney-client relationship, and transmission and receipt of the information does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. While we make every effort to maintain the accuracy of the information contained in the website, the information is not guaranteed to be complete or reflect the most current legal developments.
This Privacy Policy applies to cojk.com ("the website") and informs you what information is collected and used on this website. By visiting or using the website, you consent to the data collection and use practices described in this policy.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
A. Purpose. Users can access most features of this website without disclosing personal information. The contact form allows you to contact us, and requests your personal information to allow COJK to respond to your inquiry.
B. Manually Submitted Information. When you interact with the contact form, you will be asked to submit personal information, including your first name, last name, email address, phone number, and company name.
C. Automatically Collected Information. Information concerning your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected.  This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.  This information is collected in an anonymized format, and does not personally identify you or your computer.
D. Storage and Transfer of Personally Identifiable Information. COJK may store and process in the United States your personal information, or in any other country in which COJK or its affiliates or agents maintain facilities. By using the website, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country if you are not located in the United States.
2. USE OF AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
COJK collects and uses your Manually Submitted Information in order to track and respond to your inquiries submitted through the contact form.  COJK may use your Manually Submitted Information to send you email newsletters, from which you may unsubscribe at any time.  Information concerning your geographical location may be used to determine if COJK should provide regionalized information to you. You may request that COJK delete your Manually Submitted Information by sending an email to marketing@cojk.com.  Except as otherwise stated below, COJK will not share your personal information with any third-parties.
COJK sometimes hires other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as sending newsletters, providing information technology services, and performing statistical analysis of the website. We will only provide those companies with the information that they need to provide us with such services, and we prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose.
COJK reserves the right to disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on COJK; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of COJK; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of COJK, the website, or the public.
COJK collects and uses your Automatically Collected Information to track the pages visited on this website in order to determine which areas of the website are the most popular. This data is used to improve the website.  This data is collected using Google Analytics web beacons and/or cookies as discussed below in Sections 5 and 6.  Other than the sharing with Google in order to implement this functionality, this data is not shared with third parties.
3. INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
We sometimes supplement the information that we receive that has been outlined in this Policy with information from other sources and companies. Such outside information includes search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the web search features; and search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links from Google).
4. INFORMATION SECURITY
COJK secures the Manually Submitted Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
5. USE OF COOKIES
This website may use cookies to assist you with making your online experience more individualized or to implement website analytics as described below in Section 6. A cookie is a text file that is placed on the hard disk of your computer by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.  Cookies may be used for convenience and to save you time when you next visit the website, or for providing analytics functionality.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page, so that when you visit the site again, the experience will be personalized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience interactive features of this website or the other websites that you visit and you may experience technical problems receiving current information from such cookie-disabled websites.
6. USE OF WEB BEACONS
The website pages may contain electronic images or executable code known as web beacons that permit COJK to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Web beacons are not used to access your personal information; they are solely used to compile aggregated statistics concerning the use of the website. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, the time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.
7. CONTROL OF INFORMATION
With respect to your communications preferences, you can unsubscribe from newsletters, if any, by following the instructions included in the newsletter you receive.
8. CHILDREN
If you are under age 18, you may use this website only through your parent or guardian.
9. CONDITIONS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS
By visiting this website, you accept that your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy issues, please contact us as directed in this Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the website and not to any third-parties that may be accessed through hyper-links on this website.  COJK reserves the right to occasionally update this Privacy Policy. At such time, COJK will also revise the "last updated" date at the end of the Privacy Policy. For material changes to this Policy, COJK will notify you by placing prominent notice on the website. We recommend that you periodically review this Privacy Policy.
10. CONTACT INFORMATION
COJK welcomes feedback regarding this Privacy Policy. If at any time you believe that this website has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem. E-mail should be sent to marketing@cojk.com.
11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code §1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding their disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. COJK does not disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, however, please send an e-mail to marketing@cojk.com or write us at:
COJK Privacy Rights
1201 Third Avenue
Suite 3600
Seattle, WA 98101
Last updated: September 27, 2018
Highly Skilled Professionals
Our Exceptional
Legal Team
View All Professionals
We Protect Your Ideas
Intellectual Property
Services & Industries
View Practice Areas