http://www.mathematica-mpr.com/privacy-policy
Print
Subscribe
Share
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mathematica has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for our site, www.mathematica.org.
Visitors can access most sections of the website without registering or providing any personal information. For visitors who register or otherwise give us personal contact information, we will not provide that information to any other organization or individual without the visitor’s express consent. We might sometimes use visitors’ internet provider (IP) addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, and we use them, as necessary, to administer our website. We sometimes use cookies (an electronic placeholder on visitors’ personal computers) to enable us to send registered visitors information and other content specific to their expressed interests. We also use cookies to save visitors’ preferences to be remembered when they return to our site.
Our registration form asks visitors who register to give us contact information (such as name and email address). The information is used to contact the visitor only as requested, for example, if the visitor has signed up to receive email alerts, attend a seminar, or request copies of our publications or reports.
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the visitor information under our control. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. The server that stores personally identifiable information is in a secure environment.
Our site contains links to other sites. Mathematica is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites.
This site gives visitors the following options for correcting and updating contact information; removing their information from our database; stopping all future, direct communications from us; or stopping any other direct services we provide through this website:
Use unsubscribe function at the bottom of all email correspondence
Send email to info@mathematica-mpr.com
Send mail to the following postal address:
Communications Department
Mathematica
P.O. Box 2393
Princeton, NJ 08543-2393
Call the following telephone number: (609) 799-3535
Click on the Edit User Profile option to update or remove your contact information from our site
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, our administrative practices, or other issues with our website, please contact info@mathematica-mpr.com.
Your Privacy
Our website uses cookies.
Please click the “Accept” button or continue to use our website if you agree to our use of cookies, as detailed in our privacy and cookie policy.
Accept