https://www.prisonerseducation.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Toggle Navigation
Get support
Prison staff
Our courses
People leaving prison
Continue with education
Current opportunities
Join the alumni network
Family and friends
Get involved
Donate
Leave a legacy
Looking after our supporters
Fundraise
Challenge events
Organise your own event
Join our networks
Volunteer
Vacancies
Events
Join the conversation
What we do
Distance learning in prisons
Work with our learners
Policy
Prisoner Learning Alliance
Prison education today
Active citizenship in prisons
Work with universities and colleges
Prison-University partnerships network
Partnerships Directory
PLAN network
News and views
e-News
Stories
Share your story
Publications
About us
Mission, vision, values
Our history
Who we are
Our staff
Our trustees
Ambassadors and Patrons
Media centre
Annual report and accounts
Policies
Contact us
Login area
Search for:
Donate
Terms and conditions
Home > Terms and conditions
Donate
Contact us
Policies
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Sitemap
Terms and conditions
Welcome to our site
These terms and conditions apply to the entire contents of the websites under the domains www.prisonerseducation.org.uk and to any correspondence by e-mail between us and you. Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they take effect from your first visit to the websites, and your use of the sites means you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy.
All references to ‘Prisoners’ Education Trust’ or ‘PET’ mean Prisoners’ Education Trust.
If there is any conflict between these terms and conditions and specific terms appearing elsewhere on the websites relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
Content
In developing the PET website, every effort has been taken to ensure the information held on the site is accurate in the UK, legally correct and ethical at the time of appearance. Information contained on the PET website is provided for information only we do not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the information and materials offered on this website for any particular purpose.
Although care has been taken in preparing the information contained on this website, the content provides only general information and must not be used as an alternative to professional advice. We recommend users seek professional advice where appropriate.
Liability
PET reserves the right to change the content of the website, withdraw or amend any information, programmes or events at any time without liability.
So far as is permitted by law PET accepts no liability for loss or damage, including personal injury, resulting from use of this website. While all reasonable efforts are made to ensure no malware or viruses are transmitted via our website, this cannot be guaranteed. PET will not accept liability from damage caused by viruses and recommends that users safeguard their IT equipment before downloading information.
The content of this website is aimed at adults within the UK and other advice should be sought in other circumstances.
While PET endeavours to ensure that this website is normally available 24 hours a day, it shall not be liable if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
If you believe the content of any pages to be inaccurate or out of date, please email communications@prisonerseducation.org.uk.
Unauthorised access
Hacking into this website for the purpose of adding to or altering the content of the website or sending unsolicited emails (spam), transmitting any offensive or illegal content, and interfering with the general working of the site is illegal and unethical.
Links
Please obtain permission from us to include any links to our website. This can be requested by emailing PET using the communications@prisonerseducation.org.uk. PET reserves the right to require links to be removed if we believe it is not in our interest.
We have provided links to other organisations for your convenience and to provide further information. This does not signify that we endorse the linked website(s) and we cannot guarantee or be responsible for their content or accessibility. Please read their privacy policies and terms and conditions.
Using our logos and information
The PET logo, Prisoner Learning Alliance logo and other logos associated with PET may not be used without PET’s prior written consent. Requests to use the PET logo or other logos associated with PET should be sent to Katy Oglethorpe.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to PET. Copyright material includes, but is not limited to, information, publications, images, videos, and the design, layout and appearance of the website. Some information, materials or photos on our website may be the property of another copyright owner, used here with their permission.
PET’s downloadable leaflets, brochures and publications and our web pages can be printed, copied and used for private use, study or teaching purposes; however no modification may be made to the content. Content may not be used for commercial, public or any other purposes without PET’s prior written permission. No part of the Website may be reproduced or stored in any other website or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service without PET’s prior written permission.
Disputes
Any disputes arising out of these terms and conditions will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales (or the laws of Scotland or Northern Ireland if you live there). If you choose to bring proceedings in connection with the terms you must do so in the courts of England and Wales unless you live in Scotland or Northern Ireland, in which case you can choose to bring proceedings there.
If you have any questions about these Terms & Conditions, please contact us by email at communications@prisonerseducation.org.uk or via our Contact Us page.
About us
Our History
Get involved
Volunteer
What we do
Stories
Join our mailing list
Email
© Prisoners' Education Trust 2020
whois: Andy White Freelance WordPress Developer London