http://www.fairfieldsec.org/others/terms-of-use
MENU
Home
About Us
Mission, Vision & Values
Crest and Motto
School History
School Song and Hymn
Our People
Useful Links for Teachers
Contact Us
PDPA Policy for FMS(S)
Financial and Non-Financial Information
Curriculum
Fostering An Active Learning Culture
Voice Of A Fairsian Programme
Subjects Offered at the O- and N-Level
Departments
Co-Curriculum
Overview
Sophia Blackmore Leadership Programme
CCA
Character & Citizenship Education
Discipline & Guidance
Parents
Partnership in Education (PiE)
School Leaders' Updates
Principal’s Dialogue with Parents
Form Teachers
Assessment Matters
Administrative Matters
School Rules
School Calendar
Resource for Parents
Prospective Students
2020 Virtual Open House
School Information
Direct School Admission (DSA)
School Transfer
Highlights
Our Stories
Latest Updates
Home >
Others >
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
1.Thank you for visiting Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary)'s website. By accessing and using this Web Site, you shall be deemed to have accepted to be legally bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Web Site. General2.These Terms of Use may be changed from time to time. Changes will be posted on this page and your use of this Web Site after such changes have been posted will constitute your agreement to the modified Terms of Use and all of the changes. Proprietary Rights 3.This Web Site is maintained by Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary). It is owned by Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary).4.The materials located on this Web Site including the information and software programs (the Contents), are protected by copyright, trademark and other forms of proprietary rights. All rights, title and interest in the Contents are owned by, licensed to or controlled by Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary). Privacy Policy5.Click here to review this Web Site Privacy Statement. Restrictions on Use of Materials 6.Except as otherwise provided, the Contents of this Web Site shall not be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise distributed in any way, without the prior written permission of Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary). To use any parts of the contents of this Site, the user must seek permission in writing, stating the contents for use; intent of use; manner of use; time frame of use and identity of the user. MOE reserves the right to refuse permission without declaring reason(s); and/or if information submitted by user is deemed insufficient. 7.Modification of any of the Contents or use of the Contents for any other purpose will be a violation of Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary)'s copyright and other intellectual property rights. Graphics and images on this Web Site are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary).Right of Access 8.Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) reserves all rights to deny or restrict access to this Web Site to any particular person, or to block access from a particular external address to this Web Site, at any time, without ascribing any reasons whatsoever. Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability 9.The Contents of this Web Site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) does not warrant and hereby disclaims any warranty: as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Contents of this Web Site; that the Contents available through this Web Site or any functions associated therewith will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that this Web Site and the server is and will be free of all viruses and/or other harmful elements. 10.Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) shall also not be liable for any damage or loss of any kind caused as a result (direct or indirect) of the use of the Web Site, including but not limited to any damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on the Contents contained in or available from the Web Site. Links from This Web Site to Other Web Sites 11.This Web Site contains hyperlinks to web sites which are not maintained Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary). Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) is not responsible for the contents of those web sites and shall not be liable for any damages or loss arising from access to those web sites. Use of the hyperlinks and access to such web sites are entirely at your own risk. 12.Hyperlinks to other web sites are provided as a convenience. In no circumstances shall Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) be considered to be associated or affiliated with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on web sites to which this Web Site is linked. Links to This Web Site from Other Web Sites 13.Except as set forth below, caching and links to, and the framing of this Web Site or any of the Contents are prohibited. 14.You must secure permission from Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) prior to hyperlinking to, or framing, this Web Site or any of the Contents, or engaging in similar activities. Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) reserves the right to impose conditions when permitting any hyperlinking to, or framing of this Web Site or any of the Contents. 15.Your linking to, or framing any part of this Web Site or its Contents constitute acceptance of these Terms of Use. This is deemed to be the case even after the posting of any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you must discontinue linking to, or framing of this Web Site or any of the Contents. 16.In no circumstances shall Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) be considered to be associated or affiliated in whatever manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on web sites that link to this Web Site or any of the Contents. 17.Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) reserves all rights to disable any links to, or frames of any site containing inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topics, names, material or information, or material or information that violates any written law, any applicable intellectual property, proprietary, privacy or publicity rights. 18.Fairfield Methodist School (Secondary) reserves the right to disable any unauthorised links or frames and disclaims any responsibility for the content available on any other site reached by links to or from this Web Site or any of the Contents.Governing Law19.These Terms of Use shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws of the Republic of Singapore.
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Purchase of Books and Stationery for 2020
Application for 2021-2022 O-Level Music course del 31 Aug 20
Booking of Facilities
FMS(S)’ Responsibility to Society
Privacy Statement
I-Share
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Search
Change of Semester 2 Timetable
Archives
Updates
Sec 1E Subject Teachers
Sec 1B Subject Teachers
Sec 1C Subject Teachers
Sec 1D Subject Teachers
Sec 1A Subject Teachers
Sec 1G Subject Teachers
Sec 1H Subject Teachers
Sec 2A Subject Teachers
Sec 2B Subject Teachers
Sec 2C Subject Teachers
Sec 2D Subject Teachers
Sec 2E Subject Teachers
Sec 2F Subject Teachers
Sec 2G1 Subject Teachers
Sec 2G2 Subject Teachers
Sec 2H Subject Teachers
Sec 3A Subject Teachers
Sec 3A2 Subject Teachers
Sec 3B Subject Teachers
Sec 3C Subject Teachers
Sec 3D Subject Teachers
Sec 3E Subject Teachers
Sec 3F Subject Teachers
Sec 3G1 Subject Teachers
Sec 3G2 Subject Teachers
Sec 3H Subject Teachers
Sec 4A Subject Teachers
Sec 4B Subject Teachers
Sec 4C Subject Teachers
Sec 4D Subject Teachers
Sec 4E Subject Teachers
Sec 4F Subject Teachers
Sec 4G1 Subject Teachers
Sec 4G2 Subject Teachers
Sec 4B Subject Teachers
Sec 4H Subject Teachers
Sec 5A Subject Teachers
Principal's Message - 1st item under About Us
Yearly FMSS Lego Letter & Order Form - under parents
Calendar (Archive)
VIA Opportunities For Students
Sec Schools Near MRT Stations
Site Map
2016 CCE News flash
PiE back up
CCE Newsflash Term 1
Bringing the world into the Classroom
Cultivating values through the performing arts
Nurturing a Heart of Service
BLACKMORE LEADERSHIP CAMP 2019
Celebrating Our Singaporean Identity
Parents
Cultivating Values through Clubs/Societies
Connect T4 Parents Tip Sheet
FMSS Day Photos
Banner Carousel
Test
Information for Secondary 1 Students and Parents of 2021
Secondary 1 Registration
Start of School 2021 - Important Information for Students and Parents/Guardians
Secondary 1 Orientation
Secondary 1 CCA Registration