https://www.ramoan.org.uk/privacy-policy/
HOMEABOUT About Our Parishes MinistriesSERVICES Where and When We Meet Return to Public WorshipPUBLICATIONS Weekly Service Sheet Current Prayer List Current Newsletter SAFEGUARDING TRUST
Our Policy and Panel
Graveyard Regulations Data Privacy Policy Website Privacy PolicyCALENDAR Find Out What’s OnPARISH CENTRE Information about the Ramoan Parish CentreCONTACT Contact Us Facebook Page LINKSHoly Trinity LivestreamSt James’ Livestream
Your privacy matters to us.
We will be open and transparent about any personal data that we collect about you via our website and other web services we offer.
Who we are
We are the Parishes of Ramoan and Culfeightrin
We are located at 3 Station Street, Ballycastle, BT54 6AP
You can contact us at: 028 2076 2888, parishoframoan@gmail.com
We may process your personal data
to respond to a query you might have sent us
when you sign up to our newsletter
Processing your personal data is necessary to meet our legitimate interests in promoting our services and providing you with necessary information. We will request and obtain your consent to collect personal data such as your name and email address. We will retain this personal data in accordance with legislative requirements and in line with our data retention policy.
Transfers of data outside the European Economic Area
We do not transfer any personal data outside the European Economic Area.
Your rights relating to your personal data
You have the following rights, subject to certain exemptions, in relation to your personal data:
right to access the data
right to rectification
right to erasure
right to restriction of processing or to object to processing
right to data portability
If we are processing personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
Requirement to process personal data
You may browse our website without providing us with any personal data and this will not affect your ability to view our website. However, if you do not provide us with your personal data we may not be able to respond to you. We do not use any personal data for the purpose of automated decision–making or profiling.
Security
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your personal data. All data sent between our server and your web browser is encrypted by SSL.
Cookies
Our website only uses a cookie to remember your viewing preferences for our site if your web browser settings permit. It does not store any tracking or location information.
Contact Information
If you are unhappy with how we process your personal data, we ask you to contact us so that we can assess the situation. You may also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. The Northern Ireland supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner.
Changes to this policy
Any changes to this policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Our website only uses a cookie to remember your viewing preferences for our site. It does not store any tracking or location information. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.