https://www.milofoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Only people with an appointment are allowed in the Milo Point Richmond Adoption Center.
Adopt
Dogs for Adoption
Cats for Adoption
Pet Adoption Application
FAQs
Volunteer
Volunteer Program
Volunteer Application
Pet Foster Program
Foster Application
FAQs
Sanctuary
Milo Sanctuary
Sanctuary Animals
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Donate
Adopt
Dogs for Adoption Cats for Adoption Pet Adoption Application FAQs
Volunteer
Volunteer Program Volunteer Application Pet Foster Program Foster Application FAQs
Sanctuary
Milo Sanctuary Sanctuary Animals
About Us
About Us Contact Us
Blog Donate
Privacy PolicyHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how the Milo Foundation (“The Milo Foundation,” “Milo,” “we,” “our” or “us”) processes, uses and shares the Personal Information (defined below) that it receives or collects from visitors to and users of The Milo Foundation website located at the URL https://www.milofoundation.org (“Website”) and otherwise from our donors, visitors and clients, as further described below.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update or amend this Privacy Policy and will notify you of those changes as required by law. Changes in our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and supersede any prior posted Privacy Policy. By your continued use of the Website, you will be deemed to consent to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
When and How Do We Collect Personal Information?
Generally Speaking, “Personal Information“ means any information about an individual from which that person may be identified. Personal Information includes your name, telephone number, email address and street address. It may also include things like your IP address, device ID and location information. Personal Information does not, however, include information from which the identity of an individual has been definitively removed (also known as anonymous or anonymized data).
We collect Personal Information directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you adopt, make a donation or otherwise communicate with us, verbally or in writing. We also may collect information indirectly through automated technologies, such as cookies, or from third parties.
You can generally visit our Website without having to submit any Personal Information about yourself to us.
Personal Information You Provide
You can generally visit our Website without having to submit any Personal Information about yourself to us. The Milo Foundation collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us or make a donation. Such information may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, types of pets owned by you and various demographic data such as age, family size and Internet use.
Payment Information
Additionally, if you wish to make a donation or purchase products, we will also need to process your payment information in order to process your transaction. Payment processing is performed by third-party service providers.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We or authorized third parties collect some information, including Device and Usage Information and Location Information by automated means using cookies, and server logs for analytic purposes.
How We Use Personal Information
We may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you for a variety of reasons including sharing animal-related issues we feel you may be interested in, scheduling volunteer activities, updating you regarding Milo Foundation programs, extending invitation to support our various fundraising programs, sending donation receipts, and complying with any legal or regulatory obligations.
Protection of Children Online Privacy. We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. Protecting children’s identities and information online is important. While Milo Foundation’s web site can be used by individuals of all ages, Milo does not knowingly solicit data from children online. No one under the age of 13 is allowed to register or subscribe on this site, nor will the Milo Foundation knowingly accept personal data from anyone under 13 on www.milofoundation.org.
Disclosure of Information
We value your privacy. We restrict access to personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and state regulations to guard your personal information. The Milo Foundation never shares, trades, or sells personal information.
All administrative staff are trained on our Privacy Policies. Any person with access to our donor records must sign and abide by a confidentiality agreement and are subject to disciplinary measures for any violations, including termination.
Legal Obligations & Security
We will disclose your Personal Information: (i) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena, warrant or other judicial or administrative order (as further explained below); (ii) to protect the safety of any person; (iii) to protect the safety or security of our Website or to prevent spam, abuse, or other malicious activity of actors on our Website; or (iv) to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of those who use our Website and/or products.
If we are required to disclose Personal Information by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena, warrant or other judicial or administrative order, our policy is to respond to requests that are properly issued by law enforcement within the United States or otherwise via a mutual legal assistance mechanism (e.g., treaty).
Note that if we receive information that provides us with a good faith belief that there is an exigent emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to a person or animal, or the detection or prevention of a crime, we may provide information, including Personal Information, to law enforcement trying to prevent or mitigate the danger (if we have it), to be determined on a case-by-case basis.
Changing Your Personal Information and Choices
If you would like us to stop using your Personal Information, or if you want to change Personal Information you previously have provided to us via the Website, please contact us at admin@milofoundation.org and we will comply unless precluded from doing so for record-keeping purposes or by applicable law.
Marketing Communications
We may send you postal mail and e-mails with donation support requests, adoption event notices, special event information, or other messages. If you would no longer like to receive such material from us, please follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions at the end of each email or to stop postal mail contact us at admin@milofoundation.org. Your address will be removed from our database. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in progress.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may link to websites or subdomains maintained by outside organizations, such as to apply for financial aid or credit or to purchase products. Please be aware that these third-party websites and subdomains are governed by their own privacy policies and do not fall within this Privacy Policy. The Milo Foundation is not responsible for the content or policies maintained by these websites or subdomains.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is processed for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected, to comply with legal and regulatory obligations and for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.
Protecting Your Personal Information
We have put in place reasonably appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Information that we collect and process about you. The measures that we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information. While we take all reasonable steps necessary to provide the most secure Website, you understand and assume the risks associated with your activities on the Internet.
How to Contact Us About Privacy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, have additional questions, please contact us at admin@milofoundation.org You may also write to:
The Milo Foundation
Attn: Legal Department
PO Box 6625
Albany, CA 94706
This privacy policy last modified on June 1, 2020.
The Milo Foundation Mailing Address:
PO Box 6625 Albany, CA 94706 Milo Point Richmond: 220 S Garrard Blvd Point Richmond, CA 94801 Map Milo Sanctuary: Mendocino County 707-459-4900
510-900-2275
Adopt a Dog or Puppy Adopt a Cat or Kitten Volunteer Donate Contact Us
Pet Adoption Application Foster Application Volunteer Application
E-Newsletter Subscrive Facebook Instagram Privacy Policy
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2001-2020
Start typing and press Enter to search