http://www.pli.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Learn the latest Coronavirus legal developments here.
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: AUGUST 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how Practising Law Institute (“PLI”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you through its websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us, such as through interactions on third party social media sites or by attending our live or recorded legal seminars or webcasts.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification).  We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us.  For example, we collect information when you register for a seminar or webcast, order and view live and on-demand streaming media, make a purchase, or use one of our apps.  We also collect information when you contact us via third party social media sites, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include your name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), business information, practice area, telephone number, email address, payment information, PLI account ID, bar number, and dietary information when you provide that information for an event, and any other information you choose to provide. If you are a faculty member, presenter, or author of PLI material, in addition to the above, we collect your photograph, social media information, government identification and travel information, and education details.
Information About Your Use of the Services
Usage Information
We collect information about your use of the Services, such as how you navigate our websites and apps and the seminars you attend.  If you conduct legal research or take notes in the Services, we will collect information about the searches you conduct and the notes you take.
Automatically Collected Information
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information:  We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, app version, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information:  We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:  Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies, such as web beacons, web storage, and unique advertising identifiers, to collect information about your activity, browser, and device.  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits.  Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.  For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.  For example, we may collect information about you from business partners through which you access the Services and from third parties, including but not limited to public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, and publicly available sources.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, such as to provide legal resources, continuing legal education, seminars and webinars, and legal research services.  We may also use the information we collect to:
Administer your account, send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages, to respond to your comments, questions and customer service requests;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, and events offered by PLI and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of PLI and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of PLI or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among PLI and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share your name and affiliation with our faculty so that they can better tailor their content to you. We also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as a link to share on LinkedIn), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa.  Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in applications.  These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information.  This information may be used by PLI and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity.  For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ if you reside in the European Union. Your device may also include a feature (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
PLI is based in the United States and we process and store information in the U.S. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. By using our Services, you consent to the processing of your information in the U.S. We will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account, or emailing us at privacy@pli.edu.  If you wish to delete your account, please email us at privacy@pli.edu, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.  We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your information. We may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from PLI by following the instructions in those emails, by logging into your online account and selecting "Communication Preferences" in the Profile and Settings dropdown and choosing “Opt out,” or by contacting us at inform@pli.edu.  If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
To opt out of receiving telephone calls or postal mail from us, please send an email to privacy@pli.edu specifying the contact information used and form of marketing from which you are opting out.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device.  You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Residents of California
If you are a resident of California, please review these additional privacy disclosures, which summarize how we collect, use, and disclose information about you and explain your rights under California law.
We collect the following categories of personal information: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, electronic, visual, or similar information, professional or employment-related information, education information, and inferences drawn about you. For examples of the precise data points we collect, please see the Collection of Information section above.
We collect personal information from the sources identified in the Collection of Information section above. We collect this information for the business purposes described in the Use of Information section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Recipients
Identifiers
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements.
Demographic Information
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements.
Commercial Information
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements.
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements.
Electronic or Visual Information
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements. PLI Speakers and Authors: information shared on website and promotional material to promote applicable product(s).
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements. PLI Speakers and Authors: information shared on website and promotional material to promote applicable product(s).
Education Information
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements.  Speakers and authors: information shared on website to promote applicable product(s).
Inferences
Vendors working on our behalf to fulfill business requirements
California law requires that we provide transparency about personal information we “sell,” which for the purposes of the CCPA broadly means scenarios in which we have shared personal information with third parties in exchange for valuable consideration. PLI does not sell the personal information we collect.
You have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any “sales” of your personal information that may be occurring, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may access the information we hold about you by logging into your account and selecting “Profile and Settings”. While logged into your account you can also view order history (“My Order History”), license information (“My Licenses”), certificates (“My Certificates”) You may request deletion of your personal information by closing your account.   If you need additional assistance accessing or deleting your personal information, you may call us at 800.260.4PLI or 212.824.5700 or info@pli.edu. We may ask you to verify your request by logging into your account or asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us.  We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us.
Residents of the European Economic Area
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data.
Legal Basis for Processing
If you are a resident of the EEA, when we process your personal data we will only do so in the following situations:
We need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the PLI services you have requested).
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, we may process your personal data to send you marketing communications, to communicate with you about changes to our Services, and to provide, secure, and improve our Services.
We have your consent to do so.
Data Subject Requests
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, erased, or transferred.  You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing.  If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can log into your PLI account. Alternatively, you may contact us as indicated below.
Questions or Complaints
If you are a resident of the EEA and have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside.  For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article- 29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Director of MarketingPractising Law Institute1177 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10036Email: privacy@pli.edu