http://www.healthpaconline.net/privacy.htm
Home
Universal Health Care
Children's Health Care
Health Care Advocacy
Health Care Insurance
Health Care Statistics
Health Care Q & A
Archives
Access To Health Care
About Rekindling Reform
How Other Countries Do It
Universal Health Q&A
Rekindling Reform
Insurance Appeal
Health Facts
Nearly 40% of the uninsured population in the United States live in households that earn $50,000 or more.
Heart Health
Heart disease is the leading cause of death for men and women in the United States.
Many of the causes of heart disease can be prevented or controlled by adopting a healthy lifestyle.
It is also important to get regular health screenings for your blood pressure and cholesterol levels.
Obesity Advocacy
Many people struggling with obesity are denied coverage for needed treatment such as medically managed weight loss programs or bariatric surgery.
Learn how you can appeal an insurance denial for treatment or become an advocate for change.
Read more...
Privacy Policy
General
At HealthPAConline.net, we do not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information (including e-mail address, phone number, etc.) regarding our visitors. Any information you provide us with will be used responsibly, is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.
Use of Information
HealthPAConline.net does not send unsolicited emails or spam of any type.
The only contact we may have is when we are responding to an email you have initiated.
Cookies
HealthPAConline.net uses the feature of your internet web browser called a “cookie” to assign a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are files that your web browser places on your computer’s hard drive. HealthPAConline.net uses these cookie files to track your clicks as you go through the web site. We use these cookies to keep track of what parts of our web site attract the most traffic and to determine how to make our web site easier to navigate.
These cookies cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
HealthPAConline.net does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer unless such information was knowingly and willingly provided by you.
Enforcement
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us by using our contact form.
You may also choose to contact the DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-DMA.org, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
© 2001 - 2020 HealthPAConline
about us
contact us
privacy
disclaimer