http://www.helpatwork.net/privacy
COMPANY RESCUE SERVICE
We are independent experts that advise and assist companies in the fields of corporate finance, company rescue and company insolvency procedures.
Learn More
ADVICE ON WHICH ROUTE TO TAKE
If you cannot pay your company debts, or if the assets of your company are less than your debts, your company may be insolvent. We will show you the different routes to take to either save or close your company.
Learn More
Company Debt Advice
Cash Flow Problems
Creditor Pressure
HMRC Tax Debts & Arrears
Company Liquidation
HMRC Time To Pay Plans
Winding Up Petitions
HMRC Accelerated Payment Notice (APN)
Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA)
Members Voluntary Liquidation (MVL)
Business Finance Options
Pre Pack Administration
Welcome to GABLE Financial Services
From time to time limited companies find themselves in financial difficulty. A company’s cash flow situation may be having a detrimental effect on its continued operation and debts may be stacking up. This is the time to take action and make sure you have an understanding of business insolvency and company debt.
Limited companies, both large and small often find themselves in situation of financial difficulty. This can be due to a whole variety of factors such as poor economy, loss of contracts / customers, a poor booking, etc. Whatever the reason the most important thing to do is not hide fact and wait until the problem is too big to deal with.
When a company reaches a state of financial difficulty, two options become available. First, the company can cease to trade, its are sold and the business goes into liquidation. The second option is a company rescue procedure such as a Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA) or “Prepack Administration Order“ which ultimately aim to keep the core business of the company alive.
Our company advice team aim to educate companies when they require assistance and try to make the decision makers wiser to their financial options. The advice team are very sympathetic towards companies in a crisis and listen to what directors ultimately want to achieve.
When your business is facing difficult financial issues, it is easy to become overwhelmed and disheartened about what to do next. That is why it is important to get the support of experienced advisers who can be there to talk through all matters of business debt and business insolvency, leading to business recovery and even renewal.
Our company debt advice service provides a trusted source of on-going support and advice all the way from addressing the problems through to complete recovery and stabilisation. Some of these solutions can be short-term, and some can be longer; it all depends on your individual circumstances and what our experts deem to be the best course of action.
If your business is going through a difficult financial time, there are many options and initiatives you can take to ensure that any lasting damage is minimised and the business is able to settle its debts without necessarily ending in liquidation. Our service is available to businesses of any size, from sole traders through to medium sized enterprises and our experienced advisers are always at hand to provide impartial and expert advice.
Your business rescue plan will follow an initial conversation where we will determine what your financial troubles and business debts are, and begin formulating the plan. We will work closely with you to find the best solution for your situation and through on-going support and communication, moving from business insolvency through to business recovery and getting you debt free.
Company Liquidation
Liquidation is one of the most common ways for a business to handle severe problems with debt. It is the process where a company is wound up and the assets and property of the company are distributed amongst stakeholders and creditors. For businesses facing problems with debt there is type of liquidation called voluntary liquidation which allows a company to voluntarily apply to liquidate the business. The advantage of a voluntary liquidation lies in that once a company has been liquidated, all outstanding debt is written off by creditors, leaving a clean break for directors who want to start fresh.
There are two main types of voluntary liquidation:
Creditors Voluntary Liquidation (CVL) – This is the process where the directors of a business, along with a licensed insolvency practitioner, choose to put an insolvent business into liquidation.
Members Voluntary Liquidation (MVL) – This is the process that takes place when a company is solvent, but is no longer viable and needs to be wound up. Members Voluntary Liquidation ( MVL) is often used  for solvent companies that wish to close down or directors that want to retire.
Creditors Voluntary Liquidation
Also known as a CVL, Creditors Voluntary Liquidation is one of most used solutions to business debt. As described above, a company goes into CVL when they cannot pay their debts and the directors and shareholders decide to liquidate the company because it is insolvent. An insolvency practitioner is appointed to oversee the process and organise the collection and distribution of the company assets. A CVL is appropriate when the insolvent business is no longer viable and the directors do not want to continue trading.
Business Turnaround
Our advice team has experienced and impartial business turnaround practitioners who have helped businesses identify problem areas and create plans on how to mitigate and improve their effects. Working closely with all aspects of your business, our turnaround practitioner will liaise with creditors on your behalf and put together and implement an effective turnaround plan.
If you feel like your business may be heading towards company insolvency, please do not hesitate to contact us for free, impartial advice. The sooner you contact us, the more we will be able to assist you.
Whatever your financial or debt problems may be, we will guide you through every step of the way, minimising stress and confusion during a difficult and stressful time.
As well as voluntary liquidation we can help businesses in the following areas:
Commercial Finance and business re-finance
Advice on Liquidation of a Limited Company – Company Bankruptcy or Liquidation
Pre Pack Administration
Advice for Directors
A fresh Start
Company Rescue with a Company Voluntary Arrangement CVA
Understanding HMRC Tax Problems Advice and Support on HMRC tax arrears
Accelerated Payment Notices
Company Debt
Court protection via an Administration Order
Advice if your company receives a Winding Up Order
The law surrounding company debt &  insolvency – The Insolvency Act 1986 and 2000
Advice on Company Mortgage and Rent Debt Arrears
General Advice on Limited Company Debt options
Detailed company debt advice factsheets
Advice on company finance options
Advice on whether your company is insolvency and if it requires company debt advice
The approach taken by the company advice team is very professional, yet accessible to the client aiming to achieve the respect and trust by respecting them in return. Company rescue and insolvency is not a battlefield and everyone such as creditors, HM Revenue & Customs and other stakeholders can all work together to achieve a rescue plan.
Call us now on:
0800 668 1391/ 0161 907 2444/
07956 156 354
Contact Us
Best time to callNow1 hour9am - 10am10am - 11am11am - 12pm12pm - 1pm1pm - 2pm2pm - 3pm3pm - 4pm4pm - 5pm5pm - 6pm
By using our services, you agree to Insolvency Helpline's Cookies Policy.