http://www.crossworld.org/privacy-policy
Loginor create account
Log in to your account
Log in to your Account
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Recover it here.
Sign up for an account
Name
Email
Choose Password
Retype Password
Register
Menu
About
Go
Stay
Blog & Media
Churches
Give
Please login to continue
Email
Password
Log In
Forgot your password?
Recover it here.
Hi! Crossworld.org uses cookies to improve your experience on our site. Read about how we use cookies in our privacy policy.
Privacy Policy
Accept
Privacy and Usage Policy
Crossworld is committed to the privacy of the visitors and users of crossworld.org and crossworld.ca. The following policies describe our practices for gathering and disseminating information for this website and set forth policies and procedures related to this website.
PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. BY USING THIS WEBSITE IN ANY WAY, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW.
NO SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONCrossworld is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to us online. Crossworld never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. Crossworld assures you that it will use reasonable measures to protect the identity of all who contact us through this website and to keep such information confidential.
In addition, Crossworld will not send you email that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you email announcing news and event information. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from us as well. Crossworld may occasionally send you mailings on behalf of other organizations or ministries when their interests align with Crossworld.
REGISTRATION FORMSForms on the website may ask you to share your contact information. If you make a donation online, the donation form will include payment and billing information. Crossworld does not collect special categories of data including race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships, genetic or biometric data, health or mortality, or sexual orientation. Under no circumstances will any of your information be distributed, sold or shared with anyone other than the webmaster and co-workers directly involved in fulfilling your request or addressing your issue.
DATA PROCESSINGData is collected for the purposes of processing donations, applications, and inquiries to Crossworld. Crossworld processes user data to personalize and improve our services online. We do not collect or process data on user work performance, economic situation, health, reliability, or movements.
Automated data processing does not produce any legal effects to the user. Personal preference data may be used to personalize content based on website activity or for communication preferences like email subscriptions. Crossworld will limit the processing of personal data to the activities and purposes stated in this Privacy and Usage Policy. Personal data may be accessed and processed by a select number of Crossworld employees, trusted vendors, and service providers. Vendor access and usage standards are determined by Crossworld’s Privacy and Usage Policies and security requirements.
Data retention is based on business necessity determined by the data subject’s relationship and levels of engagement with Crossworld. Donors in the United States will have personal and transactional data stored at least ten (10) years in accordance with legal requirements. Donors based in Canada will have personal and transactional data stored indefinitely in accordance with legal requirements. Personal data collected from general interest or application form submissions will be stored while the subject is active and for at least two years after inactivity, but may be deleted at the request of the user.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSINGCrossworld has a legal basis for processing personal data with informed consent from users. Informed consent is given by accepting Crossworld’s Privacy and Usage Policies. Other personal data processing may be necessary to meet a legal obligation of for a legitimate interest, regardless of whether informed consent is provided. If a monetary donation is made, Crossworld has a legal requirement to collect personal and transaction data for tax purposes for processing payment. In order to subscribe, volunteer, or work with Crossworld, some personal data may be necessary for processing these requests.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS RESIDING IN THE EUROPEAN UNION Data subjects residing in the European Union (EU) have a right to decline or withdraw informed consent at any time. Data collected by Crossworld between the date of received consent and the date of withdrawn consent maintains a legal basis for processing and may be deleted upon request.
EU data subjects have a right to request a copy of their personal data and request for incorrect or incomplete data to be corrected. EU data subjects have a right to access data records without undue delay or difficulty, and have a right to restrict or object to the processing of personal data. EU data subjects have a right to have personal data deleted in part, or in full, upon request, and have a right to contact a supervisory authority to lodge a complaint.
SECURITYCrossworld is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. This website utilizes security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under its control. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. To protect your privacy, any collected information is encrypted during transmission. Crossworld uses Internet Encryption Software and Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, and then de-encrypted at our server. Once we receive your credit card information, it is accessible only to a small number of trusted Crossworld employees who have been specially trained in processing this information and the privacy requirements related to the use of the same.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY LOGGEDIf you are a registered crossworld.org user, we do track your usage to deliver relevant content while you are browsing the site. (This is optional and may be turned off.) We track non-specific information of general users so we can diagnose problems with our server, administer our website and optimize its usefulness. We do not link that information to individual visitors and users, nor do we share that information.
COOKIESFrom time to time, we may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. The cookies that we design and use cannot read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites, and the cookies we design and use are not intended to damage your system. Data collected by cookies may include and is not limited to user IP region, website activity history, and website search terms. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of websites you have visited (i.e., e-commerce sites). These cookies may also collect demographic information such as age, gender, and interests. We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Many websites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you would like to opt-out of having cookies collect information, you can download a browser add-on. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
EXTERNAL LINKSCrossworld’s website, publications, blogs and social media may contain references to other information resources. The opinions and views on external links do not necessarily reflect the position or policy of Crossworld and no official endorsement or recommendation by Crossworld should be inferred or assumed unless expressly set forth by Crossworld as its formal opinion or view.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACYWe are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We encourage you to become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.
To read more about online safety and how to become more involved with your child's online experience, visit the Federal Trade Commission website. You may also benefit from the information and resources available on ProtectKids.com.COMMENTS POLICYComments and questions from blog and story readers are welcome. Crossworld appreciates comments that contribute respectfully to dialogue on a blog or story topic, and may delete comments that are rude, divisive or off-topic. While we may not fully agree with every comment on our site, we do appreciate a variety of perspectives and invite you to share yours today.
SHIPPING POLICYMost orders are shipped within 3 business days. All orders are shipped via USPS, DHL, FedEx, UPS or comparable carrier. Processing time of your order can vary from 3-14 days depending on product availability, or in some cases up to 4-6 weeks. Orders shipped by ground service average 4-10 business days from date of order to reach their destination. Orders shipped by priority service average 3-7 business days from date of order to reach their destination. Additional charges may apply depending on weight. We will notify you of any additional charges before shipping. When calculating actual ship date, please do not count Saturdays, Sundays or federal holidays. Neither UPS nor DHL will ship to P.O. boxes. Please include a complete street address for all orders. If ordering internationally, any taxes, customs, or related fees will be your responsibility at the time of receipt.
BILLING POLICYWe accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. All online orders are processed through 128 bit SSL encryption to protect your credit card information during your online transaction. All prices and figures are listed in U.S. dollars.
RETURN POLICYAll orders are nonrefundable. Damaged or defective products may be exchanged for a replacement within 20 days from the date the product was shipped to you. Other than the right to exchange a damaged or defective product as set forth immediately above, unless otherwise set forth on this website or within the written materials provided to you with the product, the product is sold “as is” without warranty of any kind, and to the fullest extent of the law, any and all warranties, either express or implied are hereby disclaimed and waived.
ACCOUNT POLICYCrossworld reserves the right to de-activate or remove any user accounts provided at crossworld.org without a notice if user has provided wrong information or violated common Internet policies (i.e. posting harassing, profane, slanderous or derogatory statements or information, violating any of our intellectual property rights, attempting to access information that you are not authorized to access, attempting to use this website for commercial purposes, distributing any software or other data that contain a virus, worm, Trojan horse or other damaging code or data, etc.), or if the account has been inactive for more that 60 days. We do not warrant that use of the website will be error free or uninterrupted but state that errors will be corrected as soon as practicable after discovery. In addition, we do not warrant and expressly disclaim that the information posted on our website is complete or 100% accurate, but we do commit to make a good faith effort to provide complete and accurate information before it is posted on our website and to update the same when we determine that any errors have occurred.
DOWNLOAD LICENSEDownloads are solely for personal, noncommercial use. Copies of downloads can only be stored on computers or devices owned by the person or entity who purchased the download. Additional licenses of downloads can be purchased from crossworld.org. Unless otherwise authorized by written license, you hereby agree not to edit, modify, reproduce, rent, license, sell, distribute, copy, republish, transmit or create derivative works from any content on our website or downloads from our website. We reserve the right to terminate any license at any time, with or without notice, and upon such termination, you hereby agree to immediately destroy, delete and to cease all use or distribution of any downloaded, printed or stored copies of the licensed material.
TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIPThe use of names, brands, design marks, slogans, logos, designs, trade names, trade dress and/or other identifying marks on this website are deemed to be our trademarks, unless otherwise set forth. We own all rights to such trademarks or have the right to use such trademarks from a third party source. In addition, the content contained on our website is copyrighted material, Copyright UFM International, Inc. (dba Crossworld) © 2015-2016.
RESERVATION OF RIGHTS & LIMITATION OF LIABILITYWe reserve any rights not expressly granted in the terms set forth above or by other written agreement. Under no circumstances shall we be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages resulting, arising or relating to your use of our website or the purchase or download of any product, software, material or data from our website. In no event shall our total liability ever exceed the amount you have paid to us for any product, service, download, software, material, etc.
DISPUTE RESOLUTIONThe parties agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to this use of this website or the relationship of the parties hereto, which cannot be finally settled by the parties amicably between themselves shall, within fourteen (14) days from written notice from one party to the other stating that such party considers the matter to be unresolved and requesting mediation, or within another period of time agreed upon by the parties in writing, submit such dispute to professional mediation provided by the Institute for Christian Conciliation (a division of Peacemaker Ministries, 5550 Tech Center Drive, #311, Colorado Springs CO 80919, 719.358.4900, Peacemaker.net, hereafter “Peacemakers”), and any dispute not resolved through mediation shall be finally determined through binding arbitration by Peacemakers, to be conducted in accordance with Peacemaker’s then prevailing rules and procedures governing arbitration. Any such arbitration shall be held in Jackson County, Missouri, or at another place selected by mutual agreement, in writing, by the parties to the dispute. The arbitrator(s) shall apply the law of Missouri and make their decision in regard to the law of Missouri. A final and binding decision and final judgment may be entered upon such an award or enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction, but entry of such judgment will not be required to make such award effective.
THESE TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES
CONTACTING USIf you have comments or questions about any of our policies or our website, or to request information processed on this site, please contact us. For information about your payment or order, please contact us at 816.479.7300 during office hours (8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. CST).
Our mailing address is10000 N Oak TrafficwayKansas City MO 64155
ONLINE GIVING
Help bring God’s love to life and impact eternity with your gift to Crossworld. Setting up recurring gifts online is easy. Here’s how.
A BETTER WAY
Download the first chapter.Order softcover or Kindle edition.Read reviews.
GET STARTED
Let’s start the conversation about your role in making disciples of the nations.
About
Go
Stay
Blog & Media
Churches
Give
Contact
Crossworld is a global mission agency that sends Jesus-followers from all professions to make disciples in the world’s least-reached marketplaces.Crossworld USA  |  10000 N Oak Trafficway  |  Kansas City MO 64155  |  816.479.7300Crossworld CANADA  |  11-1020 Matheson Blvd E  |  Mississauga ON L4W 4J9  |  905.238.0904
© Copyright 2020
|
Privacy and Usage Policy
|
Member Dashboard Login
Contact