http://www.infiniteyoga.com/policies-procedures/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This site is controlled and operated by Infinite Yoga (“IY”). Our highest priority is to ensure that your privacy is respected, that your transaction is secure, and that any data you provide to us is protected. Contact us directly to request further information.
Online Privacy Opt-in
Personal information is collected only when users voluntarily register at a IY site to purchase items, receive newsletters, or for other promotional opportunities. It is IY policy to maintain all personal information as confidential and to use it only for the purpose for which it was submitted or to advise you of new sites as they are published. If you are already registered but no longer wish to receive messages from us, please let us know by phone, email or mail.
Sharing Data
IY never shares its consumer list with any company or organization, neither does IY sell or disclose any personally identifiable information about you unless you specifically register for a promotional offer. At any time, you may obtain a summary of your information on record with IY. You may request that IY destroy any information about you and remove you from our database at any time.
Aggregate Data
As with all servers on the Internet, the computers that deliver the Web pages to you identify your computer by its unique IP address or that of your ISP, such as AOL. The servers automatically record the name of the domain from which you accessed the site and the type of operating system and web browser that you use. The data are collected for one-time use only and are analyzed to identify broad demographic trends. This information cannot be used to identify you personally.
Children and Privacy
IY encourages parents to spend time with their children online. Under no circumstances does IY intentionally collect personal data from any person under the age of 14. If you are under 14, please ask a parent to provide any information requested.
Contact us:
9.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. PST
Monday to Friday
Infinite Yoga
113 W G St. # 517
San Diego, CA 92101
1 (619) 230-5723
Web Form