https://www.ptk.org/terms-conditions-of-membership/
Skip to contentTerms and Conditions of Membership
Hello, and welcome to the Phi Theta Kappa Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”). The Terms you see below are important because they describe the rules everyone needs to follow and explain the rights you give us when you become a member.
1 Introduction
Thanks for joining Phi Theta Kappa (“Phi Theta Kappa” “PTK”, “we,” “us,” “our”). Your membership agreement with us includes these Terms. Here you will find the current effective version of the Agreement.
2 Changes to the Agreement
Occasionally (super-rare) we may make changes to the Phi Theta Kappa Membership Agreements. When we make material changes to the Agreement, we’ll provide you with notice in an email, send the changes to your chapter’s advisor, and display a prominent notice within the Services of your membership (i.e. Transfer Edge, Employment Edge, Member dashboard, PTK Connect, etc.) Your continued Membership after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using your Membership under the new version of the Agreement, you may terminate your account by contacting us.
3 Enjoying Membership
Here’s some information about all the ways you can enjoy your PTK membership.
3.1 Once a Member, Always a Member
We have no recurring fees or annual dues; simply pay the one-time membership fee, and you can access your PTK benefits for life, even after you transfer, graduate or get a job. If you are asked to pay again, then please don’t do that and report it to us. You can find a description of our membership benefits on our website, and you will be able to access many of your Services (PTK Edge, PTK Connect, etc.) when you create a PTK member account.
3.2 Scholarships and Member Benefits
The benefits as described on our website are free of charge with your membership. Phi Theta Kappa also provides scholarship opportunities to over 850 four-year college partners along with access to over $1.2 million in competitive scholarships.
3.3 Other Services
Our trusted regionally accredited four-year college and career partners may offer scholarships, transfer and recruitment information, jobs and internships in conjunction with or through your PTK Membership. Our corporate partners (i.e. GEICO, Bank of America, Hurst NCLEX review, etc.) may offer special promotional plans, discounts or services, including offerings of third-party products and services in conjunction with or through your PTK Membership.
4 Cancellation and Payments
PTK Membership is a lifetime membership, and students enjoy immediate access to its benefits. Membership fees are non-refundable. You may cancel your PTK Membership at any time.
5 Rights you Grant Us
In consideration of the rights granted to you under the Agreement, you grant us the right (1) to process your membership and provide access to your member benefits, (2) to provide promotion of our chapter activities, store merchandise, advertising and other information to you, and (3) to allow our university and business partners to do the same.If you don’t want to see our communications or those of our partners you can log into your account profile, visit your communications settings, opt/in and out link, and check what you do (or do not) want to see.If you provide feedback, ideas or suggestions to Phi Theta Kappa in connection with our scholarships or member benefits, programs or services “Feedback”, you acknowledge that the Feedback is not confidential, and you authorize Phi Theta Kappa to use that Feedback without restriction and without payment to you. Feedback is considered a type of Content.
6 User Guidelines
Phi Theta Kappa respects intellectual property rights and expects you to do the same. Phi Theta Kappa Content refers to any intellectual property with copyright belonging to PTK (i.e. published program materials, website information, coursework and curriculum). The following is not permitted for any reason whatsoever:selling, renting, sublicensing or leasing of any part of Phi Theta Kappa Content;providing your password to any other person or using any other person’s username and password;interfering with or in any way tampering with, breaching, or attempting to probe, scan, or test for vulnerabilities in the Phi Theta Kappa’s computer systems or network.Please respect Phi Theta Kappa and other members. Don’t engage in any activity on PTK-sponsored social media channels/networking sites, communications, meetings or events which is or includes material that:is abusive, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, or obscene;is illegal, or intended to promote or commit an illegal act of any kind, including violations of intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or proprietary rights of Phi Theta Kappa or a third party;includes your password or purposely includes any other user’s password or purposely includes personal data of third parties or is intended to solicit such personal data;includes malicious content such as malware, Trojan horses, or viruses, or otherwise interferes with any member’s ability to access the Content;is intended to or does harass or bully other users;impersonates or misrepresents your affiliation with another user, person, or entity, or is otherwise fraudulent, false, deceptive, or misleading;involves the transmission of unsolicited mass mailings or other forms of spam, junk mail, chain mail.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.