http://www.lsac.org/about/lsac-policies/lsac-candidate-agreement
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb navigation
Home
›
About the Law School Admission Council
›
LSAC Policies
›
LSAC Candidate Agreement: Terms and Conditions for the LSAT Test and LSAT Flex Test
LSAC Candidate Agreement: Terms and Conditions for the LSAT Test and LSAT-Flex Test
Last Updated September 25, 2020
Candidate Agreement Introduction
This Candidate Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between the candidate who will take the Test (“you”) and Law School Admission Council, Inc. (“LSAC”) that sets forth the terms and conditions for the LSAT Test and LSAT-Flex Test (collectively, the “Test”) under which LSAC will permit you to register for and take the Test. This Agreement sets out important terms and conditions related to your taking of the Test, including terms and conditions relating to Test security. By registering for and/or taking the Test, you are agreeing to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Please read and review this Agreement carefully prior to agreeing to it. You should carefully review this Agreement prior to each time you take the Test. This Agreement is available on the LSAC website at http://www.lsac.org/about/lsac-policies/lsac-candidate-agreement.
All references to “Test” or “Tests” in this Agreement refer to the LSAT Test and LSAT-Flex Test and related documents in paper or electronic form, including the corresponding Test books, Test questions, Test responses, responses marked on answer sheets for the Test, and scratch paper booklets.
NOTICE: By registering for and/or taking the Test, you represent and affirm the following to LSAC:
The information you have provided to LSAC is true;
You have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Agreement and all of LSAC’s policies; and
You are not working for or on behalf of any Test preparation provider(s).
Terms and Conditions
Certification and Authorization. You certify that you are the candidate whose name appears on this Test registration and that you plan to take the Test for the sole purpose of being considered for admission to law school. You further certify that you will neither assist nor receive assistance from any person or entity during the Test and agree that after you take the Test, you will not discuss, share, disclose, copy, or otherwise misappropriate the Test or any intellectual property related to the Test, whether orally, in writing, on the Internet or via any other means or media, nor will you assist any person or entity in doing so. Any such discussion, sharing, disclosure, copying, or misappropriation could constitute a crime and may result in enforcement actions against you, to the fullest extent permitted at law, that could result in civil or criminal penalties.
You authorize LSAC to release to law schools information that you have provided to LSAC for purposes of taking the Test, including but not limited to this Agreement, your Test score, and information regarding any alleged misconduct or irregularities relating to you in the testing or law school admission process. You also authorize each law school to which you apply to release information from your law school file to LSAC.
Privacy Policy and Notice of Collection of Personally Identifying Information. LSAC collects personally identifying information from you when you register for or take one of our Tests. Our processing of such information (including the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of information) is described in the LSAC Privacy Policy found at http://www.lsac.org/about/lsac-policies/privacy-policy (as amended from time to time). When you register for or take any Test, you consent to the collection of your personally identifying information and its use and disclosure in accordance with this Agreement and the LSAC Privacy Policy.
Required Personally Identifying Information: When registering for and taking any Test, you are required to provide personally identifying information to us. Some of this personally identifying information is mandatory. If you do not provide the mandatory personally identifying information, including but not limited to your name, address, and date of birth, you may not be able to register for or take the Test.
LSAC Use of Personally Identifying Information: LSAC may share your personally identifying information consistent with LSAC’s Privacy Policy and (where applicable) to the law schools to which you apply. For example, we send your score reports to the law schools to which you direct us to send the score reports. In addition, LSAC provides your numeric score and percentile to your college and/or university. Your personally identifying information may also be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities or used to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, protect and defend LSAC’s rights and property, protect the safety of our users and/or the public, protect against legal liability, and as otherwise described in LSAC’s Privacy Policy. Any usage of your personally identifying information shall be done in accordance with the LSAC Privacy Policy found at http://www.lsac.org/about/lsac-policies/privacy-policy.
Notice to International Candidates: As noted in LSAC’s Privacy Policy, your personally identifying information may be transferred outside of your home country to the United States of America, to LSAC, or to a third-party service provider for processing and will be subject to use and disclosure under the laws of the United States of America.
Questions about Use of Personally Identifying Information: If you have any questions about the LSAC Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@lsac.org.
Photo Submission Requirement for Test Registration. During Test registration, LSAC will require you to submit a photo that meets LSAC’s photo requirements at http://www.lsac.org/lsat/taking-lsat/lsat-test-center-admission-requirements/lsat-admission-ticket-photo-requirements. Your photo will be used for Test security and other identification purposes. If you fail to provide a required photo by the deadline that applies to your Test date, LSAC may cancel your Test registration and you will be responsible for and subject to LSAC's Test date change policies and fees. You must provide a photo on or before the photo deadline for any new Test date. If you do not submit a photo on or before the photo deadline and do not request a Test date change, you will not be entitled to a refund of your original registration fees.
Audio/Video Recording Requirement for LSAT-Flex Test Candidates. By registering and agreeing to take the LSAT-Flex Test, you understand and agree that your audio and video will be recorded by a third-party test administrator during the LSAT-Flex Test process to maintain the integrity of the LSAT-Flex Test and to protect against misconduct or irregularities during the LSAT-Flex Test. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO SUCH AUDIO/VIDEO RECORDING BY A THIRD-PARTY TEST ADMINISTRATOR DURING THE LSAT-FLEX PROCESS.
Admission to the Test. Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, LSAC requires that you show acceptable identification to be permitted to take the Test.
Acceptable Forms of Identification for LSAT Test: You are responsible for understanding LSAC’s requirements for acceptable identification for the LSAT Test, which can be found at http://www.lsac.org/lsat/taking-lsat/lsat-test-center-admission-requirements/identification-accepted-lsat-admission. It is your responsibility to have acceptable identification with you on the LSAT Test day. LSAC’s policies are updated from time to time, so make sure that you check the website address above for any updates to LSAC's identification requirements before the day of your LSAT Test. You agree to be bound by the identification requirements that are in effect on the date of your LSAT Test. Your identification must sufficiently authenticate your identity to the LSAT Test supervisor. Under no circumstances will you be granted access to the LSAT Test without proper identification. If you have questions about whether your identification is acceptable for purposes of taking the LSAT Test, it is your responsibility to contact LSAC at least fourteen (14) days prior to your registered LSAT Test date. In order for LSAC to perform any review of your identification, you will need to submit a scanned copy of your identification to LSAC.
Acceptable Forms of Identification for LSAT-Flex Test: You must use either a passport or a government-issued identification issued in North America. The government-issued identification must be current (or if expired, such expiration occurred within ninety (90) days of the LSAT-Flex Test date) and contain: (i) a recent and recognizable photo of you; (ii) your first name (which must be identical to the first name on your registration); (iii) your last name (which must be identical to the last name on your registration); and (iv) your date of birth. The photo on your identification will be compared by the proctor to your appearance on the LSAT-Flex Test day via webcam. This comparison will be performed by both the proctor and facial recognition software. Your proctor will not allow you to take the LSAT-Flex Test if your identity cannot be verified via these methods. Please note that any form of United States of America military identification is not accepted by LSAC for purposes of taking the LSAT-Flex Test.
Questions Regarding Forms of Identification: LSAC and the LSAT Test supervisor or the LSAT-Flex Test proctor (as applicable) have exclusive discretion to deny you admission to the Test due to unacceptable identification. If LSAC and the LSAT Test supervisor or the LSAT-Flex Test proctor (as applicable) determine that you do not have an acceptable form of identification, such determination shall be final and you will not be able to challenge such determination.
Reporting Time: You must report to the LSAT Test no later than the reporting time indicated on your LSAT Admission Ticket. You will not be admitted to the LSAT Test after the time set forth on your LSAT Admission Ticket. You must report to the LSAT-Flex Test no later than the time you schedule for your LSAT-Flex Test. You will not be admitted to the LSAT-Flex Test if you report to the LSAT-Flex Test more than one (1) hour after your scheduled time for the LSAT-Flex Test. LSAC will strictly enforce the reporting deadlines set forth in this provision. If you are a candidate at an international Test center, please carefully review the actual Test date, day, and reporting time printed on your LSAT Admission Ticket for the LSAT Test.
Unacceptable Forms of Identification: The following forms of identification are not acceptable forms of identification for purposes of taking the Test: any student identification, military identification, electronic form of identification, Social Security card, Social Insurance card, birth certificate, credit card (including any credit card containing a photo), identification that expired greater than ninety (90) days prior to the date of the Test, photocopied identification, or employee identification (including employee identification for employees of any governmental entity or agency).
Requests for Alternative Forms of Identification. Any candidate taking the Test in North America who is ineligible to obtain the required government-issued identification may request LSAC’s approval for an alternate form of identification. To request an exception to LSAC's identification requirements, you must contact LSAC prior to the registration deadline that corresponds with your registered Test date. You may contact LSAC by email at LSACinfo@LSAC.org or phone at 215-968-1001. If you contact LSAC by phone, please press "0" to speak to an LSAC candidate representative. LSAC will not make exceptions to the Test identification requirements on the day of the Test.
Photo Requirements. Any photo that you upload through your LSAC.org account must satisfy the following requirements: (i) your uploaded photo must be recent and recognizable; (ii) your uploaded photo must be clear, so that there can be no doubt about your identity; (iii) your uploaded photo must contain only your face and shoulders (e.g., a passport photo); (iv) your uploaded photo must be a different photo from the photo that appears on the government-issued identification that you use for the Test (do not upload a scan or photo of your government-issued identification); and (v) your uploaded photo must match your appearance on the day of the Test (e.g., with or without beard). For examples of acceptable and unacceptable photographs, please visit the Identification Accepted for LSAT Admission page at http://www.lsac.org/lsat/taking-lsat/lsat-test-center-admission-requirements/identification-accepted-lsat-admission. It is your responsibility to ensure that your photo image meets the requirements listed above. If you receive a message that your upload was successful, this message only signifies that your uploaded file contained the correct file type and file size. If you have any questions concerning LSAT photo requirements, please email LSACinfo@LSAC.org or call 215-968-1001.
Limitations on Candidates for the Test. If you plan to take the Test within twenty-four (24) months of having either supervised the Test or worked as part of LSAC’s Test staff, you must notify LSAC upon registering for the Test. LSAC will review the request and either honor the registration or offer an alternative Test location and/or date. Any request must be received no later than the registration deadline that corresponds with the requested Test date. Failure to abide by this requirement may result in the initiation of proceedings that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity. You are permitted to take the Test: three (3) times in a single Test year; five (5) times within the current and past five (5) Test years; and seven (7) times over the course of your lifetime. In addition, you will not be permitted to retake the Test if you have already attained a Test score of one hundred eighty (180) within the previous five (5) Test years (which is the period in which LSAC reports Test scores to law schools on your behalf).
Test Timing. The LSAT Test consists of five (5) separately timed, thirty-five (35) minute sections. The LSAT-Flex Test consists of three (3) separately timed, thirty-five (35) minute sections. During the time allotted for each section of the Test, you may work on that section only. Once time is called or is displayed, as applicable, during a section of the Test, all pencils and styluses are to be put down and no more marks or erasures are to be made on the answer sheet or scratch paper booklet. If you are typing the Test via an electronic device, no additional inputs may be made once time is called during a section. You may not start a section of the LSAT Test unless and until instructed by the room supervisor to do so. You may not start a section of the LSAT-Flex Test unless and until instructed by the proctor to do so. Failure to follow any instructions contained in this provision may result in your dismissal from the Test and/or the initiation of proceedings that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity.
LSAT-Flex Test Candidates: The official time and time remaining for the applicable section of the LSAT-Flex Test will display on your computer screen. The five (5) minutes remaining warning will display on your computer screen or will be announced by the proctor. At the conclusion of the LSAT-Flex Test, you may not leave your testing area or “camera range” until the LSAT-Flex Test proctor instructs you to do so. Failure to follow any of the proctor’s instructions may result in your dismissal from the LSAT-Flex Test, cancellation of your LSAT-Flex Test and LSAT-Flex Test score, and/or the initiation of proceedings that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity. You may take an analog (nondigital) wristwatch to the LSAT-Flex Test. No other timepieces, including electronic timers (digital or nondigital), are allowed during the LSAT-Flex Test.
LSAT Test Candidates: The official time and time remaining for the applicable section of the LSAT Test will be tracked by the room supervisor during the LSAT Test. The announcement that there is five (5) minutes remaining will be provided by the room supervisor when there is five (5) minutes remaining before the end of each section of the LSAT Test. At no time and for any purpose are you permitted to return to any earlier section of the LSAT Test on your answer sheet. You are also prohibited from paging back or ahead to any other section in the LSAT Test book or navigating back on your Digital LSAT Test tablet. You must keep your LSAT Test book and LSAT Test answer sheet flat on the writing surface where you are seated. You may tip your LSAT Test tablet upward at an angle so long as the LSAT Test tablet is not positioned vertically. At the conclusion of the LSAT Test, you may not leave the LSAT Test room until all LSAT Test materials have been collected and accounted for. Failure to follow any of the room supervisor’s instructions may result in your dismissal from the LSAT Test center and/or the initiation of proceedings that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity. You may take an analog (nondigital) wristwatch to the LSAT Test center. No other timepieces, including electronic timers (digital or nondigital), are allowed in the LSAT Test center.
Rest Break During LSAT Test. A single fifteen (15) minute rest break is given after the third (3rd) section of the LSAT Test. All LSAT Test materials used for the LSAT Test will be collected before you are dismissed for the rest break. You may not leave the "vicinity" of the LSAT Test center during the rest break or otherwise, as defined by the LSAT Test room supervisor. You may not exit the building prior to the end of the LSAT Test. Cell phones and other prohibited items may not be accessed during the rest break. Food and beverages are permitted only during the scheduled rest break. Consuming food or beverages in the LSAT Test room at any other time is not permitted. You must keep your identification with you at all times during the LSAT Test rest break. You may be required to present your identification before continuing with the LSAT Test. Failure to follow any instructions contained in this provision may result in your dismissal from the LSAT Test center and/or the initiation of proceedings that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity.
No Rest Break During LSAT-Flex Test. You will not be entitled to a rest break during the LSAT-Flex Test.
Items Required for LSAT Test. You are required to bring the following items to the LSAT Test: (1) your unsigned LSAT Admission Ticket that includes the photo that you uploaded through your LSAC.org account (you are also required to provide your signature at the check-in table); (2) a physical, valid government-issued identification card that is current (or has expired within ninety (90) days of the date of your LSAT Test date) and contains a recent and recognizable photo; (3) up to four (4) sharpened No. 2 or HB pencils with good erasers. If you do not present both: (i) acceptable identification (as set forth on the Identification Accepted for LSAT Admission page at http://www.lsac.org/lsat/taking-lsat/lsat-test-center-admission-requirements/identification-accepted-lsat-admission) and (ii) the unsigned LSAT Admission Ticket (which includes the photo that you uploaded through your LSAC.org account) on the day of the LSAT Test, you will be denied entrance to the LSAT Test and will forfeit your LSAT Test registration and any LSAT Test registration fees paid by you. If you are denied admission, you will not be eligible for any refund.
LSAC may restrict the items you bring into the LSAT Test. In addition to the required items set forth in the paragraph above, you may bring the following items into the LSAT Test center so long as such items fit into a clear plastic ziplock bag (maximum size: 1 gallon/3.79 liters): physical, valid identification; wallet; keys; feminine hygiene/medical products; No. 2 or HB wooden pencils; an eraser (no erasers with sleeves); pencil sharpener; tissues; beverage in a plastic container or juice box (maximum size: 20 oz/591 ml; no aluminum cans or glass containers); highlighters; and snack for break only; provided, however, if you are taking the Digital LSAT Test, you are not permitted to bring a highlighter. All items must fit in the ziplock bag such that the bag can be sealed. You are permitted to wear an analog (nondigital) wristwatch. All items you bring into the LSAT Test center may be searched at the discretion of LSAT Test center staff. LSAC may confiscate and retain any item suspected of having been used or capable of being used in violation of this Agreement for a reasonable period of time. LSAC may also provide such items to and permit searches of such items by third parties in connection with an investigation conducted by LSAC or others. Neither LSAC nor LSAT Test staff shall be responsible for loss or damage to any items that you bring to the LSAT Test center. If you are taking the LSAT Test, your LSAT Test center may also have additional procedures with which you must comply.
Items Required for LSAT-Flex Test. You are required to bring a physical, valid government-issued identification that is current (or which has expired within ninety (90) days of the date of your LSAT-Flex Test) and contains a recent and recognizable photo to the LSAT-Flex Test. If you do not present an acceptable form of identification, you will be denied access to the LSAT-Flex Test and will forfeit your LSAT-Flex Test registration and any LSAT-Flex Test registration fees paid by you. If you are denied access to the LSAT-Flex Test, you will not be eligible for any refunds or reimbursement for any costs incurred by you related to the LSAT-Flex Test.
Items Permitted on Desktop During the LSAT Test. You may have only the following items during the LSAT Test on your desktop: tissues; physical, valid identification; LSAT Admission Ticket (prior to being collected); No. 2 or HB wooden pencils; eraser (no mechanical erasers or erasers with sleeves); pencil sharpener; highlighters; and analog (nondigital) wristwatch; provided, however, LSAT Test candidates taking the Digital LSAT Test shall not be permitted to have any highlighters. Food and beverages of any kind are not permitted on the desktop during the LSAT Test and may be accessed only during an approved break from the LSAT Test. If you are taking the Digital LSAT Test, you will be provided with a scratch paper booklet by the LSAT Test supervisor prior to the Digital LSAT Test. The LSAT Test supervisor will collect the scratch paper at the conclusion of the Digital LSAT Test. Failure to follow any instructions contained in this provision may result in your dismissal from the LSAT Test center and/or the initiation of proceedings that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity.
Items Permitted on Desktop During the LSAT-Flex Test. You may have only the following items during the LSAT-Flex Test on your desktop: tissues; five (5) blank sheets of scrap paper; valid identification; regular or mechanical pencils; ink pens; highlighters; an eraser (no mechanical erasers or erasers with sleeves); a pencil sharpener; soft, non-electronic, non-corded/banded, generic foam ear plugs (which shall be subject to prior inspection and approval by the LSAT-Flex Test proctor); beverage in plastic container or juice box (maximum size: 20 oz/591 ml); analog (nondigital) wristwatch. Notwithstanding the foregoing, electronic noise cancelling devices and/or other noise cancelling devices other than generic foam ear plugs approved by LSAC and/or LSAT-Flex Test personnel are expressly prohibited. Each of these items must be shown to the LSAT-Flex proctor during the security check-in procedure along with both sides of any scrap paper. Failure to follow any instructions contained in this provision may result in cancellation of the LSAT-Flex Test and/or the initiation of proceedings that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity.
Prohibition of Electronic Devices for LSAT Test. LSAC has a no-tolerance policy for the possession of electronic devices at the LSAT Test center. You are not permitted to bring any electronic device into the LSAT Test center. For purposes of this Section 14, electronic devices shall include, but shall not be limited to, timers of any kind (digital or nondigital), electronic cigarettes, fitness-tracking devices, digital watches, chronograph watches, alarm watches, beeping watches, calculator watches, calculators, photographic or recording devices, listening devices, headsets, iPods or other media players, cell phones, and personal computers. If you are discovered to be in possession of (or otherwise using) any electronic device, you may be issued an LSAT Violation Notice and will be dismissed from the LSAT Test center. Such violations will be grounds for LSAT score cancellation, and you may also be subject to an LSAC investigation that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity. LSAC will enforce this policy from the time you arrive at the LSAT Test center until the time you leave the LSAT Test center at the conclusion of the LSAT Test. This prohibition on electronic devices contained in this provision shall apply during any break from the LSAT Test. LSAC and LSAT Test staff assume no liability for any personal items you bring to the LSAT Test.
Prohibition of Electronic Devices for LSAT-Flex Test. You may bring one (1) cell phone to the LSAT-Flex Test to use as a mirror during check-in and in accordance with the instructions from your LSAT-Flex Test proctor and to communicate with the LSAT-Flex Test proctor in the event of any issue with your LSAT-Flex Test. Following the check-in process with your proctor, you must keep your cell phone in the room in which you are taking the LSAT-Flex Test; provided, however, your cell phone must be kept face down, out of arm’s reach, and at a distance and location where it is unable to capture any images on your computer screen. You are prohibited from possessing (or otherwise using) any of the following electronic devices during the LSAT-Flex Test: timers of any kind, electronic cigarettes, fitness-tracking devices, digital watches, calculator watches, chronograph watches (digital or nondigital), calculators, cameras, recording devices, listening devices (including, but not limited to headphones, ear buds, air pods, and other electronic listening devices and/or noise cancelling devices other than generic foam ear plugs), headsets, iPods, and other media players. In addition to the foregoing, please note that tablets, laptops, and personal computers not being used to take the LSAT-Flex Test are not permitted and are expressly prohibited in the LSAT-Flex Test room.
Please be aware that your LSAT-Flex Test proctor will not allow you to take the LSAT-Flex Test if any prohibited electronic devices are observed during the room scan portion of your check-in. This includes, but is not limited to, any separate monitors or desktop computers that are nearby during the LSAT-Flex Test. If your session is flagged for a violation during the LSAT-Flex Test, your audio and video data may be utilized by LSAC in any investigation of your conduct during the LSAT-Flex Test. If you are discovered to be in possession of (or otherwise using) a prohibited electronic device during the LSAT-Flex Test, you may be issued an LSAT Violation Notice and the proctor may terminate your LSAT-Flex Test session. Such violations will be grounds for score cancellation of the LSAT-Flex Test score, and you may be subject to an LSAC investigation that may lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity. LSAC will enforce this policy from the time LSAT-Flex Test candidates complete the security check-in procedure until the proctor announces the conclusion of the LSAT-Flex Test session.
Prohibited Items for LSAT Test. With respect to any candidate taking the LSAT Test, the items listed below in this Section 16 shall not be brought by you into the LSAT Test center. Any prohibited nonelectronic item brought by you into the LSAT Test center will be subject to confiscation by LSAT Test center staff and may result in the issuance of an LSAT Violation Notice by LSAC and/or LSAT Test center staff.
Any book, dictionary, paper of any kind, ruler, mechanical pencil, mechanical eraser or eraser with sleeves, ink pens or felt-tip markers, briefcases, handbags, backpacks of any kind, or earplugs.
Hats or hoods, except for those considered religious apparel.
Possession of weapons or firearms of any kind by you is grounds for immediate dismissal and shall be reported by LSAT Test staff to LSAC for investigation.
Prohibited Items for LSAT-Flex. At all times during the LSAT-Flex Test, you are required to follow the instructions given by the LSAT-Flex Test proctor. Any items that are not specifically permitted under Section 13 of the Agreement are explicitly prohibited and shall not be accessed or otherwise used by the candidate during the LSAT-Flex Test. Any suspicious behavior noted by the LSAT-Flex Test proctor will be grounds for immediate termination of your LSAT-Flex Test and may result in the issuance of an LSAT Violation Notice to you. Termination of your LSAT-Flex Test will result in your being subject to LSAC’s score cancellation polices and an LSAC investigation that could lead to a finding of misconduct or irregularity. Any finding of misconduct or irregularity may be shared with any law school to which you apply. With respect to any candidate taking the LSAT-Flex Test, the items listed below in this Section 17 may not be accessed or referenced during the administration of the LSAT-Flex Test; provided, however, you may keep such items in the room during the LSAT-Flex Test.
Briefcases, handbags, or backpacks of any kind
Hats or hoods, except for those considered religious apparel
Sunglasses, headphones, or any other devices that can be placed in the candidate’s ears
Books, printed materials, reference materials (including, but not limited to, any books, notes, whiteboards, calendars, notebooks, guides, flyers, or other outside materials), or notes prepared prior to the commencement of the LSAT-Flex Test
Please note that if someone else enters your room during the LSAT-Flex Test, you must ask them to leave the room immediately. If this situation arises, the proctor will determine, at the proctor’s discretion, if and when you will be permitted to continue taking the LSAT-Flex Test. Please note that entry of any person into the room during the LSAT-Flex Test will result in your LSAT-Flex Test being flagged for further review.
Other Prohibited Behaviors. You agree that you will not reproduce, recreate, distribute, or sell, or attempt to reproduce, recreate, distribute, or sell, any portion or all of the Test. You agree that during and after you take the Test, you will not discuss, disclose, copy, misappropriate, or otherwise share with anyone any information about the Test questions, Test answer choices, Test content, or any of LSAC’s intellectual property related to the Test, whether orally, in writing, on the Internet or via any other means or media, nor will you assist any person or entity in doing so. Any such discussion, sharing, disclosure, copying, or misappropriation could constitute a crime and may result in the pursuit of enforcement actions against you, to the fullest extent permitted at law, that could result in civil or criminal penalties.
In addition to the foregoing, you agree not to engage in any of the following behaviors in connection with taking the Test:
Filling in or altering responses to any multiple-choice questions or continuing to write or alter the essay after time has been called. This means that you cannot make any changes to a Test section outside of the designated time for that section, even to fix a stray mark or accidental keystroke.
Reviewing or otherwise looking at a Test section on which time has already been called.
Moving ahead in the Test to a section that is not yet authorized for you.
Looking at or requesting another person’s Test or answers.
Giving, receiving, or requesting assistance by any means.
Discussing or sharing Test questions, Test answers, or Test form identification numbers at any time, including during the Test administration, during any break, or after the Test.
Attempting to photograph, copy, or memorize Test-related information or removing Test materials, including any questions, answers, or notes, from the Test room in any way or at any time.
Removing, reproducing, or disclosing by any means (e.g., in hardcopy format, verbally, electronically) any Test materials to any person or entity either during or after the Test. Legal action may be taken against anyone who removes any Test material and/or reproduces or discloses any Test material in any way, or shares any Test content prior to LSAC’s disclosure of the applicable Test to the general public.
Disclosing Test questions or answers in any way or at any time, in whole or in part, including through social media.
Using colored pens or pencils, notes, dictionaries, or any other item that may aid or otherwise assist the candidate in the LSAT Test.
Not following instructions or abiding by the rules of LSAC or the Test center.
Exhibiting confrontational, threatening, or unruly behavior.
Violating any laws, statutes or regulations. (If LSAC suspects you have engaged in criminal activities in connection with a Test, such activities may be reported to law enforcement agencies.)
Smoking and/or vaping.
You may not leave the vicinity of the Test room during the Test session or during the break, except as directed by LSAC’s Test staff.
If taking the LSAT Test, allowing an alarm on a personal item to sound in the LSAT Test room or creating any other sound or disturbance that disturbs or otherwise distracts other LSAT Test candidates.
If taking the LSAT Test, contacting any LSAT Test staff for any reason or accessing or attempting to access any LSAT Test room prior to the LSAT Test.
If taking the LSAT-Flex Test, allowing your face to leave the view of your computer’s webcam.
If taking the LSAT-Flex Test, leaving your seat.
If taking the LSAT-Flex Test, operating or running any other software applications (unless pre-approved by LSAC).
If taking the LSAT-Flex Test, connecting or disconnecting any external storage device to your computer.
If taking the LSAT-Flex Test, copying, saving, attempting to copy, or attempting to save any LSAT-Flex Test material or written notes on your computer.
Use of Restrooms During the LSAT Test. You should use the restroom prior to checking in to the LSAT Test. After you check in to the LSAT Test, you will not be permitted to leave until after the start of the first (1st) section of the LSAT Test. If you must use the restroom during the LSAT Test, raise your hand and wait for permission from LSAT Test staff to leave the room. If you are taking the LSAT Test, all Test materials will be collected and held until you return from the restroom. You will not be entitled to extra LSAT Test time for time lost during any absence from the LSAT Test room. Only one person at a time is permitted to leave the LSAT Test room and any person that leaves the LSAT Test must be accompanied by a proctor. If you are granted permission to use the restroom during the LSAT Test, you must go directly to the restroom and must return to the LSAT Test room without visiting any other area of the LSAT Test center. No one may leave the vicinity of the LSAT Test center or otherwise exit the building where the LSAT Test is being held during the Test.
Use of Restrooms During the LSAT-Flex Test. You should use the restroom prior to checking in to the LSAT-Flex Test. After you check-in to the LSAT-Flex Test, you will not be permitted to leave the view of the camera angle until after the completion of LSAT-Flex Test. As indicated in Section 9 of this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any break during the LSAT-Flex Test.
Disability-Based Accommodations. Some of the testing terms, conditions, rules, or policies set forth in this Agreement may be modified if you are approved to receive disability-based testing accommodations on the Test. Any such modifications are limited to the testing accommodations specifically approved and listed in your Accommodation Letter, which shall be provided to you via your online LSAC account. LSAC and its vendors strive to satisfy the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 Level AA and related W3C guidelines for guidance in meeting accessibility commitments. For more information, you may access the LSAC Digital Accessibility Policy at http://www.lsac.org/about/lsac-policies/digital-accessibility-policy. If you encounter any barrier with any product or service during the Test, you must notify LSAC via email at accessibility@LSAC.org. If you have any questions about using assistive technology for the Test and require further assistance, please contact LSAC’s Technical Support Services via telephone at 215.968.1393. Since some technological issues require additional efforts to explain or remediate, you are strongly encouraged to raise such concerns as early as possible. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 21 shall not impact, sever, waive, or otherwise limit any other provision set forth in this Agreement.
Capturing Images, Video, or Voice Recordings at LSAT Test Centers and During LSAT-Flex. The third-party Test administrator may capture and use images, video, or voice recordings of you at the LSAT Test centers for the purpose of allowing LSAC to protect the integrity and security of the LSAT Test process, improving services, or other purposes as allowed under LSAC’s Privacy Policy and/or applicable law. The third-party Test administrator will capture and use images, video, or voice recordings of you during the LSAT-Flex Test using the webcam and screen capture footage from your computer for the purposes of allowing LSAC to prevent any candidate misconduct or irregularities or other purposes as allowed under LSAC’s Privacy Policy and/or applicable law.
Prohibited Behavior Observed or Suspected by Onsite LSAT Test Staff or LSAT-Flex Test Proctor. LSAT Test staff or third-party LSAT-Flex Test proctor will monitor you and others during the LSAT Test process. Your LSAT-Flex Test proctor will monitor you during the LSAT-Flex Test via your computer’s webcam. If you are observed or suspected of engaging in any prohibited behavior, the Test staff or LSAT-Flex Test proctor, as applicable, has the right to discontinue your Test and log their observations on an irregularity report and submit it to LSAC. LSAC reserves the right to review those irregularity reports and, at its sole discretion, take action in response, which may include not scoring your Test or canceling a score previously reported. Any such decision by LSAC is final. If your Test is cancelled pursuant to this Section 23, you forfeit your registration and no refund will be issued. LSAT Test staff and/or LSAT-Flex Test proctors are not required to notify you or give you a warning of any observed or suspected prohibited behavior.
Test Score Cancellation. The Test score cancellation option is available in your online LSAC account beginning at midnight (12:00 a.m. ET) on the day following your actual Test date and will remain accessible to you for a period of six (6) calendar days. The Test score cancellation option will expire at 11:59:59 p.m. ET on the sixth (6th) day. The Test score cancellation option can be accessed via your online account under the LSAT tab and the subheading “LSAT Status,” in the “Administration Date” column under the applicable Test date. After you have confirmed your intention to cancel your Test score, your Test score will be canceled for the applicable Test administration. Test score cancellation requests are irreversible and cannot be rescinded by you. LSAC will not honor or accept any Test score cancellation requests that are not submitted online via the mechanism set forth in this Section 24.
Decision not to Complete Test Due to Illness or Otherwise. If you become ill during any part of the Test, you may decide not to complete the Test. If you decide not to complete the Test, raise your hand and wait for permission to leave the Test. If you are taking the LSAT Test, all of your Test materials will be collected before you leave the LSAT Test room. If you leave the Test due to illness or for any other reason and decide not to complete the Test, you will not be permitted to re-start the Test for any reason and your Test registration fees will not be refunded. Please note that your Test score will not be automatically canceled if you decide to leave the Test early due to illness or for any other reason. You must cancel your score as set forth in Section 24 above.
Test Issues/Complaints/Feedback. LSAC administers the LSAT Test at hundreds of locations around the world. Although LSAC staff, third-party test administration staff, and local LSAT Test center supervisors (who are not LSAT staff) make every effort to provide a suitable Test-taking environment, LSAC cannot guarantee that conditions will be optimal at all LSAT Test administrations. Under no circumstances will LSAC be held responsible for the LSAT Test center conditions. If you encounter any issue during Test administration, and you wish to submit either a complaint or feedback to LSAC, you must follow the procedures outlined below for (a) complaints or (b) feedback, as applicable:
Complaints: If you want to submit an official Test complaint, you must enter the “LSAT Status” page of your LSAC account and click the “Submit a Test Day Complaint” link for the applicable Test administration. You may access the “LSAT Status” page by clicking on the “View LSAT Registrations & Statuses” button on your LSAC account dashboard. If you submit an official Test complaint, LSAC will investigate your issue and concerns. During any such investigation of a complaint, LSAC will place a hold on your file, which may result in a delay in the reporting of your Test score and CAS law school reports. If you elect to submit an official Test complaint, you will be able to elect whether to keep your Test score or cancel your Test score following LSAC’s review of your complaint. If LSAC’s investigation confirms that your complaint is valid and you decide to cancel your Test score, you will receive a coupon to use for free registration fees for a future Test. If LSAC does not confirm that your complaint is valid, you will be able to elect whether to keep your Test score or cancel your Test score following LSAC’s review of your complaint; provided, however, you will not receive a coupon for free registration fees for a future Test. Your complaint must be received within six (6) calendar days after the date of your Test to be valid for review by LSAC. If you witness or suspect a security violation before, during, or after the Test, please email LSAC at testsecurity@LSAC.org.
Feedback. If you want to submit feedback rather than an official Test complaint, you must enter the “LSAT Status” page of your LSAC account and click the “Submit a Test Day Complaint” link for the applicable Test administration. You may access the “LSAT Status” page by clicking on the “View LSAT Registrations & Statuses” button on your LSAC account dashboard. In your submission, it is your responsibility and obligation to indicate that you would like LSAC to classify your issue as “feedback” rather than as a “complaint.” Your indication that the communication is to be regarded as “feedback” rather than as a “complaint” is necessary to prevent the placement of a hold on your LSAC file. If you submit feedback, LSAC will use the information you provide to help improve the Test experience going forward and LSAC will not place a hold on your LSAC file and no additional remedies (e.g., extension of the cancellation period, or a coupon for the registration fees for a future Test, etc.) will be provided to you. Your feedback must be received within six (6) calendar days after the date of your Test to be valid for review by LSAC.
Compromises in the Registration, Testing, Test Scoring, or Test Score Reporting Processes, and Group Irregularities. LSAC takes significant steps that are intended to provide you a fair, standardized Test process. However, circumstances may prevent this from occurring in some cases. Those circumstances may include, but are not limited to:
Deviations from standard testing procedures such as events that cause testing at a Test center or testing through LSAT-Flex Test to be canceled or interrupted, or a mistiming on any part of the Test;
Errors, delays, or other nonstandard circumstances in (a) processing Test registrations, (b) administering the Test, (c) preparing, handling, shipping, processing, or scoring the Test, or (d) reporting Test scores;
Circumstances that raise concerns about the possibility of prohibited behavior that may have affected a group of candidates (e.g., candidates who take the Test in the same room or center where the prohibited behavior occurred); such circumstances include, but are not limited to, evidence of advance access to Test content or inappropriate conduct during any Test administration; or
Any other events that disrupt or compromise any part of the Test process (e.g., registration, Test distribution, testing, Test scoring, and Test score reporting).
In the unlikely event such a circumstance occurs, LSAC will review the situation and determine whether it needs to take any action, including but not limited to not scoring the Test or canceling the Test scores. If LSAC determines that it needs to take action, LSAC will, at its sole discretion: (a) correct the error (if an error occurred and LSAC believes correction is feasible), (b) not score the Test or cancel the Test score and offer each affected person the option to re-Test at no additional fee, or (c) not score the Test or cancel the Test score and offer a refund.
The remedies listed in this Section 27 are the exclusive remedies available to candidates for the circumstances described in this Section 27.
Decisions made by LSAC pursuant to this Section 27 are final. If LSAC offers a re-Test and you select that option, you must retake the entire Test, in its whole, to produce a valid Test score.
Test Security Investigations. As part of its efforts to protect the fairness of the Test and the integrity of Test scores, LSAC may conduct investigations into the security of its Test materials and the Test process (collectively “Test Security Investigations”). You agree to cooperate with any Test Security Investigation. LSAC reserves the right to withhold and not report any Test score pending the outcome of a Test Security Investigation. Sometimes, Test Security Investigations may produce evidence that calls into question the validity of specific scores and cause LSAC to initiate a misconduct or irregularity action against the candidate. In other cases, investigations may produce evidence that calls into question the validity of a group of scores (e.g., all scores achieved from a Test center on a specific Test date), and results in LSAC taking action with respect to that group.
In addition to taking action regarding any candidate’s Test score, LSAC may, at its sole discretion, decide as part of a Test Security Investigation that additional steps are appropriate, such as when prohibited behavior is or might be ongoing or rises to the level of a criminal act (e.g., coordinated group efforts to steal and disseminate LSAC’s secure Test content; activities involving someone else taking the Test for another person or altering Test responses; theft; disclosure of, or access to, Test content or responses to secure Test questions; or other serious or potentially ongoing misconduct). Those additional steps include, but are not limited to the following:
Prohibiting You from Taking the Test: LSAC may prohibit you from taking the Test, even if you have already registered for the Test, if LSAC has reason to believe (I) you engaged in prohibited behavior in connection with a prior or future administration of the Test, (ii) you intend to engage in prohibited behaviors in the future, (iii) you have provided false or misleading information to LSAC or to others relating to your taking of the Test, or (iv) you are working for or on behalf of a Test preparation provider. This prohibition may be temporary or permanent at LSAC's exclusive discretion.
Disclosure of Investigative Information: LSAC reserves the right to disclose details of a Test Security Investigation to anyone who may be able to assist LSAC in the investigation or who may have an interest in their own independent investigation. This includes, but is not limited to, law enforcement, law schools, score recipients, and any third party assisting LSAC in the investigation. These disclosure rights aid in protecting the integrity and fairness of the Test process and benefit candidates and Test score recipients who properly obtain their Test scores. By entering into this Agreement, you consent to these disclosures and release LSAC from any and all liability for exercising its right to make such disclosures. LSAC may also disclose the evidence on which any finding is based (including, but not limited to, any audio/video recordings of the Test) to any law school that receives your Test scores.
Disclosure of Misconduct Finding: If you are found by LSAC to have engaged in any act that is prohibited under this Agreement that affects, impacts, or otherwise impairs the validity of your scores on the Test or the scores of any other candidate(s) taking the Test, LSAC may disclose such conduct to any law school that receives your Test scores and to any third party with a legitimate reason for knowing that information.
Delivery of Candidate’s Test Scores. You will automatically receive your Test score by email to the email address provided on your LSAC.org account. The Test score report and related Test documents will also be available in your online account. It is your responsibility and obligation to keep your email and mailing addresses in your LSAC file complete and accurate to ensure the proper delivery of your Test score. Your Test score reports may be delayed due to various circumstances including file holds, late receipt of Test materials, or other issues.
Please note that all Test administrations outside of the United States of America and Canada and all special Test administrations will not be disclosed to the candidates in such regions. Please view the list of disclosed and nondisclosed Test administrations at http://www.lsac.org/lsat/taking-lsat/lsat-scoring/disclosed-nondisclosed-lsats. Please note that all Test administrations outside of the United States of America and Canada and all special Test administrations will be considered as nondisclosed Test administrations to such candidates. If you take a nondisclosed Test, you will receive only your Test score following the Test. You will not receive Test disclosure information, such as a copy of the Test questions, a list of the correct and the credited Test responses, a copy of your Test answer sheet, or the score-conversion table for your Test.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LSAC’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU, OR ANYONE CLAIMING BY OR THROUGH YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF, FOR ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, COSTS, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM, OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE TEST, FROM ANY CAUSE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TEST REGISTRATION FEES YOU PAID TO LSAC, OR $200, WHICHEVER AMOUNT SHALL BE GREATER. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LSAC BE LIABLE TO YOU, OR ANYONE CLAIMING BY OR THROUGH YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF, FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECULATIVE, INCIDENTAL (INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES INCURRED DUE TO A LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY, INCOME, OR PROFITS; LOSS OF INFORMATION; BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; TRAVEL AND LODGING EXPENSES; TEST-PREPARATION COURSE FEES; OR THE LIKE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR HOW THESE ARE CLASSIFIED AS DAMAGES), EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR FOR ATTORNEYS’ FEES, EXPENSES, EXPERT WITNESS FEES, OR COSTS, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE OR YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.
LSAC’s Intellectual Property Rights. All Tests, Test-related documents and materials, and Test preparation materials are copyrighted works owned by LSAC and protected by the laws of the United States and other countries. Secure Tests and Test questions (e.g., Tests and Test questions that are not made available by LSAC to the general public) may not be copied, shared, discussed, or disclosed at any time or in any manner whatsoever. Test-related materials that LSAC has made available to the general public, such as materials designated by LSAC as practice or sample Tests, may not be copied, duplicated, or used in any other works, in whole or in part, without the prior written approval of LSAC.
Consequences for Violation of LSAC’s Rights: LSAC may pursue all available civil and criminal remedies if its intellectual property rights are violated, including seeking damages and injunctive relief in a court of law and referring such violations to law enforcement authorities for criminal prosecution. LSAC reserves the right to pursue all suitable courses of action to prevent fraudulent or unauthorized use, disclosure, copying, misappropriation, or sharing of its property and to prevent the compromise of secure Test materials.
LSAC Ownership of Test Materials: LSAC retains complete ownership rights to the Test and all Test materials, including Test answers. LSAC owns all answers and answer documents you submit, including all written responses, as well as all Test score-related data maintained by LSAC. Test score reports that LSAC provides you may not be altered, and, if LSAC cancels the Test scores reflected on such Test score reports, you may not provide such Test scores or Test score reports to any third party.
LSAC Policies. All LSAC policies referenced in this Agreement, including but not limited to the LSAC Privacy Policy available at http://www.lsac.org/about/lsac-policies/privacy-policy, are incorporated by reference and made a part of this Agreement. LSAC’s policies are periodically updated and subject to change at any time, without notice. You have an obligation to read the policies before you take the Test. If you do not agree with the applicable policies that are in effect within forty-eight (48) hours prior to your Test date, you must notify LSAC prior to the Test of your intent to cancel your registration pursuant to this provision. At its sole discretion, LSAC may elect to provide a refund in the event of such Test cancellation. Any questions should be directed to LSAC’s Candidate Services at http://www.lsac.org/form/contact-candidate-services in advance of the applicable Test date. Notification of your intent to cancel your registration pursuant to this provision should likewise be directed to LSAC’s Candidate Services.
Ongoing Duty. You certify that all the information contained in this Agreement, as well as information and materials submitted to LSAC for your LSAC file (including your self-managed account at LSAC.org) and any information you submit to any third party for purposes of taking the Test, are complete and accurate. You understand that you are responsible for the completeness and accuracy of all the biographical information contained in this Agreement. You certify that you have read the most current policies at LSAC.org and agree to be bound by such policies. Your LSAC.org account provides a great deal of information about your activity with LSAC and with the law schools to which you apply. It is your responsibility to manage your account actively to ensure that all relevant information is received, that all information is current and correct, and that all deadlines are met by you. You represent and warrant that all information provided by you to register for your LSAC.org account is complete, accurate, and current. It is your responsibility to make sure all biographical information in your LSAC file is correct, accurate, and consistent (e.g., name, date of birth, Social Security/Social Insurance number, and LSAC account number). Any changes to your name, date of birth, and/or Social Security/Social Insurance number must be submitted to LSAC in writing and shall be signed by you. All requests must also include a copy of your identification for verification purposes. Requests received without a copy of your identification will not be processed. All requests must be faxed to 215-968-1119 or scanned and emailed to LSACbio@LSAC.org or mailed to LSAC, 662 Penn Street, PO Box 2000-C, Newtown, PA 18940. You must use the LSAC Biographical Changes Form, which can be downloaded at http://www.lsac.org/document-library/44. Your failure to provide accurate and consistent information could result in errors, processing delays, file reviews and possible referral for a misconduct or irregularity investigation. Should LSAC become aware of a discrepancy in your biographical data, you will be notified in writing and asked to provide the correct data in writing. In some instances, a reporting hold may be placed on your file until the matter is resolved. You might also be asked to provide documentation to support the biographical data change.
Governing Law. These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, USA, without giving effect to choice of law principles, and shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention for International Sales of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.
Severability. If any provision or part of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will nevertheless continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way; and, to the greatest extent possible, the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision shall be modified so that it is valid, legal, enforceable and, to the fullest extent possible, reflects the intention of the parties.
No Third-Party Beneficiary. This Agreement does not create a third-party beneficiary relationship between LSAC and any individual or entity other than you.
No Agency. LSAC collects and distributes information about you and transmits it to law schools in accordance with LSAC’s policies. LSAC also provides you with information about law schools. LSAC's role in the collection and transmission of information does not mean that LSAC is your agent or an agent of any law school. LSAC has no authority to alter or waive any requirement of any law school. Any disputes between you and a law school must be resolved directly with the applicable law school.
Certifying Statement for LSAT Test Candidates. If you are taking the LSAT Test, you will be required to write a statement and sign the Certifying Statement on both your LSAT Admission Ticket and answer sheet attesting that the person taking the LSAT Test is the person whose name appears on these forms and that you are taking the LSAT Test for the sole purpose of admission to law school. You will certify further that you will neither assist nor receive any assistance from any other candidate; that you will not use any notes, manuals, or other aids whatsoever during the LSAT Test; and that you will not copy or retain LSAT Test questions or transmit them in any form to any other person. You will certify that you are not taking a cell phone or other prohibited items into the LSAT Test center. Failure to write and sign the statements on your LSAT Admission Ticket and answer sheet, or modifying the Certifying Statement in any way, will result in a hold on your LSAC file and possibly a delay in reporting your score.
Certifying Statement for LSAT-Flex Test Candidates. If you are taking the LSAT-Flex Test, you will be required to read the Certifying Statement aloud to the proctor and asked to check the box for the Certifying Statement indicating that you acknowledge and agree with the Certifying Statement. If you do not read the Certifying Statement aloud and check the box to affirm and acknowledge the Certifying Statement for the LSAT-Flex Test, you will not be permitted to take the LSAT-Flex Test.
Notice. By entering into this Agreement, you consent to the delivery of any legally required notices to the email address associated with your LSAC.org account at the time such notice is sent to you.
Accessibility of this Agreement. If you have difficulty accessing this Agreement and/or any of the LSAC Policies referred to in this Agreement, please contact LSAC’s contact and support at accessibility@LSAC.org in advance of registering for or taking the Test. LSAC will be happy to provide this Agreement in an alternative format, or to assist you in some other manner as is reasonably necessary to enable you to access this Agreement.
The LSAT
Test Dates, Deadlines & Score Release Dates
Find a Test Center
Taking the LSAT
About the LSAT-Flex
About LSAT Writing
Test Center Admission Requirements
LSAC Candidate Agreement
Test Day Complaints & Feedback
Scoring
Spanish LSAT
LSAT FAQs
Test Takers with Disabilities
LSAT Prep