http://www.jci.cc/en/privacy
Toggle navigationAboutNewsEventsProjectsConnectLoginSign UpEnglish EnglishEspañol; castellanoFrançais
Privacy PolicyJunior Chamber International (JCI) is a worldwide community of young active citizens ages 18-40 who share the belief that in order to create positive change, we must take collective action to improve ourselves and the world around us. Engaging in activities ranging from community development to international projects, members demonstrate their social responsibility and improve themselves through participation, leadership and action. The global citizens of JCI are committed to becoming better leaders to build better societies.The Jaycees International (JCI) Foundation is a not-for-profit corporation that is supported solely by voluntary contributions from JCI members and friends of the foundation who share a vision for a better world. Together, these two entities are collectively referred to as JCI in this privacy statement. In the course of fulfilling its mission of supporting JCI members, National Organizations and Local Organizations, JCI collects personal information regarding the individuals it serves. JCI is committed to maintaining the privacy of these individuals.JCI has adopted this privacy statement to affirm this commitment and to assure transparency in how it collects, retains and uses personal information.AccountabilityWe have designated a Privacy Officer who is accountable for our compliance with this policy. The Privacy Officer’s contact information is below. What is personal information?Personal information is information that identifies and describes a JCI member or other individual, including but not limited to name, contact information, date of birth and email address. PurposesWhen collecting personal information, we will state the purpose of collection and will provide, on request, contact information for the Privacy Officer who can answer questions about the collection. We may collect various information from you, including your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, photograph, credit card details, preferred means of communication, your interaction with our website, social media sites and mobile applications.We collect, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
Financial processing, including, but not limited to, billing and payments.
Supporting the Jaycees International (JCI) Foundation, including, but not limited to, fund development, grants, awards, recognition and promotion.
Tracking membership trends, identifying JCI members for advancement to leadership positions and supporting membership renewals.
Communicating key organizational messages through JCI publications and appropriate JCI, National and Local officers.
Facilitating the planning and operation of international conventions and other meetings and special events.
Supporting and further developing programs and activities.
Facilitating participation in programs and activities.
Communicating information to non-JCI members, including, but not limited to, alumni and senators.
for other purposes we may inform you about from time-to-time.
When your personal information is to be used for a purpose not previously identified, the new purpose will be disclosed to you prior to such use, and your consent will be sought unless the use is authorized or required by law.We may work with other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as website hosting services, payment processing services and product delivery services. Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service in question, and they will be required to maintain the confidentiality of that information.CookiesWe may use cookies to collect your personal information. Cookies are unique identifiers which are used to customize your website, mobile application or social media site experience. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept the cookie. A cookie does not tell us who you are, your email address, or any other personal information. We use the information it provides to help us improve our website, mobile application, social media site and our services, and to provide our visitors with a better visit. Even without accepting a cookie you can still access many of the features on the site. There may, however, be limitations on your use of some site functions.When JCI may disclose personal information to othersJCI may disclose personal information about JCI members and other individuals to others as necessary to facilitate the purposes of JCI.Further, at the direction of the JCI Board of Directors and the Board of Directors of the Jaycees International (JCI) Foundation, JCI may occasionally participate in special advertising and/or marketing initiatives that involve the release of personal information. JCI will notify affected JCI members about these initiatives and give them the opportunity to decline participation.We will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties, and we will obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose personal information except where we are authorized or required by law to do so without consent. For example, we may collect, use or disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent where:
the information is publicly available, as defined by statute or regulation;
we are obtaining legal advice; or
we reasonably expect that obtaining consent would compromise an investigation or proceeding.
Your consent can be express, implied or given through an authorized representative such as a lawyer, agent or broker.Consent may be provided orally, in writing, electronically, through inaction (such as when you fail to notify us that you do not wish your personal information collected/used/disclosed for various purposes after you have received notice of those purposes) or otherwise.You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal, contractual and other restrictions, provided that you give reasonable notice of withdrawal of consent to us. On receipt of notice of withdrawal of consent, we will inform you of the likely consequences of the withdrawal of consent, which may include our inability to provide certain services for which that information is necessary.Any material, information or other communication (including questions, comments and suggestions) you transmit to us through our website, social media sites or other online sites, or mobile applications will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. We may forward your communications and other personal information to any of our offices or partners throughout the world in connection with any services you request, or in connection with any communications you wish to have with us, and you consent to us doing so.Limits on CollectionWe will not collect information indiscriminately and will limit collection of information to that which is reasonable and necessary for the above purposes. We will also collect information as is otherwise authorized by law.Limits on Using, Disclosing and Retaining Personal InformationWe will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes set out above and as authorized by law.We will take due care when destroying personal information so as to prevent unauthorized access to the information.AccuracyWe will make a reasonable effort to ensure that personal information we are using or disclosing is accurate and complete. In some cases, we rely on you to ensure that certain information, such as your email address, is current, complete and accurate.SafeguardsWe protect the personal information in our custody or control by making reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.We will take reasonable steps, through contractual or other reasonable means, to ensure that a comparable level of personal information protection is implemented by the suppliers and agents who assist in providing services to you. However, confidentiality and security are not assured when information is transmitted electronically.Providing AccessUpon written request and authentication of identity, we will provide you with your other personal information under our control, information about the ways in which that information is being used and a description of the individuals and organizations to whom that information has been disclosed. We will make the information available within 30 days or provide written notice where additional time is required to fulfil the request.In some situations, we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information. This may be the case where, for example, disclosure would reveal personal information about another individual, the personal information is protected by solicitor/client privilege, the information was collected for the purpose of an investigation or where disclosure of the information would reveal confidential commercial information that, if disclosed, could harm our competitive position. We may also be prevented by law from providing access to certain personal information.Where an access request is refused, we will notify you in writing, document the reasons for refusal and outline further steps which are available to you.Links to other WebsitesOur website, social media sites and mobile applications may contain links to websites of third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites.ComplaintsUpon your request, we will provide information regarding our complaint procedures.Any inquiries, complaints or questions regarding this policy or our compliance with privacy legislation should be directed in writing to us.Privacy OfficerJCI World Headquarters15645 Olive BlvdChesterfield MO 63017USA privacy@jci.ccChangesIn its effort to ensure that JCI is following appropriate privacy standards, JCI will periodically review and update as appropriate its privacy policy.