http://www.totallylegal.com/terms-and-conditions/
This website uses cookies to improve service and deliver a personalised user experience. By using this site, you agree to our cookie policy
Dismiss
Skip to main content
x
Totally Legal
FREE - On the Play Store
View
-->
Terms & Conditions
Please read this agreement carefully.  It sets out the terms under which Reach Work Ltd offers you use of its services as defined in Clause 1.1 of this agreement by means of TotallyLegal (the "website"). By using any of the services and/or the website you are deemed to accept these terms and conditions. This Agreement is made between you and Reach Work Ltd whose registered office is:
ONE CANADA SQUARE
CANARY WHARF LONDON
E14 5AP
Company No. 01904765
1 The Services
1.1
TotallyLegal is a website where recruiters place advertisements for vacancies which they have and  jobseekers may submit responses to such vacancies (the "Services").
1.2
Please note that when responding to recruiters you will be dealing with them directly and as such any contracts and/or arrangements will be formed between you and them, without TotallyLegal as a party and TotallyLegal cannot be held liable for your use of or any liability arising out of the same (save to the extent required by law). To the extent that TotallyLegal is a data controller of your personal data your attention is drawn to our Privacy Notice.
2 Use of the Website and the Services
2.1
The Website and the Services are for personal and non-commercial use only. You may copy electronically and print portions of the Website and/or the Services for your personal, non-commercial use only. In particular, you may not use any information from any directory or other listing or information retrieval service (if any) made available on the Website and/or the Services, in connection with any business or commercial undertaking (whether or not for profit). Any other use of materials on the Website and/or the Services (including without limitation reproduction for a purpose other than that noted above and any modification, distribution or republication) without the prior written permission of TotallyLegal is strictly prohibited. You also agree not to deep-link and/or frame the Website or any of the Services for any purpose, unless specifically authorised by TotallyLegal to do so.
2.2
You agree that you shall not use the Website or the Services to transmit or receive (or authorise or permit any other person to receive or transmit) material which is obscene, threatening, offensive, defamatory, abusive, untrue, in breach of confidence, in breach of any intellectual property right (including copyright) or which may cause anxiety to others including racist or sexist content or material which otherwise violates any applicable law or regulation or code, or which makes excessive demands for bandwidth or contains any virus or which may otherwise impair or harm TotallyLegal's computer systems or any third party computer system.
2.3
By using the Services you automatically and hereby grant to TotallyLegal a royalty free right to display, copy, reproduce and make available on the Website and otherwise deal with as necessary to provide to you the Services any material and information which you may provide to TotallyLegal through your use of the Services.
2.4
Save to the extent required by law, no representations, warranties or terms of any kind are made in respect of the Website and/or the Services or their contents (including, without limitation, any views or comment made). All information and/or data included in and/or on the Website, the Services and/or in any directory or other listings or information retrieval service made available on or by the Website and/or the Services has been so made available for guidance only. Your use of such information and/or data is therefore entirely at your own risk. All liability of TotallyLegal, its directors, employees or other representatives howsoever arising for any loss suffered as a result of your use of the Website and/or the Services is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
2.5
TotallyLegal make no warranty that the contents of any and all emails communicated through the Site are free from infection by viruses or anything else which has contaminating or destructive properties and shall have no liability in respect thereof.
2.6
The Website and/or the Services may include links to websites and/or services owned and/or operated by third parties. These are provided for your convenience only and TotallyLegal is not responsible for and does not give any warranties or make any representations regarding any such websites and/or services and is not responsible for or liable in relation to the content or your use of such websites (save to the extent required by law).
2.7
You acknowledge that TotallyLegal is not responsible for third party content on the Website and that TotallyLegal cannot ensure that material presented via the Internet is legal. TotallyLegal will not limit access to material unless notified that it is illegal. In particular, you acknowledge that TotallyLegal is not responsible for and does not monitor the content of job postings provided by third parties on the Website. However, TotallyLegal shall have the right to remove any postings, materials or other items on the Website which it believes may be illegal or which it determines to be inappropriate.
2.8
TotallyLegal will not be a party to any communications whatsoever between you and those responding to any use which you may make of the Services, although TotallyLegal reserves the right to monitor any such communications which are made by you or third parties by means of the Website and/or the Services to the extent permitted or required by law.
2.9 Intellectual Property
Save to the extent permitted by this Agreement, TotallyLegal does not grant any licence or other authorisation to use any of its trade marks, product names, company names or logos or any of its copyright works or other intellectual property rights by placing them on or making them available by means of the Website or the Services.
3 Availability of the Website and the Service
TotallyLegal does not promise full, uninterrupted or error free operation of the Website and/or the Services. All liability of TotallyLegal, its directors or employees howsoever arising for any loss whatsoever arising from your use of or inability to use the Website and/or the Services is excluded, insofar as it is possible to do so in law.
4 Registration
Where you are asked to complete a registration form the personal details that you provide must be true, accurate and complete. You agree to notify us of any changes which are relevant to your registration.
5 Data Protection and Use of Personal Information
Your personal data will be collected and processed by TotallyLegal in accordance with our Privacy Policy (Read our Privacy Policy here). The personal data collected may include, without limitation, your name, address, telephone and email address and other data obtained from you from time to time.
6 Termination
TotallyLegal may terminate, suspend or deny you access to the Website and/or Services immediately for any reason without incurring any liability whatsoever to you.
7 Claims
You agree to indemnify TotallyLegal and all companies within the TotallyLegal group for all losses, costs, actions, claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) or liabilities, whatsoever suffered or incurred by TotallyLegal or companies within Reach plc in or as a consequence of your breach of any provision of this Agreement and/or your use of the Website and/or Services (save to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such a claim arose due to an act or omission of TotallyLegal).
8 Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other, for any loss or damage which may be suffered by the other party due to any cause beyond the first party's reasonable control including without limitation any power failure.
9 Notices
Any notices shall, unless otherwise expressly stated, be in writing and shall be given by sending the same by email or first class post to the other party's address as may be designated in writing from time to time. Any notice sent by first class post shall be deemed (in the absence of evidence of early receipt) to have been delivered two days after dispatch. Any notice given by email shall be deemed to have been delivered on the next working day following transmission.
10 Assignment
10.1
This Agreement shall be personal to you and you may not assign, transfer, sublet, lease or delegate all or any of your rights and obligations, without TotallyLegal's prior written consent.
10.2
TotallyLegal reserves the right to assign or transfer all or any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any companies in the same group as Reach plc or any other third party. In the event of assignment or transfer, notification will either be given to you by e-mail or posted on the Website.
11 No Waiver
Failure or neglect by either party to exercise or enforce any right conferred shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such right nor operate so as to bar that exercise or enforcement thereof or of any other right on any later occasion.
12 Severability
If any provision of this Agreement or part thereof is determined to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, such provision, or part thereof, shall be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
13 Variation of Terms
13.1
This Agreement (together with any variations to it pursuant to clause 13.2) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in respect of its subject matter.
13.2
TotallyLegal reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time. Changes in this manner shall be deemed to have been accepted if you continue to use the Website and/or the Services following this amendment.
14 Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.