https://www.nwica.org/privacy-policy
about NWA
|
contact
|
faq
|
log-in
|
store
DONATE to NWA
WIC Basics
The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC) is a public health nutrition program under the USDA providing nutrition education, nutritious foods, breastfeeding support, and healthcare referrals for income-eligible women who are pregnant or post-partum, infants, and children up to age 5.
The WIC Program
Overview and History
NWA's Role with WIC
FAQ / Glossary
How Do I Apply for WIC
WIC State Factsheets
Learn about the WIC program in each State, get contact information, and view the state factsheet.
News
This section features the lastest news and blog posts about WIC. You can also sign-up for email updates.
Washington Update
Subscribe to Washington Update
News & Blog
December 7, 2020
Why Your Gift Matters: Supporting Healthy Families Through WIC
December 2, 2020
Why Your Gift Matters: Supporting WIC’s Essential Workers
» All Posts
Events
Register for NWA's Conferences.
Events
Annual Conferences
Leadership Conferences
Biennial Technology and Program Integrity Conferences
Biennial Nutrition and Breastfeeding Conferences
» All Upcoming Events
» Past Events
Other Events
Board Meetings
Advocacy
Visit NWA's Advocacy Central to email Congress and learn other ways you can help with advocacy efforts. To learn about the latest policy news, check out our blog.
Latest Campaigns
WIC Waiver Extension Toolkit » View All Campaigns
Advocacy Resources
WIC Advocacy Toolkit
WIC Legislative and Appropriations Agenda
WIC Policy Priorities
WIC Nutrition & Public Health Policy Priorities
State Advocacy Priorities
WIC Funding Basics
NWA Publications (fact sheets, etc.)
Resources
View all of NWA’s publications, including fact sheets, position papers, toolkits, and other materials.
Resources
COVID-19 Resources
Position Papers and Fact Sheets
WIC Research Activities
WIC Job Postings
Education
Membership
Become a member of NWA and invest in a community that provides quality nutrition education, breastfeeding support, health care and other referral services for 7 million nutritionally at-risk mothers and young children.
» Benefits and Levels
» FAQ
» Renew / Apply
» Member Benefit Fund
Existing Members
Log-In
New Member Guide
Join a Committee/Task Force
SignUpWIC.com
WIC Hub New
Donate
Home
WIC Basics
Overview and History
NWA's Role with WIC
FAQ / Glossary
How Do I Apply for WIC
WIC State Factsheets
News
News & Blog
Washington Update
Events
Advocacy
Resources
COVID-19 Resources
Position Papers and Fact Sheets
WIC Research Activities
WIC Job Postings
Education
Membership
Benefits and Levels
FAQ
Renew / Apply
Log-In
The WIC Hub
Home
Search Research & Data
Search Advocacy Tools
Search Practice & Program Materials
Donate
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Aug 27, 2013
See the TERMS referenced throughout here.
We take your privacy very seriously.  Your Information and Your Data are subject to our “Privacy Policy.”  By using the Website you agree to and consent to the collection and use of Your Information and Your Data by us as described herein.
Some terms used herein are defined in the last paragraph of this Privacy Policy.  Please refer below for definitions.
This Privacy Policy may be amended by us from time to time without notice to you.  You will periodically review the controlling version of this Privacy Policy, and by continuing to use the Website and Service subsequent to our making available an amended version of this Privacy Policy, you thereby acknowledge, agree and consent to such amendment.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.  In fact, we do not offer the Website to anyone under the age of 13.  If you are under 13, please do not submit any information.
We collect information from you when you register on the Website, post a comment or reply to a comment, save a search, or send a message through the internal email system on the Website.  We may also collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings or most-recently visited URL.  We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us.  The types of information that may be requested include without limitation your name, address, email address, basic professional and/or academic information, Twitter or Facebook usernames or other usernames and aliases used for purposes of linking to and/or posting on your social media accounts, and if you choose to make a purchase or register for conferences on our website, credit card information. Your name, email address, professional or academic information and other information you disclose in your National WIC Association profile and on discussion forums on the Website is viewable by other registered system users.
When you use the Website, we might insert some instructions on your computer, tablet, mobile or other device.  These instructions will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file.  Cookies are small pieces of instruction stored on your hard drive or device, not on our Website.  Cookies may help you navigate the Website as easily as possible.  We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to prevent you from having to reenter your username and password each time you access the Website.  You can delete these cookies by changing your privacy preferences in your internet browser.
We typically use Your Information and Your Data for the purpose of providing you the Website and Service, to personalize your experience (e.g., to enable your “saved search” and inbox), to offer you additional services from us or from others that may be of interest to you, to send periodic emails to connect you with other users or to communicate updates, to respond to your inquiries or requests, and to improve the design and performance of the Website.
You may opt out of receiving email communications by clicking “unsubscribe” from an email sent to you by us or any third party.
We may disclose Your Information, Content and Your Data if, among other things, we are required to do so by law or if acting with a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with legal process; (2) enforce the TERMS; (3) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (4) respond to your requests for customer service; or (5) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the public.
The Service has physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to Your Information and Your Data.  Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Your Information and Your Data, we cannot assure you that Your Information (including your personally identifiable information ) that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
The Service may contain links to other web sites, including governmental and non-governmental websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.  Third parties may display advertisements on the Service and on such web sites.  These advertisements may contain cookies.  These third parties may collect information or insert cookies without our knowledge.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and incorporated by reference into the TERMS available at nwica.org, and should be interpreted consistent therewith.  If you believe that we have violated this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 202-232-5492, or you may pursue binding arbitration pursuant to the TERMS.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and incorporated by reference into the TERMS available at nwica.org, and should be interpreted consistent therewith.
“Content” refers to Your Information and Your Data, as well as data, or content of any kind, uploaded, posted, made available, shared or transmitted by you or another user to or through the Service.
“we” or “us” or “our” refer to National WIC Association, its successors, assigns, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors/licensees.
“Website and Service” refer to the content, features and functionality (“Service”) made available to users at the Internet website located at the URL [www.nwica.org] and its accompanying pages, as well as via email communications, mobile applications and other media now existing or hereafter devised (“Website”).
“Your Information” refers to information submitted to us by you including your name and email address.
“Your Data” refers to data we collect about you through your use of the Website, including your IP address or other non-personally identifiable information.
×
Log In to the Members-Only Area
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Don't have an account? Create one.