http://www.breakingthrough.org/index.php/privacy-policy
Breakingthrough.org Privacy Policy
Breaking Through, the publisher of Breakingthrough.org, is committed to protecting your privacy. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to let you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy.
The following policies are only in effect for the web pages, newsletters, discussion lists and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by Breaking Through.
What information are we collecting and how are we collecting it?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol” IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Breakingthrough.org Network, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, but do not collect and evaluate this information for individuals.
What are cookies?
From time to time, Breakingthrough.org may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of Breakingthrough.org you have visited or customized, so that in time we may provide a better and more personalized experience for you.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
What other information do we request?
We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, announcement lists or information about seminars) Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. In addition, Breakingthrough.org will not send you email that you have not agreed to receive.
Will we disclose the information we collect to outside third parties?
Breakingthrough.org may share aggregate information about our users to third parties but will not share any personally identifiable information about you without your express consent. Breakingthrough.org uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. We do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties who receive the information. As an information resource, Breakingthrough.org has links to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
Please note that Breakingthrough.org will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using our Breakingthrough.org website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.