http://www.maithri.com/privacy/
Search for:
HomeBuddhist ArticlesChantingDhammapadaSermonsResourcesLinksBlogFB Group
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect from you when you register or surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:      • To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.      • To improve our website in order to better serve you.      • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.      • To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services. How do we protect your information?We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We use regular Malware Scanning.Do we use ‘cookies’?Yes. We do use cookies.We use cookies to:      • Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits. Third-party disclosure We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.Third-party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. Google Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=enWe use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policyOpting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral trackingCOPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:      • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us using our contact form.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the contact form.Last Edited on September 2017
Search for: