https://www.boamlaw.com/privacy-policy/
This is an Advertisement
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (website address). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 270.781.8111 or via email.
Practice Areas
Adoption Proceedings
Banking & Finance
Bankruptcy
Business Formation & Planning
Business Transactions
Creditor’s Rights/Collections
Complex Tort Litigation
Condemnation
Corporate
Criminal Law
Employment
Estate Planning & Administration
Governmental Entities
Insurance Defense
Landlord/Tenant
Litigation
Mediation Services
Nursing Home Abuse & Neglect
Personal Injury
Real Estate
School & Education
Tax
Tax Deferred 1031 Exchanges
Zoning
News & Announcements
Supreme Court Extends Title VII to Discrimination on the Basis of Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity
On June 15, 2020, the Supreme Court of the United States issued an opinion in Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia, holding that an employer who discriminates against an employee because of their sexual orientation or gender identity violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Read More »