https://www.firstparishcambridge.org/website-privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy - First Parish in Cambridge
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
First Parish in Cambridge Unitarian Universalist
3 Church Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
Directions
617-876-7772
info@firstparishcambridge.org
Meet Our Minister
In 2017, Rev. Adam Lawrence Dyer was called as the 24th lead minister of First Parish in Cambridge.  He brings a strong pastoral presence, creative worship style and dynamic management background to support the ministries of the community.
News and Announcements
Sign up to receive our announcements and newsletters.
Email Address
First Parish in Cambridge
Awakened by worship, nourished by tradition, and united by love
Facebook
Directions
Search
Donate
Contact Us
Sunday Services at 10:30am
Toggle navigation
Menu
Main Navigation
Home
FPC Response to COVID-19
FPC Response to COVID-19
Rev. Adam Lawrence Dyer Statement Regarding COVID-19
Religious Education Update on COVID-19
Important Links
About
About Us
Our Mission and Covenant
Our Beliefs
About Unitarian Universalism
Kids’ Principles
Our Symbol: The Flaming Chalice
Our Stories
First Parish History
Our Staff
In Memoriam:
Minister Emeritus, Rev. Dr. Thomas J.S. Mikelson
Our Governance
Governing Board
Governing Board Minutes
2020 Congregational Business Meeting – June 28, 2020 at 4:00 pm
An LGBTQ Welcoming Congregation
Location
Rental of our Building
Worship
Worship
Upcoming Worship Services
What to Expect in Worship
Past Worship Services
Music and Choir
Learning
Learning During COVID-19
Soul Matters Programs
Soul Matters for Children
Soul Matters for Teens
Soul Matters for Adults
Soul Matters Monthly Themes
Parenting Discussion Group
Resources for Difficult Times
Building Project
Imagine – A Building for our Future
Background for This Project
Preliminary Financial Ideas
Get More Information
Justice
Justice Overview
SOCIAL JUSTICE NEWSLETTER
Beloved Conversations 2019-2020
Social Justice Council
Beyond Borders – Sin Fronteras
Environmental Justice Task Force
Greater Boston Interfaith Organization Organizing Task Force
Connection
Connection Overview
Ministry Teams
Become a Member
Donate
Fiscal Year 2020-2021 Pledge
Community Auction
Programs
Y2Y Harvard Square
Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated:  October 30, 2018
This website is owned and operated by First Parish in Cambridge, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: webmaster@firstparishcambridge.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card numbers. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and JavaScript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at webmaster@firstparishcambridge.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than First Parish. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Section Navigation
Search
Search for:
Search
Upcoming ServiceI Talk to the TreesOctober 11, 2020Rev. Adam Lawrence DyerMany congregations, conferences, gatherings offer land acknowledgements to honor the native inhabitants of the land we occupy.  But on this Indigenous People’s Day and in the spirit of deep listening, we ask, is that enough?
Here is the link to this week’s service.
It … read more.
First Time Visitor?Upcoming ServicesService ArchiveEventsNo events
First Parish in Cambridge Unitarian Universalist
3 Church Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
Directions
617-876-7772
info@firstparishcambridge.org
Meet Our Minister
In 2017, Rev. Adam Lawrence Dyer was called as the 24th lead minister of First Parish in Cambridge.  He brings a strong pastoral presence, creative worship style and dynamic management background to support the ministries of the community.
News and Announcements
Sign up to receive our announcements and newsletters.
Email Address
© 2020 First Parish in Cambridge
Facebook
Admin
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility