http://www.alliancestl.com/privacy-policy
Skip to contentHome › Privacy PolicyEffective date: May 31,
2019This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for alliancestl.com.
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It
will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is
collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be
shared.What choices are available to you regarding the
use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the
misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the
information.Information
Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this website.
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via
email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this
information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding
the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third
party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your
request.Your Access to and Control
over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or
phone number at the bottom of this page:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of
your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. We do not
collect sensitive information via the website.Our site has an SSL certificate in place for additional
security. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and
looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the webpage.We also protect your information offline. Only employees who
need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or
customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are
kept in a secure environment.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy,
you should contact us immediately via the email address or phone number at the
bottom of this page.CookiesWe use “cookies” on this website. A cookie is a
piece of data stored on a website visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your
access to our website and identify repeat visitors to our website. For
instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to enter a
password more than once, thereby saving time while on our website. Cookies can
also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the
experience on our website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any
personally identifiable information on our website.SharingWe may share aggregated demographic information with our
partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any
individual person.LinksThis website contains links to other websites. Please be
aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such
other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website
and to read the privacy statements of any other website that collects
personally identifiable information.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at info@alliancestl.comHow Can We Help?Our work is confidential, complimentary and comprehensive. So give us a call or shoot us an email. We can’t wait to help you understand what makes St. Louis the place where businesses and people can start up, stand out and stay.Contact Us© 2020 AllianceSTL. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy