http://www.auspost.com.au/receiving/manage-your-mail/redirect-hold-mail/terms-and-conditions-mail-redirection-and-mail-hold
Current delivery times & COVID-19 updates
Dismiss alert
COVID-19: Alert bar
Skip to content
Skip to primary navigation
Personal
Business
Enterprise & Gov
About us
Help & support
Log in
Accounts
MyPost
MyPost Business
eParcel
Business Support Portal
ShopMate
Search
Search our site
Search
Close search
Personal
Receiving
Manage your mail
Redirect & hold mail
Mail Redirection, Mail Hold and Notify My Providers Terms and Conditions
Mail Redirection, Mail Hold and Notify My Providers Terms and Conditions
Use of this Mail Redirection and Mail Holding service application site and any other Australia Post site is subject to the Australia Post Terms and Conditions, the Australia Post website Terms and Conditions and any terms and conditions set out below.
Mail Redirection
The Mail Redirection service application terms and conditions are set out in Schedule 8 - Change of Address - Mail Redirection Service Terms and Conditions (PDF 134kB) of the Australia Post Terms and Conditions.
Mail Hold
The Mail Holding service Terms and Conditions are set out in Schedule 9 - Change of Address - Mail Holding Service Terms and Conditions (PDF 143kB) of the Australia Post Terms and Conditions.
Notify My Providers service
The Notify My Providers service Terms and Conditions are set out below:
Notify My Providers Terms & Conditions
1. Acknowledgement and acceptance of terms
1.1 These terms and conditions apply when a Customer elects to use the Service by selecting one or more Organisations from within the Notify My Providers section in Australia Post’s online mail redirection service and pays any fee charged by Australia Post for the Service.
1.2 These terms and conditions should be read in conjunction with the Australia Post Terms and Conditions (including Schedule 8 – Change of Address – Mail Redirection Service Terms and Conditions (PDF 134kB)). In the event of any inconsistency between these documents, the Service Terms and Conditions prevail to the extent of the inconsistency.
1.3 Nothing in this Agreement shall be read as limiting the operation of section 34 of the Australian Postal Corporation Act 1989 (‘immunity from certain actions’) to the extent applicable.
2. Interpretation
2.1 Except as where expressly defined, all words and phrases used in this Agreement will have the same meaning if any, given to them in the Australian Postal Corporation Act 1989 and in the Australia Post Terms and Conditions.
2.2 In these terms and conditions unless the contrary intention appears:
2.2.1 words like “including” are not limiting words;
2.2.2 "Agreement" means the agreement, made between Australia Post and a Customer pursuant to clause 1.1 above;
2.2.3 “Consumer Information” means personal information (including name, address, email and mobile phone number) and unique details relating specifically to the Customer (including, account and membership numbers) provided by Customer;
2.2.4 "Customer" means an individual who elects to use the Service as described in clause 1.1;
2.2.5 "Organisations" means the organisations listed in the Service; and
2.2.6 "Service" means the Notify My Providers service provided by Australia Post, whereby Australia Post will, upon request, supply organisations nominated by the Customer, with the Customer's updated Consumer Information.
3. Exclusions
3.1 Australia Post is not bound to supply Organisations nominated by the Customer with Consumer Information where in the reasonable opinion of Australia Post:
3.1.1 incorrect or incomplete information has been supplied (whether intentionally or unintentionally); or
3.1.2 the Service is being used in the furtherance of a criminal offence.
4. Use of the Service
4.1 Only a Customer entitled to receive mail at the address to which the mail redirection service relates may use the Service.
4.2 The Customer may not use anyone else's details in connection with the Service, at any time, without their express permission and consent.
4.3 If the Customer nominates another person to Australia Post to receive the Service, they warrant that they have the express authority of the other person to do so.
5. Proof of Authority
5.1 Australia Post may require the Customer to provide such information, document or thing as Australia Post in its absolute discretion deems necessary to establish to the satisfaction of Australia Post the Customer’s entitlement to use the Service or to provide the warranties given by the applicant. This applies even where Australia Post has commenced providing the Service.
6. Criminal Offence
6.1 The Customer acknowledges that it may be a criminal offence to:
6.1.1 intentionally or recklessly give false or misleading information; or
6.1.2 omit a material particular which may cause the information to be misleading in connection with the Service.
7. Limitation of Liability Release and Indemnity
7.1 Once Australia Post has supplied the Organisations nominated by the Customer with the Customer's updated Consumer Information, Australia Post has no responsibility for the use or non-use of the updated consumer information by those Organisations.
7.2 Australia Post will supply the Consumer Information to the Organisations nominated by the Customer. The Customer accepts that the Organisation may contact them directly to confirm their requested update and that this may lead to discussions regarding other services that are available from the Organisation, over which Australian Post has no involvement or control.
7.3 Subject to clause 7.4, Australia Post will not be liable to any person (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) for any loss or damage suffered, or that may be suffered, as a result of any act or omission, whether negligent or otherwise, by or on behalf of Australia Post in relation to the provision of the Service, or any other matter or thing relating to this Agreement.
7.4 To the extent permissible by law, Australia Post expressly disclaims all conditions and warranties, express or implied, in respect of the Service and the carriage of letters pursuant to this Agreement. Where the law precludes such exclusion and implies certain conditions and warranties into this Agreement, the liability of Australia Post for breach of such condition or warranty will be limited, where legally permissible at the option of Australia Post, to supplying the Service again.
7.5 The Customer acknowledges that Australia Post may suffer harm if the Customer provides incorrect information. To the extent permissible by law, the Customer will release and hold harmless Australia Post by fully compensating it for any loss or damage which Australia Post may suffer as a result of any action, proceeding, claim or demand arising from the provision of the Service and in connection with the information the Customer supplied to Australia Post.
8. Events beyond Australia Post’s control
8.1 If Australia Post is unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement due to any cause beyond its reasonable control it will not be in default under the terms of this Agreement and those obligations will be suspended for so long as that cause remains. Example of such causes include: war or civil strife, labour or industrial disputes, acts of God, acts of governments, power outages and failures of third party communications services.
9. Confidentiality of information
9.1 The Customer is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information the Customer provides and obtains during the use of the Service, and for any and all activity that occurs as a result of the Customer’s failure to keep this information secure and confidential.
10. Ending the Service
Australia Post may, in its absolute discretion and without prior notice, terminate the Customer’s access to the Service, or any related Australia Post site, if Australia Post determines that the Customer has failed to comply with any terms and conditions associated with use of the Service or any related Australia Post site.
Important information
Confidentiality of information
You're entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you provide and obtain during the Mail Redirection, Mail Holding and Notify My Providers services application process, and for any and all activity that occurs as a result of your failing to keep this information secure and confidential. You may not use anyone else's Mail Redirection, Mail Holding, or Notify My Providers service application details, at anytime, without the express permission and consent of the Applicant. Australia Post will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
Violation of the Terms and Conditions
You agree that Australia Post may, in its absolute discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Mail Redirection, Mail Holding and Notify My Providers service application site, or any related site, if we determine that you have violated any terms and conditions associated with use of the Mail Redirection, Mail Holding and Notify My Providers service application site, a related site, or any other Australia Post site.
Manage your mail
Redirect & hold mail
Redirect mail
Hold mail
Extend your service
Proving your identity
Change or cancel your mail redirection or hold
Mail Redirection, Mail Hold and Notify My Providers Terms and Conditions
Privacy notice
PO Boxes & Private Bags
Manage junk mail
Australia Post acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we operate, live and gather as employees, and recognise their continuing connection to land, water and community. We pay respect to Elders past, present and emerging.