http://www.incorporate.ca/privacy
Skip to main content
Call TOLL FREE: 1-888-272-7771 (Canada & US)
Home | About | Contact
Main menuHome
Incorporate
BC LLP
Registered Office
Special Structures
Family Trusts
Blogs
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which INC Business Lawyers collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.inctrademarks.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by INC Business Lawyers.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to any newsletter or autoresponder, respond to a survey, submit a contact form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, home and business mailing address, occupation, home and business telephone numbers, credit card information (including credit card number, name of holder, and billing address) and information about their existing or proposed trademarks. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience and for website analysis and conversion analysis purposes. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
IP Addresses
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
How We Use Collected Information
INC Business Lawyers may collect and use User’s personal information to administer our business activities, provide the products and services a User requests, to process payments, to monitor use of the service and our marketing and promotional efforts, to improve our content and service offerings, and to customize our site’s content, layout, services and for other lawful purposes. These uses improve our site and better tailor it to meet your needs.
Furthermore, such information may be shared with others on an aggregate basis. Personally identifiable information or business information will not be shared with parties except as required by law.
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Site, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at the link provided on the newsletter or email.
We may use the email address or telephone number to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. We may retain the content of User comments on any article or blog post, and the content of User email messages and your email address and any responses. Such information may also be used to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include firm news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site (if any; at present only comments are stored on the website).
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public. All law firms in British Columbia are subject to regulation by The Law Society of British Columbia, which has statutory powers of search and seizure over almost all information in a law firm’s possession. However, the Law Society itself is under certain obligations to keep information that it obtains confidential, unless further disclosure is required by law.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Acquisition or Changes in Ownership
If the practice of INC Business Lawyers or the Site (or a substantial portion of its assets) is acquired, User information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of those assets that are transferred.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
INC Business Lawyers has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
INC Business Lawyers
www.incorporate.ca
1201 – 11871 Horseshoe Way
Richmond BC
V7A 5H5
Canada
info [at] incorporate.ca
Home
IncorporateWhy Incorporate?Limited Liability
Saving or Deferring Tax
Benefits of Corporate Image
Attract Investors
British Columbia
Canada Federal
Alberta
Ontario
For United States Residents
Incorporation Instructions Form
BC LLPBC LLP - The New Delaware LLC
Registered OfficeCanadian Virtual Office Incorporation Package
Special StructuresMulti Company Structures
Partnership StructuresStandard BC LLP Registration
BC LLP: the new Delaware LLC
Trust Structures
Family TrustsUses
Benefits of Family Trusts
Creating and Designing Your Family Trust
People Required
Blogs
Search form
Search
Registering a strong trademark is critical for creating and protecting a strong brand.
We Accept
Home | About the Firm | Lawyer Profiles | Blog | Links | Legal | Privacy | Site Map | Contact Us | Meta
© 2005 - 2020, INC Business Lawyers.  All rights reserved.