http://www.stpauls.mb.ca/privacy/
St. Paul's High School is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of parents, students, donors, alumni, employees, suppliers and community members. St. Paul's High School values the trust of those who provide their personal information to us, and recognizes that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat this information.
During the course of our various projects and activities, including but not limited to school registration, personal information gathered is used to deliver services and to keep you up to date on and included in the activities of St. Paul's High School such as: programs; services; special events; fundraising; opportunities to volunteer; and, to keep you informed through publications. In addition, we may collect such personal information as names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, taxation numbers, records of transactions and social insurance numbers from suppliers, employees, prospective employees and past employees. Student records are maintained and protected as required by statute. Anyone from whom we collect personal information should expect that it will be carefully protected. St. Paul's privacy practices are designed to meet this expectation.
In the regular course of business we publicly acknowledge important achievements of community members and gifts from benefactors. For example, St. Paul's High School reports to alumni, friends, parents, and the public on Donor Fund Account Names and balances but never shares individual donor information, other than their name and type of donation. If requested, we will not publish the name of any individual donor. With respect to students, the school publishes an Honour Roll and record of academic, athletic or other scholarships except when explicitly requested not to do so by the award recipient.
Individuals have the right to view their personal information contained in our files, upon written request. However, we may not be able to provide access to such files if it: (i) would reveal personal information about a third party, (ii) is subject to legal privilege, (iii) contains other confidential information which would be revealed, (iv) is information that was generated in the course of a formal dispute resolution process, (v) relates to an investigation of a breach of agreement or contravention of laws, or (vi) cannot be disclosed for other legal or security reasons.
What is Considered Personal information?
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual, such as an individual's name address, birth date, e-mail address and phone number. Personally identifiable information will not be rented or sold to any third party. As a regular course of business it may be provided to those companies that provide us with contracted services, such as mail houses, designers, printers, insurers, and collection agencies, for a task. We verify that these companies adhere to the relevant Privacy Legislation.
Our Privacy Practices
Personal information gathered by St. Paul's High School is kept in confidence. Paper information is kept under supervision or is secured in a locked or restricted area. St. Paul's staff are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Such consent may be obtained either orally or in written form. In some circumstances, consent will be implied through the nature of our dealings with the individual. Personal information will only be collected and used by authorized staff consistent with the activities of St. Paul's High School. We collect and use personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in light of the circumstances.
We endeavor to keep all individuals' personal information that we have in our possession or control as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which it is used. We will update personal information only if it is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and if the information is used on an ongoing basis. We also rely on individuals to keep certain personal information accurate, complete, and current, such as a change in address.
We will retain personal information as long as it is required to meet the purpose for which it was collected. We may also retain personal information for a longer period if required to do so by law. When such time limits have expired and the individual's personal information is no longer needed for the purpose that it was collected for, we have procedures to destroy, delete, erase or convert it to an anonymous form.
We may collect, use or disclose personal information without an individual's knowledge or consent in circumstances where such collection, use or disclosure is permitted or as required by law. Subject to certain legal and contractual requirements, individuals can refuse to consent to our collection, use or disclosure of information about them, or they may withdraw their consent to our further collection, use or disclosure of information at any time in the future by giving us reasonable notice. However, if an individual refuses or withdraws their consent, we may not be able to have any further dealings with them
Website and Electronic Commerce
At St. Paul's High School, information maintained in an electronic format is firewall and password protected. We use these forms of electronic security to ensure privacy and to protect personal and other information with which we have been entrusted. Our software is routinely updated to maximize protection of such information.
St. Paul's High School is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of those who use our Website. This site compiles conventional log files to monitor and assess activity including traffic and visits on, and related to, the site. This activity does not specifically identify any individual user without prior notice to the user through use of the site.
We do not disclose information about individual visits to www.stpauls.mb.ca. Neither do we provide the information given to us on our Website to outside companies. The information we collect is used to improve and enhance the content and services of the Website. St. Pauls High School also maintains a social networking website which allows members of the St. Pauls High School Community to find and communicate with other Members of the Community. St. Pauls High School has developed its own Community Website Privacy Policy to deal with the special privacy issues arising out of this. This Community Website Privacy Policy is attached as Schedule "A".
For E-Mails:
This communication, including any attached documentation, is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is personal, confidential and/or privileged and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail and destroy the transmission by deleting the original message, attachments and all copies. As a regular course of its business, St. Paul's High School may retain your e-mail address for business communication purposes as outlined in our Privacy Practices (www.stpauls.mb.ca) and in compliance with Federal privacy legislation. Please contact us if you do not wish to have your e-mail address retained.
For Faxes:
This facsimile is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify us immediately and destroy the original message.
Community Website Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is incorporated into the Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement") which applies to all users of the St. Pauls High School Community Website (the "Website"). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.
The Information Collected
When you visit the Website you provide SPHS with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by SPHS, and Website use information collected by us as you interact with the Website.
When you register with the Website, you provide SPHS with certain personal information such as your name, your email address, your telephone number, your address, your gender and any other personal information that you provide to us. User profile information is displayed to other Users in order to facilitate interaction within the Website community.
Any Content which you post on the Website may be collected and used by others of whom SPHS has no control. SPHS is not responsible for the use by third parties of Content or personal information which you post on the Website.
Posting Content
You post Content on the Website at your own risk. Any content which you post on the Website will become viewable by other Users. SPHS cannot control the actions of other Users who access your posted Content. SPHS cannot guarantee that User content you post on the Website will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
When you use the Website, certain information you post or share with third parties, such as personal information, comments, messages, photos or other Content, may be shared with other Users. All such sharing of information is done at your own risk. When you post Content to the Website, this Content may become publicly available.
Posting Employee/Employer Related Information
As one of the Services offered by the Website, Members and Users will have the opportunity to post employment positions and their own personal resumes to attract other Users of the Website. SPHS makes no guarantees and is not responsible for the accuracy of any of the information or Content posted on the Website by the Users, but specifically SPHS cannot guarantee the accuracy of any information or Content by potential employees or employers with regards to this service. Any inaccurate or misleading information or Content posted with regards to this service should be reported to SPHS immediately.
Messaging
By registering with the Website and by submitting your own personal information you acknowledge that you will be able to both send and receive messages to and from other Members of the Website. Your registration and posting of personal information may result in you receiving unsolicited communications from other Members of the Website, which SPHS has no control over. You acknowledge that any interaction between Members is governed by the Agreement, and is the sole responsibility of the Members. Any violation of the Agreement by a Member should be reported to SPHS immediately so that appropriate action may be taken. The action taken will be in the sole discretion of SPHS.
By registering with the Website you agree to allow SPHS to send you messages or updates regarding school activities, fundraising efforts, upcoming events and any other school related information sent by SPHS.
Registration and Password
When you register with the Website you will be asked to provide a Password so that you will be able to gain access to the Website. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and Password. If you know of any unauthorized use of your registration or password you should inform SPHS immediately.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
From time to time SPHS may make changes to this Policy. If SPHS makes changes, these changes will be posted to the Website to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of the changes. A User is bound by any changes to the policy when they use the Website after those changes have been posted. SPHS encourages you to review this Policy regularly so that you are kept updated on any amendments to this Policy.Contact Information
Questions, concerns or complaints relating to St. Paul's High School privacy practices or the treatment of personal information, should be e-mailed to: gchabot@stpauls.mb.ca and include "Privacy" in your subject line.
Developer Console