http://www.jmt.org/terms-conditions
We use cookies on our website to track performance and to give you the best user experience on the site. For more information, or to change your cookie settings, see our Cookie Policy.
AcceptDecline
John Muir Trust
Menu
Donate
Our workJohn Muir AwardTrust landSupport usLatestAbout
Search
Search
Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONSWebsite Terms and Conditions of Use
This website (the “Site”) is provided by the John Muir Trust. Use of the Site is governed by these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”). Please read them now. By using the Site you indicate that you accept the Terms and Conditions and that you agree to abide by them. If you are not willing to accept these Terms and Conditions you may not use the Site.
Access to the Site
Access to the Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Site (or any part thereof) without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Disclaimer
The Site and its contents are for general information only and are provided “as is”. We make no warranties, representations or undertakings about:
any of the content of the Site (including, without limitation, the quality, accuracy, completeness or fitness for any particular purpose of such content); or
any content of any other third party website referred to or accessed by hypertext link through the Site.
We make no guarantees that the Site is free from so called computer viruses. It is strongly recommended that you check for such viruses before downloading it or its contents.
Links
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Links to third party websites are for your convenience only. Such websites are operated and controlled by third parties and their inclusion does not imply any endorsement or approval by us of the materials on such websites.
Liability
We accept no liability for any claims, penalties, loss or expenses arising from: any reliance placed on the content of the Site; the use or inability to use the Site; the downloading of any materials from the Site; or any unauthorised access to or alteration to the Site.
Copyright
The content of the Site (including, but not limited to all text and artwork) is protected by copyright. The copyright is owned by the John Muir Trust or is otherwise licensed from a third party for use by the John Muir Trust.
You may view or download any part of the Site for private purposes, but you are not permitted, without our permission, to:
store the Site, or any part of the Site, for any other purpose;
print copies of the Site, or any part of the Site, for any other purpose;
reproduce, copy or transmit the Site, or any part of the Site, in any way, for any other purpose or in any other medium.
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy for details of how we use information about you.
Changes to the Site
We aim to update the Site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to the Site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on the Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Changes to the Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to amend or replace the Terms and Conditions at any time.
Jurisdiction
The Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of Scotland and any disputes that may arise will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
Donation Refund Policy
If you have made an error in your online donation or if you change your mind about donating to the John Muir Trust, we will happily refund your donation, provided that you contact us within 14 days of the donation being made.  Your refund will be credited to the card from which it was taken.  To request a refund, please call 0131 554 0114 or email info@johnmuirtrust.org with the subject ‘Donation Refund’ and include your name, address and the amount you would like refunded.  If you become aware that your card has been used fraudulently, please contact your card provider.
Membership - Joint/Family
A Joint or Family membership is for two or more people living at the same address. The household receives one mailing each season and each member is entitled to member discounts and to attend conservation work parties.
Membership paid for by direct debit
The Trust reserves the right to stop sending mailings and or cancel membership if direct debits are cancelled within the first six months of any new membership period.
Promotional codes and Introductory membership
Promotional codes apply to new members only unless otherwise stated.
Existing members cannot renew membership using a promotional code.
Any discount is applicable for first year’s membership only.
Members using a promotional code will have the option to continue to renew their membership at standard rates after 12 months’ membership.
The promotional code must be quoted when prompted at online checkout or on a membership form and cannot be applied retrospectively.
The discount is only available as a reduction to one year’s membership. No alternative, cash or otherwise, can be offered.
Promotional codes can be used to buy a gift membership, even if bought by an existing member.
Concessionary rates are not available for some promotional codes.
Details of validity periods will be given with promotional code details if applicable.
The John Muir Trust reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of this offer at any time without prior notice by amending these online.
Work party volunteers introductory offer
In addition to the ‘Promotional codes and introductory membership’ T&Cs above, the following also apply to the work party volunteers promotion:
If you volunteer at one of our official conservation work parties during 2019, and have not previously been a member of the Trust, we’ll give you an introductory membership as a thank you for your efforts.
Individual membership and Individual concession membership only, 100% discount is applicable for first year’s membership only.
Local Members’ Group introductory membership offer
In addition to the ‘Promotional codes and introductory membership’ T&Cs above, the following also apply to the Local Members’ Group introductory offer:
Local Members’ Group attendees who haven't previously been a member of the Trust can join for £10 on the day (cash only).
Offer valid for individual and individual concession membership only.
Discounted membership is available for the first year only.
GTCS members’ promotion
In addition to the ‘Promotional codes and introductory membership’ T&Cs above, the following also apply to the GTCS members’ promotion:
GTCS members’ promotion includes reduced price Trust membership as follows:
£30 for an individual membership (usual price £36) – 16.67% discount
£40 for a joint/family membership (usual price £48) – 16.67% discount
GTCS members’ promotion is not applicable to life memberships, group memberships or concession memberships.
In addition to our standard welcome pack materials, the GTCS members’ promotion tailored welcome pack features an easy to access suite of Trust existing learning resources.
Subsequent materials will be the same as other Trust members (see johnmuirtrust.org/support-us/become-a-member for details).
Competition and prize draw T&Cs
Please read these competition and prize draw rules carefully. If you enter one of our competitions or prize draws we will assume that you have read these rules and that you agree to them.
To enter a competition or prize draw you must be: (a) UK resident; and (b) 18 years old or over at the time of entry.
Competitions and prize draws are not open to employees (or members of their immediate families) of the John Muir Trust.
No purchase necessary.
Only one entry per person unless otherwise stated.
Sending an e-mail is not proof that we have received your entry. No responsibility can be accepted for entries that are lost or delayed, or which are not received for any reason.
Where a question is involved, the winner will be the entrant who answers the question(s) correctly or whose answer is selected to be the best of the entries by the judges. Otherwise the winner(s) is/are selected at random by the John Muir Trust or an independent person as appropriate. All results are final.
The closing date is as specified in each competition or prize draw, and the John Muir Trust reserves the right to amend the end date at any time.
If you win a competition or prize draw, we will notify you in the most convenient way, as soon as is practically possible. We will write to all entrants once to inform them if they have not won.
If we do not announce competition or prize draw winners you can find out who has won a particular competition or prize draw by sending a stamped addressed envelope, marked with the name of the competition or prize draw to John Muir Trust, Tower House, Station Road, Pitlochry, PH15 6AN.
By entering the competition or prize draw the winner agrees to participate in such promotional activity and material as the John Muir Trust may require.
The panel of judges for each competition will be comprised of members of the communications and or fundraising team or of a relevant department of the John Muir Trust and or will involve an independent judge.
The prize will not be transferable to another person.
No part of a prize is exchangeable for cash or any other prize.
If an advertised prize is not available, we reserve the right to offer an alternative prize of equal or greater value.
Incorrectly completed entries will be disqualified.
Fort William Mountain Festival 2019 prize draw winner will be selected at random from all correctly completed email sign-up forms to receive a free individual membership to the Trust - first year introductory offer only
'Our Wild Future' event prize draw 2020:
Prize draw for ‘Our Wild Future – Future of wild places’ will take place between 7pm on 28 October and 11.59pm on 9 November. Three names will be randomly selected from donors to the ‘Our Wild Future – Future of wild places’ talk and be given a free John Muir Trust buff.
Prize draw for ‘Our Wild Future – Smaller footprints’ will take place between 7pm on 11 November and 11.59pm on 23 November. Three names will be randomly selected from donors to the ‘Our Wild Future – Smaller footprints’ talk and be given a free John Muir Trust buff.
Prize draw for ‘Our Wild Future – Wildness for all’ will take place between 7pm on 25 November and 11.59pm on 7 December. Three names will be randomly selected from donors to the ‘Our Wild Future – Wildness for all’ talk and be given a free John Muir Trust buff.
Prize draw for ‘Our Wild Future – Communities and conservation’ will take place between 7pm on 9 December and 11.59pm on 21 December. Three names will be randomly selected from donors to the ‘Our Wild Future –Communities and conservation’ talk and be given a free John Muir Trust buff.
#JMTSUMMER INSTAGRAM PHOTOGRAPHY COMPETITION
In addition to John Muir Trust competition terms and conditions.
This competition can be entered more than once.
Copyright and permissions
By submitting images to the competition each entrant confirms and warrants that:
a) they are the sole author of each entry and that it is their original work;b) they own the copyright and any other intellectual property rights of each image;c) they have the prior permission of those pictured in the image (or, where the image shows any persons under 18, the consent of their parent/guardian) for the usage rights required by John Muir Trust and will indemnify John Muir Trust against any claims made by any third parties in respect of such infringement;d) they have received any necessary permissions from the owner(s) of buildings, trademarks and copyrighted materials included in submitted images for the usage rights required by the Competition and will indemnify John Muir Trust against any claims made by any third parties in respect of such infringement.
Promotional materals and reproduction
By entering the competition you grant John Muir Trust a non-exclusive, irrevocable licence to reproduce, enlarge, publish or exhibit, any image for any purpose connected with the Competition. This shall include, but is not limited to:a) on the John Muir Trust websiteb) for use in John Muir Trust publications, press, promotional and marketing materials – both print & digital;c) on social media.
Competitions and prize draws are being run by The John Muir Trust a Scottish charitable company limited by guarantee. (Charity No. SC002061 Company No. SC081620).Registered office: Tower House, Station Road, Pitlochry, PH16 5AN. Tel: 01796 470080
Please read our Privacy Policy which tells you how we use any personal information we may collect about you by entering a competition.
The John Muir Trust reserves the right to amend these rules at any time. The John Muir Trust may also create rules that will apply to a specific competition or prize draw only. If we do this we will publish the amended competition rules and/or specific competition rules on the relevant web page.
The John Muir Trust will endeavour to send prizes within a month of the competition or prize draw end date but cannot guarantee their delivery.
Thank you for visiting the site.
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookies
T&Cs
Sitemap
Contact us
Cyber Security
The John Muir Trust is a Scottish charitable company limited by guarantee.
(Charity No. SC002061 Company No. SC081620).
Registered office: Tower House, Station Road, Pitlochry, PH16 5AN. Tel: 01796 470080
site by tictoc