http://www.bullz-eye.com/privacy/default.htm
BE HOME
PAGES
ENTERTAINMENT
MOVIES
TV
CELEBRITIES
CARS
GEAR
GADGETS
STYLE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
GROOMING
FITNESS
VICES
WAGERING
DATING
MODELS
Bullz-Eye Home
Entertainment
Sports
Fitness
Vices
The Opposite Sex
Travel
Wagering
Videos
Humor
Gadgets
Cars
Motorcycles
Food & Drink
Bullz-Eye On Location
Men's Grooming
Stuff to Buy
Movies
Television
Music
Games
Books
Beer
Wine
Cigars
Grub for Guys
City Guide
Web Guide
Follow Us!
FEATURED CONTENT
Hula Cam!
Check out sexy Inessa Chimato in this great bikini video!
Drink of the Week
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe, from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you're out or at home.
Best Burgers
What's beefy, cheesy, and greasy all over? Thrillist takes a look at America's most bodacious burgers.
Web
Bullz-Eye.com
Bullz-Eye.com Privacy Policy
Bullz-Eye.com Privacy Policy
Bullz-Eye Home
We at Bullz-Eye.com take your right to privacy seriously. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for the Bullz-Eye.com site and any affiliated site.
Bullz-Eye only collects personal information from a user when the user chooses to give it to us by registering with the site, entering a Bullz-Eye contest or registering for free email on Bullz-Eye. Bullz-Eye will use email addresses to inform registered users of new content, contests, news and other information selected by our editors, unless the user specifically requests to not receive these messages. Bullz-Eye will also use email addresses from time to time to deliver email messages from our partners, advertisers and sponsors. In such event the email will disclose that the recipient is receiving the email from Bullz-Eye because the recipient is a registered user.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by
contacting us.
Bullz-Eye will not sell or disclose to any third party your name, address, email address or other personal information that specifically identifies you, unless you specifically provide your informed consent, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or a court order. Bullz-Eye will allow access to database information to third parties providing technical services, but only to the extent necessary to provide those services.
Bullz-Eye will use and disclose to third parties information from user registrations and site usage patterns in aggregate form to improve and market the site and to provide traffic information to our partners, advertisers and market researchers. Bullz-Eye may, at its sole discretion, develop and use consumer research based on an individual user's use of the web site.
Bullz-Eye may also use "cookie" technology to improve user's online experience. We do not extract information about individual users or their computers during this process.
Bullz-Eye does not maintain any responsibility for information given to one of our advertisers or partner sites. Bullz-Eye recommends that users read the privacy policy at other web sites before providing any information.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Here is a url for more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
All content © 2000-2014 Bullz-Eye.com ® | All Rights Reserved
BULLZ-EYE INFO
Contact Us
Advertise
FAQ
Internships
About
Link to Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
BULLZ-EYE ARCHIVE
Cars
Celebrities
City Guide
Dating
Entertainment
Fitness
Food & Drink
Gadgets
Grooming
Movies
On Location
Recreation
Sports
Stuff to Buy
The Opposite Sex
TV
Vices
Videos
Wagering
Web Guide
FEATURED PAGES
Get Real Guide for Men
Picture of the Day
World Tour
James Bond Fan Hub
Stand-up Comics Hall of Fame
Directors Hall of Fame