http://www.tgci.com/privacy-policy
TRAININGTRAINING OVERVIEW
TRAINING SCHEDULEGrantsmanship Training Program
Essential Grant Skills
Competing for Federal Grants
Grant Management Essentials
Research Proposal Workshop
Designing Programs for Results
Proposal Review Tools
Social Enterprise for Nonprofits
PROJECT GRANTSMANSHIP
SCHOLARSHIPS
MEMBERSHIP
WEBINARS
PARTNER WITH US
RESOURCESRESOURCES OVERVIEW
PUBLICATIONS
CONSULTING
STATE GRANT RESOURCES
BLOG
ARTICLES ARCHIVE
MULTIMEDIA
FAQs: Ask Our Trainers
GRANT DEVELOPMENT CORPS
ABOUT USABOUT US OVERVIEW
MEET THE TRAINERS
STAFF
HISTORY & FOUNDER
TESTIMONIALS
PRESS ROOM
ROOM RENTALS
CONTACT US
You are hereHome
privacy policy
Printer-friendly versionThe Grantsmanship Center® Privacy Policy
The Grantsmanship Center® is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not share, sell or distribute your telephone number or e-mail address to other parties.
We do send e-mail announcements to inform you of our upcoming workshops in your area or areas you have selected. If you do not wish to receive e-mail announcements about these events, please let us know by unsubscribing at the bottom of the email message and we will quickly remove your name, or you may contact our mailing list department at mailinglist@tgci.com.
Although we do not disclose telephone numbers or email addresses to third parties, occasionally, we provide names and postal addresses from our mailing list to other organizations who offer products that we think may appeal to our subscribers. We monitor these transactions to ensure that the names are not used for any other purpose. If you would like to be excluded from any list of postal addresses we provide to others, please contact our mailing list department at mailinglist@tgci.com.
If you would like to us to delete your name and personal information from our mailing list entirely, please let us know by emailing mailinglist@tgci.com.
If you ever have any concerns about privacy, please contact us by emailing mailinglist@tgci.com or calling (213) 482-9860.
By visiting The Grantsmanship Center website or submitting your personally identifiable information to us, you accept the terms described in this Privacy Policy. From time to time we may modify these rules. We will notify you of any significant change by posting a notice on our Site and information collection forms. Your continued use of the Site after any modification indicates your agreement to the new terms.
Collection and Use of Personal Data
When you register as a member, order our books or other materials, request information, or enroll in our classes, we will use our registration screens and online forms to collect personally identifying information such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, educational background, and professional goals and interests ("personal data"). We may also collect some or all of this personal data from you through our print enrollment forms. In addition, if you send us an e-mail or communicate with us offline, we may collect the personal data that you voluntarily provide us at that time.
We may use your personal data in the following ways:
for the purpose for which you specifically provided the personal data, for example to enroll you in one of our workshops, to process your order of one of our books or other materials, or to respond to a specific inquiry;
to send surveys or questionnaires so that we can learn more about our customers' needs and interests;
unless you opt out, to send you our online newsletter.
unless you opt out, to send you information about new products or services that we think might interest you.
If you do not want us to send you surveys and questionnaires, or to provide you with information about our other products and services, you can opt out of receiving this information by following the steps described below in the section entitled, Your Ability to Choose.
Anonymous Information
You can visit most pages on The Grantsmanship Center website without giving us any personal data. Your visit may automatically provide us with anonymous data that is not linked to your personal data, such as your IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring website addresses. Some parts of the Site use cookies to facilitate your use of the websites and to track general traffic. You can learn more about these anonymous data collection devices in the section entitled Cookies, below.
We use your anonymous data to obtain general statistics regarding the use of the Site and its specific web pages and to evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our Site on an aggregate basis. We do not link your anonymous data with your personal data.
We may use a service provider to track and analyze non-personal data, such as usage and volume statistical information from site visitors. This anonymous data will not be linked to your personal data.
In an effort to provide you with the most relevant website content and marketing materials, we may also use embedded pixel technologies to help track site usage and response to our marketing campaigns. Again, the anonymous information we capture through this mechanism is not linked to your personal data.
Your Ability to Choose
You can let us know if you do not want us to send you information by taking the following steps:
to let us know you do not want delivery of the newsletter, or other informational emails, open the email and click the blue link at the bottom of the message to unsubscribe;
to let us know about your other communication preferences, either call 213-482-9860 or send an email to mailinglist@tgci.com. Please identify all the email addresses, postal address information, and phone numbers that you may have submitted to us, so we can ensure that we respect your wishes.
You can let us know if you do not want us to share your data with other companies by either calling 213-482-9860, or sending an email to mailinglist@tgci.com. Again, please identify all the data you have submitted to us, so we can ensure that all your email addresses, postal address information, and phone numbers are marked "do not share."
The Grantsmanship Center® Terms of Use - User Agreement
Copyright
Unless specifically indicated otherwise, all materials and information on this website is copyrighted © 2003-2013 by The Grantsmanship Center, Inc. All materials included on this website ("Site") are owned by or licensed to The Grantsmanship Center, Inc. and all rights are reserved. You must abide by all copyright notices and restrictions contained on this Site. You may not copy, distribute, enter into a database, display, perform, create derivative works of, transmit, or otherwise use any materials from this Site (including computer programs or other code) ("Site Materials"), unless we have specifically authorized you to do so and then only for personal, non-commercial use, and only if you do not alter the text, images or remove any trademark, copyright, or other notice displayed on the Site Materials.
Trademarks
"The Grantsmanship Center", "Grantsmanship Training Program", "The Grantsmanship Center News", "The Grantsmanship Center Magazine", "Listen & Discuss, Do & Review", "TGCI",  and various marks, including the word "Grantsmanship," have been trademarked by  The Grantsmanship Center, Inc. The Grantsmanship Center and logotype are service marks of The Grantsmanship Center, Inc. "Program Planning & Proposal Writing" is a service mark held by The Grantsmanship Center. All other trademarks are held by their respective holders.
Links, Frames, and Metatags
You may link to the home page of The Grantsmanship Center website (http://www.tgci.com) as long as the link does not cast us in a false or misleading light.
You may not frame the content of The Grantsmanship Center website. You may not use metatags or any other "hidden text" that incorporates The Grantsmanship Center trademarks or our name without our express written consent.
Links to Other Web Sites
This Site may contain links to other websites. This User Agreement and the Privacy Policy don't apply to these other websites. Be sure to read the user agreements and privacy policies that govern your use of these other websites.
Security
The Grantsmanship Center is concerned with the security of your personal data. To keep that data secure, we restrict unauthorized access through protective policies, procedures, and technical measures. In addition, The Grantsmanship Center uses standard security protocols and mechanisms to transmit sensitive data such as credit card details.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site and the information, contents, graphics, documents and other elements included herein (collectively, the "Contents") are provided on an "as is" basis with all faults and without any warranty of any kind. The Grantsmanship Center, Inc. makes no warranties or representations as to the performance or merchantability of the products or services referred to on this website. To the extent permitted by applicable law, all implied warranties, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, except as may be expressly state on this website, are hereby excluded.
Neither the Grantsmanship Center, Inc., its directors, officers, employees, and assigns will be held liable for any damages arising out of, or in connection with, the use or performance of this site, or the information or contents available from this site. In no event shall The Grantsmanship Center, Inc., be liable for any damage to hardware or software by anyone accessing this website; or for loss of business or profits; for any consequential, incidental, punitive, or similar damages; or for claims of damages made by any party using the information contained on this website for any cause whatsoever, regardless of the form of action. This is comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
The Contents of this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the Contents of the site. The Grantsmanship Center may make improvements, deletions, changes or other modifications to this site, the Contents hereof, and the products and software described herein at any time without notice.
Governing Law
This User Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and performed there without regard to its conflicts of law principles. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of California and Los Angeles County and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Termination
We reserve the right to suspend The Grantsmanship Center website or terminate this User Agreement at any time without notice for any reason, including, in the case of the User Agreement, for your violation of any of its provisions. The Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability and Governing Law sections of this User Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Cookies
We use cookies to allow you to move quickly through our site, to allow you to take advantage of some of The Grantsmanship Center website's special features, and to collect information about your use of The Grantsmanship Center web site. A cookie is a string of information that is sent by a website and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory. Cookies are small files and won't pose any significant disk-space concerns. Some cookies used by The Grantsmanship Center website may remain on the user's computer after they leave the Site, but most are set to expire within 30-365 days.
Cookies benefit you by creating a more streamlined login process, keeping track of shopping cart additions, and preserving order information between sessions. As we enable further customization of the site, cookies will help in assuring that the information provided to you will be relevant to your needs. You can disable our cookies using the cookie-menu on your web browser, but doing so will prevent you from taking advantage of customization and certain security features. To learn more about cookies and browser functionality, search for "cookies" in the help function of your browser.
Contact Us
The Grantsmanship Center
350 S. Bixel Street., Suite 110
Los Angeles, CA 90017
(213) 482-9860 or (800) 421-9512
info@tgci.com
policy updated November 2013
SUBSCRIBE
See full schedule
Buy Publications
Become a Partner
Become a Member
Shopping cart
Your shopping cart is empty.