http://www.wsb.com/terms-and-conditions/
The following terms and conditions shall govern the materials and services provided to you by Washington Speakers Bureau, Inc. (the "Washington Speakers Bureau" or "WSB") from this web site (the "Site"). Founded in 1979, the Washington Speakers Bureau has become the world's number one lecture agency. WSB prides itself on being a company built on trust, integrity and doing the right thing. By accessing and using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions, and that you accept them and agree to be legally bound by them. You should not use this Site if you have any objections to any of these Terms and Conditions. The Washington Speakers Bureau may revise these Terms and Conditions over time as new features are added to the Site or as Internet law and standards evolve. We will post those changes prominently but we do recommend that you read these Terms and Conditions each time you visit the Site. 1. Copyright and PermissionsPlease feel free to browse the Site. You may download or make single copies of materials displayed on the Site for your own personal and noncommercial use, but all copies shall retain the copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices displayed with the materials on the Site. You may not distribute, transmit, copy, download or otherwise make available any material from the Site, including any text or images, for public or commercial use, without the prior written permission of WSB; you also may not distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, rewrite, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any material contained on the Washington Speakers Bureau Site without prior written permission. None of the material contained on the Site (including all software, HTML code and other code) may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo-reproduction, recordation or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written permission of the WSB. Except as otherwise noted, all content of the Site is: Copyright © 2018 Washington Speakers Bureau, Inc.All Rights ReservedWashington Speakers Bureau has adopted a policy of terminating services to users who willfully and/or repeatedly infringe. For further information regarding permission to use material, please contact us. We can be reached by e-mail at Info@wsb.com. 2. Trademarks/Service MarksThe trademarks/service marks and logos (collectively the "Marks") displayed on the Site identify WSB's products and services, and inform the public that the WSB is the source of those products and services. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting any right or license to use any Mark displayed on the Site. Your misuse of any Mark is strictly prohibited, including without limitation, your use of the Marks in any of the following ways:
In a non-WSB product name or publication title;To identify products or services that are not WSB's products or services;In, as, or part of your own trademarks or services marks;In an manner likely to cause confusion;In a manner that implies inaccurately that WSB sponsors, endorses or is otherwise connected with your products, services or other activities; orIn a manner that disparages WSB or dilutes the Marks.
You are also advised that WSB will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. You agree not to display or otherwise inappropriately use the Marks without prior written permission from the Washington Speakers Bureau. Please make such requests by e-mail at Info@wsb.com. We will evaluate your request and respond as soon as possible. 3. Fair Use & Proper Attribution of MarksYou may make fair use of the Marks in news, advertising and promotional materials, and in referring to our products and services (for example, in a consumer magazine article) without our permission, provided you follow standard trademark usage practices and provide proper attribution. Any other uses require prior written permission from WSB. Please make such requests by e-mail at Info@wsb.com. We will evaluate your request and respond as soon as possible. 4. PrivacyThe policy of WSB is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. The Washington Speakers Bureau includes as part of its mission, the constant effort to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting fair information practices. To fulfill this mission, WSB agrees to exercise reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of information provided by you in connection with accessing and using this Site. The Washington Speakers Bureau also agrees to post prominently and in plain language its specific privacy policies. For our full Privacy Statement, see our PRIVACY POLICY. 5. ServicesThis Site contains information about our speakers and explains how you can select a speaker and arrange for your event. All information on the Site conforms to the specifications of WSB. If you have comments or questions, you can reach WSB by e-mail at Info@wsb.com. Determination of the suitability of a speaker is your sole responsibility. The Washington Speakers Bureau disclaims any responsibility in that regard. 6. Support and CommunicationsThe Washington Speakers Bureau provides a FAQ page: http://www.wsb.com/about/faqs.cfm. If you wish to obtain additional information, you may contact us directly. Communications are primarily conducted by e-mail with responses within 2 business days. You can reach the Washington Speakers Bureau by e-mail at Info@wsb.com. 7. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liabilities and WarrantiesTHE WASHINGTON SPEAKERS BUREAU SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, ACCESS TO, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.) THE WASHINGTON SPEAKERS BUREAU MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE MATERIALS/SERVICES AVAILABLE FROM THE SITE, ALL OF WHICH ARE BEING OFFERED "AS IS." THE WASHINGTON SPEAKERS BUREAU ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING THE SITE OR YOUR DOWNLOADING ANY MATERIALS FROM THE SITE. 8. Intellectual Property Limitation of LiabilityWSB respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask visitors to the Site to do the same. If you believe that your work has been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to a designated Copyright Agent of WSB:
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim has been infringed;Identification of where the material that you claim to be infringing is located on the Site;A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf;Your address, telephone number, and email address; andYour physical or electronic signature.
The designated agent of the Washington Speakers Bureau for notification of claims of copyright infringement on the Site is Sandy Lutton who can be reached as follows:
Address:1663 Prince StreetAlexandria, VA 22314Telephone:703.684.0555Fax:703.299.4560E-mail:webmaster@wsb.com
Similarly, if you believe that any of your trademarks or service marks have been infringed, please notify the designated agent of WSB. 9. Dispute Resolution.Any action based on a breach of the terms herein shall be brought to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia or the Circuit Court of Alexandria, Virginia, whichever is appropriate, and to whose jurisdiction you consent in such an action. If a breach is found by the court, the court shall have the right to issue an injunction to prevent such a breach, and grant to WSB its damages and attorneys' fees and such other and further relief as the court may deem appropriate. 10. Applicable Laws and Jurisdictional IssuesThis Site shall be governed by the laws of the United States, including federal copyright and trademark laws, and with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia applicable to contracts entered into and to be wholly performed therein without regard to conflict of laws or choice of laws principles. By visiting the Site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts presiding in Virginia and you agree to accept service of process by mail. You hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses that might otherwise be available. 11. Force MajeureNotwithstanding any other provision contained in these Terms and Conditions, in the event that the performance of any obligation of WSB is prevented due to acts of God, exchange controls, export or import controls, or any other government restriction, wars, hostilities, blockades, civil disturbances, revolutions, strikes, lockouts, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Washington Speakers Bureau, then WSB shall not be responsible to you for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations. WSB shall promptly notify you of such force majeure condition. The terms of this clause shall not exempt, but merely suspend, WSB from its duty to perform until as soon as practicable after a force majeure condition ceases to exist. 12. HeadingsThe headings of each of these Terms and Conditions are for convenience of reference only. Such headings shall be ignored in the interpretation or construction of any of these terms and conditions. 13. No AssignmentYou may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior express written consent of the Washington Speakers Bureau. 14. Invalidity of ProvisionsIn the event that any portion of these Terms and Conditions is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intention and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect. 15. No WaiverAny failure by WSB to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. 16. Complete UnderstandingThese Terms and Conditions constitute the entire understanding between the Washington Speakers Bureau and you with respect to the Site. BY USING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND ANY SUBSEQUENT MODIFICATIONS. AS A CONDITION OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE, YOU WARRANT THAT YOU WILL NOT USE THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL. For more information about the Washington Speakers Bureau or if you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions, please contact us by e-mail Info@wsb.com We would be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns. Last Updated: May 21, 2014