http://www.mareandfoal.org/privacy
Privacy NoticeHome Privacy NoticePublic Privacy Notice (May 2020)Privacy NoticeYour privacy is important to us. The information below sets out how we collect, use and protect any personal data that you give to us. It also sets out details about your rights in relation to the personal data that we hold about you and how to contact us if you have any questions or would like to change the way in which we communicate with you.We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time in order to remain compliant with changes to regulations. Should this be the case and we need to make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, we will make this clear on our website or by contacting you directly. For further information please see the guidance from the Information Commissioner’s Office.Who Are WeThe Mare and Foal Sanctuary is a registered Charity in England and Wales (reg. 1141831) and we are a recognised Data Controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ref. Z9576224).If you have any questions or concerns about how we handle your personal data, you can contact us by either writing to the Data Protection Officer, at the address below or by emailing dpo@mareandfoal.orgThe Ways We Collect Personal DataWhen you share personal data with us directlyWe collect personal data about you if you fill in forms on our website or correspond with us by phone or email.Personal data that we process could include details such as your name, postal address, phone number, email address, IP address or banking details. We collect this for a variety of reasons, such as responding to your enquiry, providing a service or processing your donation.If you give us personal information about a third party – for example, if you’re buying a horse or pony adoption as a gift for a friend – we’ll also let them know how we plan to use their personal data. All communications connected to the adoption process will always include details of how to opt out of receiving further informationWhen you use our websiteLike most websites, we use ‘cookies’ to help us make our website – and the way you use it – as relevant and interesting to you as possible. Cookies mean that a website will remember that you have visited the site. For more information on cookies please see our Cookie Policy.Our website contains forms that you can complete. We only ask for the information we need in order to provide you with the service or information you have requested. Forms submitted online are automatically turned into an email and sent directly to a member of staff. If you would prefer, you can print out and post the form to us.Publicly available informationOn occasion, we may use publicly available information to gain a better understanding of our supporters to improve our fundraising methods, products and services. This may include information found in places such as Companies House and information that has been published in articles or newspapers.When we receive information from other sources, we rely on those sources having the appropriate provisions in place telling you how they collect data and who they may share it with. We carefully check our sources to ensure that we only receive your information when it is lawful for us to do so.When you support us via a third partyIn some cases, your information may be shared with us by another organisation, for example fundraising sites like Just Giving. These independent third parties will only do so when you have indicated that you wish to support The Mare and Foal Sanctuary and you have given your consent.When you have given permission to another organisation to share your informationYou may have given permission for a company or other organisation to share your data with third parties. This could be when you buy a product, register for an online competition, complete a survey or sign up with a comparison site.When you have given permission using social mediaDepending on your settings or the Privacy Policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, you might give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.How we use your personal informationWe will collect, store and use the personal data you provide in order to carry out the activities relevant to the provision of our services to you. We may use your personal information in numerous ways:To provide you with information that we think may be of interest to you or to fulfil your request about ways to support The Mare and Foal Sanctuary, such as re-homing a horse or pony, making a donation, campaign actions, newsletter requests, product purchases, competition entries etcTo keep a record of your relationship with us and for administration purposes (such as accounting and supporter records)To claim Gift Aid on your donations (if applicable)To look into and respond to complaints, legal claims or other issuesWe use data to analyse the number and nature of contacts that use our service to help achieve our objectives to inform the public on matters of equine welfareTo carry out research on the demographics, interests and behaviour of our users and supporters to help us gain a better understanding of them and to enable us to improve our services. This research may be carried out internally by our employees or we may ask approved third parties to do this work on our behalfTo be used as part of our efforts to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our websiteLawful Basis for ProcessingTo comply with current Data Protection regulations, we must have a legal basis for processing your personal data. We consider that we have a legal basis where:You have given us consent to do so for the specific purposes which we have told you about – for example, claiming Gift Aid or marketing purposesIt is necessary for us to do so to enable us to provide you with the services that you have requested from us – for example, contacting you regarding a donation or fulfilling an information requestProvide you with information that we think may be of interest to you if you have had contact with us previously – for example, sending you fundraising information or newslettersWhere we need to comply with a legal and or contractual obligationWhere we process your personal data under the lawful basis called legitimate interests, we balance our legitimate interests in all cases against your rights as an individual and make sure we only use personal information in a way or for a purpose that you would reasonably expect. We also ensure it does not intrude on your privacy or previously expressed marketing preferencesWhere we process sensitive personal data (also known as special category data), we will make sure that we only do so in accordance with one of the additional lawful grounds for processing which is by obtaining your explicit consentMarketing CommunicationsWe are keen to keep our supporters informed about our work, such as how we use funding and updates on current campaigns.  We may use your personal data to send you information about opportunities on how to get involved in our work or how you can support us through donations, volunteering or fundraising activities.Occasionally, we may include information from partner organisations or organisations that support us in these communications – for example, those working with us to improve the welfare of horses and ponies.If you prefer not to receive any marketing communications from us, you can change your preferences and unsubscribe at any time by either writing to The Supporter Care Team, The Mare and Foal Sanctuary, Unit 2, Olympus Business Park, Newton Abbot, TQ12 2SN or calling our team on 01626 882660.If you choose not to receive this information, we will be unable to keep you informed of our work and promotions that may interest you.We may make use of additional information, including information about where you live, when it is available from external sources to help us create a profile of your interests and preferences. This enables us to ensure that communications are relevant and timely and provide an enhanced experience for our supporters. It also helps us to understand the background of our supporters so that we can make appropriate requests to those who may consider making a donation again, enabling us to raise funds sooner, more cost effectively and proportionately than we otherwise would.We may use third party service providers to undertake these activities on our behalf and share your information with them to the extent required. Such information is compiled (either by us or our third party) using publicly available data e.g. information available from public registers, such as listed Directorships, the electoral roll and media coverage.Who will have access to your informationWe make sure that there are appropriate controls in place to protect your personal details in accordance with current Data Protection legislation.  We undertake regular reviews of those who have access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and approved third parties.We may share your personal data with third-party service providers who assist us with administering the provision of our services to you including:with business partners, suppliers and sub-contractorsto HMRC in relation to Gift Aid, if applicable, and when your consent has been obtainedwith analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our websitewith our regulators, the Charity Commission and the Fundraising Regulator in order to comply with our regulatory obligations and to help resolve complaints or other issueswith third party service providers whom we may engage to perform functions on our behalf including fulfilling order deliveries, printing and mailing customer communications, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, when using auditors/advisors, processing credit/debit card payments and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Where we use external third party service providers to collect or process personal data on our behalf as described above, we carry out comprehensive checks before we work with themWe may want to use some of the information provided, including gender or age or to publicise and promote the work of The Mare and Foal Sanctuary. We will only make this information publicly available if we have your explicit and informed consent (or your parent or guardian if you are under 16) and we will always seek such consent prior to using your information publicly.We will never sell your personal information to any organisation or third parties.How we look after your data and for how longWe will keep your personal data for no longer than necessary for the purposes we have set out above. We will retain your information for as long as needed in order to provide the relevant services to you or until you decide you no longer wish to support us. Your information will be kept for a period afterwards in order to deal with any queries or maintain your communications preferences.We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, volunteers, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.Any third parties that we engage will keep your data stored on their systems for as long as is necessary to provide the relevant services to you or us. If we end our relationship with any third party service provider, we will make sure that they securely delete or return your personal data to us.Your rightsYou have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. There are circumstances in which your rights may not apply. You have the right to request that we:Inform you how your personal data is used (right to be informed)Provide you with a copy of the information we hold about you (right of access)Update any of your personal information if it is inaccurate or out of date (right to rectification)Delete the personal data we hold about you (right to erasure) – if we are providing services to you and you ask us to delete personal data we hold about you then we may be unable to continue providing those services to youRestrict the way in which we process your personal data (right to restrict processing)Transfer your personal data to a third party (right to data portability)Stop processing your data if you have valid objections to such processing (right to object)Inform you of any decisions made solely on automated processing with your data (rights related to automated decision making including profiling)Even if you consented to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes you have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data. You can exercise this right at any time by contacting us using the details provided below.For more information on your rights and how to use them please see the guidance from the Information Commissioner’s Office.  If you would like to make any of the requests set out above, please contact us using the details provided below. We will respond to all such requests within the time period required by law.If you have any questions, concerns or wish to make a complaint about how we handle your personal data you can contact us through our website using the complaints form.You can download a copy of the Privacy Notice here.Date: 20.05.20Policy Review Date: May 2022
Join our mailing list
You can call our supporter services team on 01626 882 660 to change your contact preferences.
Read our Privacy NoticeRead our Cookie NoticeRead our Complaints PolicyRiding School Licence
© The Mare and Foal Sanctuary. Head Office: Honeysuckle Farm, Buckland Road, Newton Abbot, Devon, TQ12 4SA - 01626 355969 Registered Charity: #1141831 VAT No: 785762770 Donate This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can read our cookie policy here.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Keep up to date! We would love to keep you updated about all of the amazing work that is happening here at the Sanctuary, including our latest news, activities and appeals.Join our mailing list
X