https://www.lindauerglobal.com/about/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Section menu
Overview
Search Approach
Testimonials
Diversity, Equity + Inclusion
Our Team
Search Team
Talent Management
Careers
Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 2020
Lois L. Lindauer Searches, LLC (“Lindauer” or “we” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy. We have created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we gather from you when you visit www.LindauerGlobal.com (“the Website”), how we may use this information, and the security approaches we use to protect your information.This Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of the Website. Once you have read this Privacy Policy describing who we are, what information we collect, why we collect it, and rights you may have concerning your personal information, you may consent to the collection and use of your information by Lindauer in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.What information do we collect?We may collect information from you when you submit an inquiry or contact us, respond to communication from us such as e-mail, visit the Website or use any of the Services, including, without limitation, as follows:When you submit an inquiry or contact us or when you use any of the Services, we may ask you for Personal Information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, resume or other information. “Personal Information” is information that, by itself or in combination with other information, can personally identify you. You may, however, visit the Website without providing such information. Providing your Personal Information to us is your choice. If you choose not to provide us with certain Personal Information, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the Services.We use IP addresses and session identifiers to analyze trends, to administer the Website, to track user activities, to infer user interests, and to otherwise induce, deduce, and gather information about individual users and market segments. We may combine such general information with Personal Information and may use and disclose the combined information in a de-identified aggregated manner, as described in this Privacy Policy.Cookies & IP AddressesLindauer may use cookies to help create a more personalized experience and to recognize your use of the Website. A “cookie” is a small data file that can be stored on your computer to assist Lindauer in delivering a consistent and effective user experience to you. The cookies used on the Website may include “session” cookies (short-term data files which help to recognize and identify a particular visit to the Website) as well as “persistent” cookies (longer-term data files which assist the Website to recognize you during multiple return visits). If you disable cookies in your browser, certain parts of the Website may not function as expected and you may not be able to view or use all pages. Lindauer does not store any personal information in any cookie.An “IP Address” is a series of numbers assigned to your computer when you are connected to the Internet. The communication protocols upon which the Internet operates cause Lindauer to receive your IP Address every time you access and use the Website. Lindauer may retain log files containing your IP Address.Email InformationIf you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online and telephone. This also applies when you fill out any of our forms using your email address. For further information see the email policies below.Email PoliciesWe are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and except as described in this Privacy Policy, will not disclose your email address to any third parties.We will maintain the information you send via email in accordance with applicable law.In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all emails sent from our organization will clearly state who the email is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all email messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mail communication from us.Our emails provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any email they receive from us at any time.Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or marketing emails may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email.How and why do we use your information?Lindauer collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you register to download resources, sign up for our newsletter and/or contact us via online form, email or phone, we collect your information. As a visitor to this Website, you can engage in most activities without providing any personal information. It is only when you seek to download resources and/or register for services that you are required to provide information.Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To solicit interest from our clients. We may forward your Personal Information, including your resume, to interested clients of ours. • To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.• To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you. • To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.• To process transactions and quote requests. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than as provided in this Privacy Policy.• To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.If you are within or a resident of the European Economic Area (the “EEA,” which includes European Union (“EU) countries, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“UK”), and opt to receive any free resources or contact us for Services on this Website, we will only enroll you to receive our free email newsletter if you affirmatively consent to it. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to lindauer@LindauerGlobal.com requesting to unsubscribe from future emails. Do we disclose your information?As a general rule, and except as provided above, we do not sell, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any information collected whether automatically or through your voluntary action.We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party, including a lawyer or collection agency, when necessary to enforce our terms of service, any other agreement between you and Lindauer, or to protect and defend our and our users’ property, including this Website, from unauthorized use. We may also disclose your Personal Information pursuant to any authorized law enforcement investigation, or other legal process (including a discovery proceeding) or court order or subpoena, whether initiated by us or another party. We may also disclose your Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.SecurityWe use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information. We use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information (name, email address, etc.) online. We also do everything commercially reasonable to protect user information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, website administrators) are granted access to any Personal Information.This website may provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.Legal basis for processing Personal Information Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contacting Us” heading below.How can you correct or delete your information?We are committed to your Website experience and we respect your privacy. If you tell us that you do not want us to use your Personal Information to contact you, Lindauer will respect your wishes. However, you acknowledge that, by opting out of letting us use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Website or certain Services, or features thereof, may no longer be available to you. In addition, we are not responsible for removing your Personal Information from the lists or databases of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you would like to modify or delete your Personal Information, please send an e-mail to info@LindauerGlobal.com with clear instructions about the information that you would like to have modified or deleted.Upon your request, we will remove your Personal Information from our active databases. We will retain in our files the Personal Information you have asked us to remove from our active databases to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our user policies and comply with legal requirements. Therefore, you should not expect that your Personal Information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. However, such Personal Information will only be available to select employees, service providers and governmental persons or entities.If you are within or a resident of the EEA or UK, you have other rights concerning your Personal Information under the General Data Protection Regulation, and those rights are described below.Social Media PlatformsActions taken through external social media platforms that this Website participates on are subject to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies of each such social media platform.You should use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage with them using due care and caution with respect to your own privacy and personal details. This Website will not request personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and we encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact us through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.This Website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Before using such social sharing buttons, you should do so at your own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.Shortened Links in Social MediaThis Website through its social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages.You should use caution and good judgment before clicking any shortened URL’s published on social media platforms by this Website . Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine URL’s are published, many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore neither this Website nor Lindauer is responsible for any damages caused by your visiting any shortened links.Online Policy OnlyThis Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Website or the Services and not to information collected offline or content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to Lindauer as part of a prospective or ongoing business relationship. Disclosure of such other information may be governed by a separate agreement between you and Lindauer.California ResidentsIf you are a resident of California, in addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy, you have the right to request information from us regarding any disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law. If you wish to make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@LindauerGlobal.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and your name in the body of the message. In response, we will e-mail you the required details regarding the information we shared with such third parties during the prior calendar year.Visitors’ GDPR RightsIf you are within or a resident of the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:• We retain Personal Information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
• You have the right to request access to your data that Lindauer stores and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data.
• You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data.
• If we have collected and processed your data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
• You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.
• To the extent that you provided consent to Lindauer’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.
• You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Requests can be made using the contact information supplied below.We collect only the information that is reasonably required to enter into and perform a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us.What About Children Under the Age of 13?It is Lindauer’s intention that our Website is to be used only by adults. Lindauer does not market services to children and we do not seek the collection of any information from anyone under 13 years of age. If you are under 18, you may use the Website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
info@lindauerglobal.com or write to:
Lindauer420 Boylston StreetSuite 604Boston, MA 02116Intellectual Property RightsYou should assume that all content you see or read on this Website is subject to copyright protection unless otherwise noted and may not be used without the written permission of Lindauer except as provided in this Privacy Policy or in the text on this Website. Lindauer neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on this Website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Lindauer. While Lindauer uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Website, Lindauer makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Lindauer assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on this Website.Images of people or places displayed on the Website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Lindauer. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by this Privacy Policy or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Website. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on this Website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Lindauer or others. Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademarks displayed on this Website without the written permission of Lindauer or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on this Website. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on this Website, or any other content on this Website, except as provided in this Privacy Policy, is strictly prohibited.
Arizona
California
Georgia
Illinois
Massachusetts
Maine
New York
Texas