http://www.jccsf.org/the-center/who-we-are/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
My Account
Calendar
Fitness Schedules
Donate Now
Toggle navigation
About Us
Give
Fitness
Events
Classes
Youth & Family
Jewish Life
Expand All Menu Options
Collapse All Menu Options
Who We Are
Mission & Values
Board of Directors
Executive Staff
Annual Report & Financial Statements
Centers of Excellence
The Initiative on Jewish Peoplehood
General Information
Hours of Operation
Holiday Hours – Information and Closures
Directions to Our Jewish Community Center – JCCSF
JCCSF Food Policy
ADA Accommodation Policy
All-Gender Restrooms
A Community Space
Dayenu Gift Shop
JCCSF Art & Ceramics Studio
JCCSF Dance Studio
Katz Snyder Gallery
Parking Garage
Playground
The Jewish Community Library at the JCCSF
Membership
Community Membership
Fitness Center Membership
Membership Discounts
Private Events
Bean Sprouts Café
Jewish Milestones Ritual Resource Lending Library
Financial Assistance
JCCSF Green Initiative
Interfaith Connection
Account Information & Access
Staff Israel Seminar
Volunteer
We Cannot Remain Silent
Expand All Menu Options
Collapse All Menu Options
Resilience Campaign
Give Today!
Matching Gifts
Resilience Campaign FAQs
Institutional Partners
Corporate Partners
Preschool Giving Campaign
Legacy Giving & Endowment
Volunteer
Expand All Menu Options
Collapse All Menu Options
Keeping You Fit & Healthy
Fitness Center Membership
EXOS at the JCCSF
EXOS Journey
InBody
Membership Discounts
Fitness Center Rules and Policies
Join Today
Group Fitness Class Schedule
JCCSF Perks
JCCSF Perks FAQ
JCCSF Perks Information Update Form
Personal Training
Yoga
Pilates
Aquatics
Health & Wellness
Empowerment During Cancer
Membership Changes
Expand All Menu Options
Collapse All Menu Options
Arts & Ideas
On Demand
Daytime Programs
JCCSF Pop-Ups
Wellness Fairs
Exhibitions & Installations
Expand All Menu Options
Collapse All Menu Options
Adult Classes
Art
Ceramics
Health & Wellness
Hebrew Online Classes
Literature & Writing
Urban Gardening
Youth Classes
JCCSF Dance School
Swim School
Exploration Classes
Parent & Child Classes
Tikvah School of Music & Dance
Sports Classes & Clinics
Expand All Menu Options
Collapse All Menu Options
School Programs
Preschools
Class Connection
Teen Programs
Camp
Meet the Team
My Camp Account
Sports & Swim
Sports Classes & Leagues
Swim School
JCCSF Citywide
Arts & Dance
JCCSF Dance School
Tikvah School of Music & Dance
Exploration Classes
Parent & Child Classes
Expand All Menu Options
Collapse All Menu Options
Holidays
Shabbat
High Holidays
Sukkot
Hanukkah
Tu Bishvat
Purim
Passover
Shavuot
Tu B'Av
Jewish Living & Learning
Reading the Weekly Torah Portion: Parashat Hashavua
Hebrew Classes
QueerCore Talmud (JF20QCT)
Tikkun Ha-Olam – Repair the World Program
Effective Sunday, November 29 at 12:00 pm, the Fitness Center will suspend all in-person activities. Get the details.
Home » About Us » Who We Are » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
JCCSF Privacy Policy
The JCCSF cares deeply about protecting your privacy. The document below outlines how we treat information you provide to us on the jccsf.org and our registration web sites.
By using these JCCSF sites, you agree to the use of your information as described in this policy.
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time. If we ever make any significant changes to this policy, we will notify you by making changes here on our Privacy Policy page. The “Last Updated” date at the bottom of this page tells you when this policy was last updated.
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, you can always reach us by mail at 3200 California Street, San Francisco, CA 94118, by email at support@jccsf.org or by phone at 415.292.1200. If you ever feel that we are not following our privacy policy, please contact us at support@jccsf.org or 415.292.1200. We want to know!
Summary
We collect information about you only in very limited ways, as described in our policy below.
Any time you share financial, health or medical information with us, it’s on a secure server and/or an encrypted process.
Our sites use cookies, which you can opt out of.
You control any email we send you by telling us your preferences. Similarly, you can tell us to stop sending you postal mail.
You can delete your account on our web sites at any time.
We do not sell or rent your email address to anyone.
Other than any comments you leave on a post, other users, besides those in your own household, never see any information about you. If you share a membership with others in your household, they may be able to view your personal information, including financial transactions.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The JCCSF collects any information that you volunteer on our sites, for instance by filling out a form, creating an online account, answering a survey, registering for a program or service, or creating a post or comment. Depending on what you choose to do on the site and the programs you participate in, this information may include your and your family member’s name, address, phone number, email, date of birth, credit card information, emergency contact information, health insurance, medical information, financial information and other personal information.
Whether you choose to provide this information to the JCCSF is completely up to you, but you may not be able to use some of the features on our sites without this information. For example, you may need to provide us with certain personal information if you wish to use our online registration forms to sign up for a program.
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as when you give us financial, health or medical information about you, we redirect you to an industry-standard secure server in order to protect your security. Even though we take significant steps to protect your personal information, no company or organization, including us, can fully eliminate security risks from transmitting personal information.
We may also use your personal information to fulfill a request from you, such as to register you for a program, process a credit card payment or respond to your comments, feedback or questions.
If you supply us with your email address and let us know that you would like to receive information from the JCCSF, then you may receive periodic emails about new programs, services, upcoming events, initiatives or member benefits at the JCCSF. You can opt out of particular email communications or all promotional email communications at any time by clicking on the “Manage your email profile” or “Unsubscribe from all JCCSF emails” links at the very bottom of the email, or by emailing support@jccsf.org with your unsubscribe request. Please allow a few days for the change to take effect.
If you would like to update or edit your personal information, you may do so by clicking “My Account” at the top of any web page and selecting the appropriate login, or by contacting Customer Service at 415.292.1200. You can close your online account at any time by contacting Customer Service at 415.292.1200.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The JCCSF does not sell or rent your email address to any outside organization. We do not share or disclose your email address or other personal information to any outside organization without your explicit permission or as expressly set forth below.
The JCCSF may disclose your personal information if it believes that it is required to do so to comply with the law or the legal process, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of or access to our sites, or to protect a person’s rights, property or personal safety.
The JCCSF may also share your information with other companies that perform services for us, such as processing credit card transactions. These companies may have access to your information as needed to perform their functions, but may not use or disclose your information for other purposes.
If you share a membership with others in your household, they may be able to view your personal information, including financial transactions. Also, if you post any comments on our sites, your comments become public information once you post them, and may be viewed by others.
In addition, if you supply us with your postal address, we may occasionally share your name, mailing address and areas of interest with partners, affiliates and other organizations that we think may be of interest to you, and those organizations may mail you promotional materials regarding their programs and services. You can opt out of receiving mail from us at any time, or let us know that you prefer not to have your name and mailing address shared with other organizations, by emailing support@jccsf.org or by contacting Customer Service at 415.292.1200. Once we receive your opt-out request, we will remove your name and mailing address from any future mailing lists we share with other organizations, and from our own mailing list if you have requested that. Please allow up to two weeks for this change to take effect.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
The JCCSF also collects information about pages that you visit on our web sites. We use this information to improve the content of our web sites, and occasionally to guide our advertising.
As with most web sites, when you visit the JCCSF web site, the JCCSF sends a “cookie” to your computer that contains an identification number that is unique to your machine. We use this cookie to give you a smooth and continuous experience on our sites, to minimize the amount of information you have to re-enter as you browse, and to help us record how our site is being used so we can fix any problems and continue to improve the experience. You can instruct your browser not to accept cookies and to remove any cookies by following the directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. You can learn more about cookies by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies.
Similarly, we log each visit to each web page. A log entry can contain information typically found in the “header” of your web browser’s communication to our server, such as the browser you are using, your IP address, and the date and time of your visit. We may also log your cookie’s identification number and the URL of the last site you visited. This information helps us ensure the security of our site and improve the quality of your experience.
From time to time, the JCCSF places ads about our programs and services on other web sites. We often place these ads through third-party vendors, including Google. If you visit one of our web sites, we may place a “cookie” on your computer as described above, or we may send a cookie or beacon set up by a third-party vendor such as Teracent or Google DoubleClick. This does not give a vendor any personally identifiable information about you, and is never connected to any personal information you have shared with us, but it does collect your IP address and non-personal information like the browser you are using, the pages you visited or came from, or search terms you used. Vendors like Google, Teracent or DoubleClick may use these cookies to help us deliver ads to you based on your visit. Besides instructing your browser not to accept cookies, you can also choose to opt out of all personalized advertising at any time by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page. Information and opt-out options are also available directly from Teracent and from Google and DoubleClick.
Age Restrictions
Our websites are intended for general audiences, and are not directed to children under 13. The JCCSF does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at 415.292.1200. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will promptly take steps to remove such information.
Donor Privacy Policy & Bill of Rights
We will not sell, share or trade our donors' names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.
This policy applies to all information received by the Jewish Community Center of San Francisco (JCCSF), both online and offline, on any Platform ("Platform", includes the JCCSF website and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.
To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
DONOR BILL OF RIGHTSPhilanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the not-for-profit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the organization's mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization's governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the organization's most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donations is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
DEVELOPED BY American Association of Fundraising Counsel (AAFRC) Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP) Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE) Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP)
ENDORSED BY (In Formation) Independent Sector National Catholic Development Conference (NCDC) National Committee on Planned Giving (NCPG) National Council for Resource Development (NCRD) United Way of America CFRE International
Last Updated: September 4, 2020
JCCSF Wi-Fi Setup and Troubleshooting
JCCSF Wi-Fi Acceptable Use Policy
Contact Us
|
Hours
|
Employment
|
Financial Assistance
|
JCCSF Home
Press + Media
|
Privacy Policy
Get Directions
Jewish Community Center of San Francisco
3200 California Street | San Francisco, CA 94118 | 415.292.1200
×
Are you a JCCSF Member or an Arts & Ideas Subscriber? Please log in to ensure your discounts are applied properly at check out. Otherwise, you may proceed as guest.
Login
Proceed as Guest