http://www.moyerfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Stay Connected
Contact
About
Camps & Programs
Camp Erin
Camp Mariposa
Team Jesse
Grief & Addiction Resources
Events
Media
How to Help
Giving
Fundraising
Corporate Engagement
Donate
Last Updated: June 23, 2020
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how your personal information is collected, used and disclosed by Eluna when you access or use our website, located at elunanetwork.org, or when you interact with us offline or on third party websites where we have an official presence.
Collecting your Personal Information
We collect information about you in various ways.  For example, we collect personal information you provide to us when you sign up for our newsletter, make a donation, contact us, attend our events, sign up to become a volunteer, post content on our blog or communicate with us through third party sites (e.g., Facebook and Twitter).  Such information includes your name, email address, address, phone number, billing information and any other contact or demographic information you choose to provide.
Cookies
We automatically collect certain information using "cookies."  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website.  Among other things, cookies help us improve our website and your experience.  We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our website.  Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove and/or reject cookies.  To view how to specifically opt-out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.  Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features of our website.
Web Beacons.  We may also collect information using Web beacons.  Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our website or in our emails.  We may use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Use of your Personal Information
We use personal information for the purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection.  For example, we may use your information to:
operate and improve our website;
process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
process your donations, deliver services that you request and send you related information, including confirmations, updates and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about upcoming events, new contests and opportunities, progress or success of programs and other news about Eluna or selected partners that we think will be of interest to you; and
link or combine with personal information we get from third parties, such as Google Analytics, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
Sharing of your Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as follows:
when you give your consent to do so, including if you are notified that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are engaged by us and need access to such information to carry out their work;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to (i) comply with laws or respond to lawful requests, legal process or legal authorities; (ii) protect the rights, property or safety of Eluna and our employees, agents, donors and others, and (iii) respond to an emergency or protect the personal safety of any person;
in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not directly identify you; and
in connection with, or during negotiations of, an acquisition, financing, merger or sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets.
Security of your Personal Information
We take reasonable measures to help protect your information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Information Choices
You may opt-out of receiving emails from Eluna by following the instructions in those emails.  If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about donations or our ongoing relations.  You may opt-out of Eluna’s SMS correspondence or Premium SMS Services by texting "STOP" to the short code 20222. Text "HELP" to 20222 for help or visit www.hmgf.org/t. Message and data rates may apply. You may also request changes to your contact preferences and the personal information you have provided by calling (206) 298-1217 or emailinginfo@moyerfoundation.org.
Changes to this Statement
Eluna may update this Policy from time to time.  When we do, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of the Policy.
Contact Information
Eluna welcomes your questions and comments regarding this Policy.  Please contact us at:
Eluna
2426 32nd Avenue West
Suite 200
Seattle, Washington 98199
Telephone: 206-298-1217
Fax: 206-298-1207
Email us
Stay up to date and connected to what's happening with our mission and the children we serve.
Sign-up
Today