http://www.zionist.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | ZFUK
Home
About ZF
About ZF
What we do
Meet the Team
ZF Events
ZF Events
Speak Hebrew like an Israeli
Golden Golda Award
Donate
Donate
The ZF Rosh Hashanah Appeal
Leave a gift in your will
Become a Patron
Volunteer with us
Affiliate Members
Affiliate Members
Become a Member
Resources
Blog
Shop
Contact
0 Items
Donate
Home
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Version 2 – 24/05/2018
The Zionist Federation of Great Britain and Ireland (ZF) understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online.
We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits www.zionist.org.uk, engages with our work or signs up to one of our events/newsletters. We will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
Account means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
Cookie means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 13, below;
Cookie Law means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
Personal Data means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to us. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
We/Us/Our means Zionist Federation of Great Britain and Ireland (ZF), an unincorporated association, not-for-profit, whose address is Box 1948, 116 Ballards Lane, London, N3 2DN.
2. Information about us
Our Site is owned and operated by the ZF
3. What does this policy cover
This Privacy Policy applies to the way in which We use and store your data, collected through this site or by other means such as telephone, written communication or newsletter signups. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. Your rights
4.1 As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
4.1.1 The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
4.1.2 The right of access to the personal data We hold about you
4.1.3 The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete
4.1.4 The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you
4.1.5 The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
4.1.6 The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
4.1.7 The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
4.1.8 Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
4.2 If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
4.3 For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
5. What data do we collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following personal, and non-personal data:
5.1 Name
5.2 Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers and postal address
5.3 IP address
5.4 Web browser type and version
5.5 Operating System
5.6 A list of URLs starting with a referring site and your activity on Our Site
6. How do we use your data?
6.1 All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times.
6.2 Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests.
6.3 With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
6.4Third parties (including Paypal, YouTube) whose content appears on Our Site may use third party Cookies. Please note that We do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data they collect and use and advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
6.5 You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it.
6.6 We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected.
7. How and where do we store your data?
7.1 We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
7.2 Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
7.3 Whilst data you enter on our website is not retained by anyone outside of the ZF, it is important that you are aware that your data does leave the EU as our website is hosted via Godaddy, a US based company. As a company they are signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield and therefore are compliant with the relevant regulations around data protection.
8. Do we share your data?
8.1 We will not share your data with any 3rd parties who wish to use it to contact you for any reason without your express permission.
8.2 Your data is only shared with our webhost and Godaddy and only for the purpose of using our website. If you do not consent to this then please refrain from accessing our website.
8.3 In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal obligations, a court order, or a governmental authority.
9. What happens if Our Organisation changes hands?
9.1 We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
9.2 In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
10. How can you control your data?
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details).
11. Your right to withhold information
11.1 You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
11.2 You may restrict Our use of Cookies.
12. How can you access your data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the GDPR, no fee is payable and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge. Please contact Us for more details at office@zionist.org.uk, or using the contact us section of this website
13. Our use of cookies
13.1 Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
13.2 By using Our Site you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third party Cookies are used on Our Site for Analytics. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site and your use and experience of Our Site will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
13.3 All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
13.4 Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings, but please be aware that Our Site may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
13.4 The following first party cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Cookie
Description
_ga
Google Analytics – used to distinguish users
_gid
Google Analytics – used to distinguish users
_gat
Google Analytics – used to throttle request rate
woocommerce_cart_hash,
woocommerce_items_in_cart, wp_woocommerce_session_
E-commerce – used to store details of products added to cart
wfwaf-authcookie-(hash)
Security – used by our firewall software to detect logged in users
WordPress_[hash]
Logged in users only – stores your login authentication details
WordPress_logged_in_[hash]
Logged in users only – indicates when you are logged in
wordpress_test_cookie
Used to check whether the browser is set to accept or reject cookies
viewed_cookie_policy
Used to check whether you have viewed our cookie notification banner – prevents the notification from being shown repeatedly to people who have already seen it.
13.5 3rd party cookies may be set from any or all of the following domains:
13.5.1 Facebook
13.5.2 Twitter
13.5.3 YouTube / Doubleclick
13.6 Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling Us to better understand how Our Site is used. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the services offered through it. In keeping with Google Terms of Service, we ensure that no personal information is ever transmitted to Google Analytics, and we ensure that your device’s IP address is anonymised before it is stored on Google’s servers.
13.7 You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
13.8 You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time through your browser settings.
13.9 It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at office@zionist.org.uk, by telephone on +44 (0)20 8202 0202, or by post at Box 1948, 116 Ballards Lane, London N3 2DN. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you.
15. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Facebook
Twitter
© 2018 Zionist Federation | Privacy Policy |Site by Blackbox Design
This website uses cookies. Some are essential for the operation and security of the site. Others enable specific functions such as analytics and marketing. Read More Close Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
CLOSE