http://www.mentoring.org/privacy-policy
×
Search
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Effective Date: October 1, 2015
MENTOR: The National Mentoring
Partnership, Inc. (“MENTOR”) takes your privacy seriously. This notice
of our privacy policy is intended to help you understand our online
information security practices. The policy covers MENTOR: The National
Mentoring Partnership’s treatment of personally identifiable information
that it collects when you are on the mentoring.org website and when you
use MENTOR’s referral services. We also ask that you review the site’s Terms of Use.
Also,
please read our Children’s Privacy Policy to learn more about how we
treat personally identifiable information collected from children.
Information Collection and Use
We collect the following from individual Volunteers:
First and last name
Email address
Phone number
Address and zip code
The type of opportunity you are interested in
We use the information we collect about you to help facilitate the volunteering process. Programs need this information to begin your application. Please be aware that, to the extent required to provide our services, we share your information with other volunteers or nonprofit organization partners. If you indicate on our site that you are interested in a particular mentoring opportunity and provide us with your contact information, we will forward your contact information to the organization that is hosting that opportunity so that the organization can contact you regarding your potential involvement.
We collect the following from individual Nonprofit Organizations:
Administrator Information: First and last name, email, telephone number, address, and zip code
Organization Information: Title of organization, address, contact information (including phone, address, and email), EIN/tax identification number, mission statement, and description of services. Web site address, logo, URL, and directions to physical location optional
Opportunity Information: Name and title of opportunity, date, time, type of opportunity, description of opportunity. Directions and required skills optional
MENTOR strongly encourages nonprofit organizations receiving e-mail addresses from potential volunteers to adopt privacy standards similar to those of MENTOR. You should be aware that each such organization has its own policies regarding collection and use of personal information. MENTOR is not responsible for their use of your personal information. Inappropriate use of personal information received from MENTOR may jeopardize an organization’s listing in the Mentoring Connector, MENTOR’s National Mentoring Database. MENTOR reserves the right to determine, in its discretion, what constitutes inappropriate use of this information. For more about a nonprofit organization’s policy, please contact them directly using the contact information posted for that organization on our site. Information from the nonprofit organizations is used by MENTOR to consult with programs on ways to improve service.
We may obtain personal information that is voluntarily submitted through blogs or other interactive features on our public web site. Such information is intended to be made publicly available and is not subject to the protections described in this privacy policy. If you believe that someone has posted personal information about you or your child on our site without your authorization, please contact us at the address below.
Use of Cookies
“Cookies” are small files placed on your computer by our site that are used by your browser. Our site uses cookies to speed navigation, keep track of items, and provide you with custom-tailored content. We also use cookies to remember information you gave us so you don’t have to reenter it each time you visit our site. By showing us how and when visitors use our site, cookies also help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to our site are based on the data derived from these cookies, such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you wish, you can elect to set your browser to refuse cookies and will still be able to use most of the areas of our Web site.
MENTOR uses cookies for various reasons. We only read cookies written by our site and do not make information gathered by use of cookies available to any outside parties except in aggregate form. We do not use cookies to obtain information on other web sites that you may visit. Cookies may be used to store some information about the parts of our site that you have visited previously. We do this to help you navigate our site more easily or to alert you to related pages on our site that may interest you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
MENTOR will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. MENTOR will send personally identifiable information about you to other organizations when:
We have your consent to share the information (as in the Mentoring Connector database)
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process
We find that your actions on our website(s) violate the Terms of Use or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services
We may share aggregate information about our users with certain third parties. This information shows user activity as a whole rather than on an individual basis and cannot be used to individually identify you. We use this information to help our partners and funders better understand our services and also to report on public interest in mentoring.
Linking to Third Party Sites
When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third party websites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, MENTOR cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties or the content on their websites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policy whenever interacting with any website.
Children’s Privacy
MENTOR is concerned about the privacy of young children and does not knowingly collect any personal information from any child under 13. Children under 13 may not register for or use any area of our website that requires personally identifiable information. We suggest that you become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our website to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by MENTOR as outlined herein. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of which information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Since this privacy policy may change from time to time, you should check back periodically.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Information
You may request the information you submit to us be edited or deleted by sending an email to the Digital Marketing Associate or by contacting us as indicated below.
Email Us
How to Contact Us
We appreciate your questions or comments about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with the www.mentoring.org website. Send regular mail to MENTOR, 201 South Street, Suite 615, Boston, MA 02111, Attention: MENTOR website, or contact us by email.
Download NowName*
First
Last
Email*
What best describes your connection to mentoring?*
Mentor to one or more young people
Staff at a mentoring program
Policy maker/government
Educator
Education adminstrator
Sports coach
Workplace supervisor
Staff at youth development program
Mentee
Other
N/A
Please select all that applyOther:If applicable, how many youth (age 6-24) do you or your program serve?MENTOR National and Affiliates will use the information you provide to better inform future publications and keep you up to date with advancements in the mentoring field. For more information, check out our privacy policy.