https://www.ww2research.com/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use/
Newsletter ArchiveRSS
(310) 791-3949
bill.beigel@ww2research.com
Privacy Policy and Terms of UseExample
WW2 Research Inc Online Privacy Policy
This privacy statement applies to WW2 Research Inc, WW2Research.com, and WW2 Research Inc’s WW2 Casualties Database with respect to the privacy of our site visitors, clients, and contributors, and online store customers.
Data Collection
This site collects information such as the visitor’s domain name, site traffic patterns and server usage statistics. This information is used to improve the performance and content of our site material.
We do not collect and store your email address unless you choose to communicate with us in one of several ways:
You contact us directly via email.
You provide your email address to us via phone, mail, electronic form or paper sign-up sheet.
You opt out of future messaging after receiving email from us.
Third-Party Services
We do not sell or rent our email lists to third-party organizations. We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, but we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
Third-party personally identifiable information you provide for memorial or honor donations or for merchandise shipping will not be shared, except to include honoree or memorial names on our Memorial Wall in accordance with information that you provide.
We do not rent or sell customer information to outside marketers. We might use the information you provide to share information about our services or products you have requested or to inform you of promotional offers relating to our services that might be of interest to you.
We use shipping companies to ship documents and merchandise and a credit card processor for merchandise orders and donations. These companies do not share or use personally identifiable information for secondary purposes.
Surveys
We may occasionally conduct voluntary surveys on this site. Personally identifiable information collected in these surveys will not be shared. Aggregate results may be shared for analysis by third parties. The aggregate data cannot be used to identify individuals.
Personal Information
We may ask you to provide personal information in a few circumstances. When you contribute toward the creation and maintenance of the WW2 Casualties Database, submit a research request or request for quote form through our web site, when you contact us via email with a research request or request for quote, when you sign up for our mailing list, or when you purchase items from our online store, we will need personal information such as name, address, telephone number, email address, and/or credit card number, so that we can process your contribution or order, notify you of order or research status, or provide a receipt.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, alert visitors to new areas of the site, customize Web page content based on visitor interests and record past activity in order to provide better service. Cookies are small text files that do not damage a visitor’s system or files. Most browsers will allow a user to accept or deny cookies. If a visitor rejects our cookies, they may still use our site.
Security
Wherever your personal information may be held within WW2Research Inc, or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect your personal information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Our server uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to protect credit card and other information submitted via the forms on this site. SSL is the industry standard security protocol. All off-line information is securely stored and is accessible only by authorized staff.
Accuracy and Access
To the extent that you provide us with personal information, WW2Research Inc wishes to maintain accurate personal information. Where we collect personal information from you via our web site, through our e-newsletter, via email or postal correspondence, our goal is to provide a means of contacting WW2Research Inc should you need to update or correct that information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your personal information to privacy@ww2research.com and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in your personal information that we hold as soon as practicable.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of sites not owned by WW2 Research, Inc. We encourage our visitors to be aware of when they leave our site and to read the privacy statement of any site that collects personally identifiable data.
Online Privacy
WW2Research Inc is committed to privacy and supports industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet. Protecting individuals’ privacy online is an evolving area and WW2Research is constantly evolving to meet these demands.
Unsubscribing
The quickest means of unsubscribing from electronic communications is through the unsubscribe function on the electronic newsletter you are receiving.
If you have any questions about WW2 Research, Inc or our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us via any of the methods below. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our ability as quickly as possible.
WW2 Research Inc
4824 Newton St.
Torrance, CA 90505
Phone: 310.791.3949
Email: privacy@ww2research.com
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on all sites owned by WW2 Research Inc.
Withdrawing Consent (Opting Out)
WW2 Research, Inc will discontinue contact with any person upon written request. Write: WW2 Research, Inc, 4824 Newton St., Torrance, CA, 90505 or email privacy@ww2research.com.
Consent
By using this web site, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy and to WW2Research Inc’s storing, processing, accessing, and using your personal information for the purposes discussed above, as well as those explained where WW2Research Inc collects personal information on the Web.
WW2 Research Inc Terms of Use
WW2 Research Inc Online Privacy Policy
By continuing to browse and use this web site and the WW2 Casualties Database, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Online Privacy Policy govern WW2Research Inc’s relationship with you in relation to this web site.
The content in this web site is for your general information only; it is subject to change without notice.
Neither WW2Research Inc nor any third parties that provide services on our behalf in relation to this web site provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this web site for a particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such in accuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this web site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It is your responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this web site meet your specific needs or requirements.
This web site contains material which is owned by or licensed to WW2Research Inc. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics, digital photographs, digital reproductions of historical documents, original text, historical records, a custom, proprietary database, and computer code. Reproduction is prohibited without prior written consent from WW2Research Inc.
All trademarks reproduced in this web site which are not the property of or licensed to WW2Research Inc are acknowledged in this web site.
Unauthorized use of this web site or original material herein may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
2,126followersFacebookpage likes
PopularRecent
Five From the 464th Bomb GroupThe 15th Army Air Force, based in...
Wee Willie and the photo that started it allAbove is B-17 “Wee Willie”...
Debut for DebachIt was the very first combat mission...
From Panatella to PloestiThe 15th Army Air Force, based in...
Honoring Lt. George H. Cannon, USMC, on Medal of Honor DayOn December 7, 1941, 1st LT George H....
Six B-24s From Baker Box DownedThe men – the boys, really...
Tomas Garza’s Daughter – “Now I Don’t Feel Empty”Like most children of World War II...
“Fresno Marine Dies in Action in Pacific War” – Fresno Bee, Oct 21, 1944Private First Class Huston R. Fannon,...
“Fresno Officer Dies in Action on German Front,”
Fresno Bee, April 3, 1945This article is part of a series...
The Pheley Brothers of Fresno, CaliforniaThis article is part of a series...
“Fresno Soldier is Killed in French Fighting,”
Fresno Bee, September 26,1944This article is part of a series...
“Army Names Base After Ex-Fresnan,” Fresno Bee, March 19, 1948This article is part of a series...Women in WWII: Cornelia Clark FortInteresting....very hard to know the 'who hit who'.....Fort had enough flying time to be a instructor, I know nothing about the other pilot. If Pastor Jeff had information on her being talked into a situation, I would love to know if reliable.
Regardless, so many losses in so many ways....
My take is the WAFS/WASPS deserve a bit more of history's 'time in the books'.
Many thanks for the commentary,
StarrFrom Panatella to PloestiI’m looking for information on My Great great GRANDFATHER WAS ON A B-24 LIBERATOR CALLED:
Diamond liIncoming Message: Classified, Ruth-lessI would like to communicate with you privately regarding a member of this flight crew. Please contact me via email so that I may explain my interest.From Panatella to PloestiBill, I would also be interested in any information on Never A Dull Moment.
My uncle's father flew on it and survived the war.
His name was Preston Angleberger.The Harry Truman Edition – Research Tour TravelogCould you please send me any information that you might have on 1st Lt. Paul Updyke.
He was my Uncle.Tomas Garza’s Daughter – “Now I Don’t Feel Empty”Hi, Jim. Thank you - I appreciate the kind words very much. Hope you're doing well and it's nice to hear from you. Best, Bill.8th air force
ascend charlie
Author Bill Beigel
B-24
b-24 Liberator
Bill Beigel fiction
D-Day
dday
june 6 1944
MIA
Missing in Action
P-47 Thunderbolt
P-51 Mustang
POW
war casualty research
world war 2 casualties
world war 2 research
World War II
WW2
WWIIBill’s WWII Almanac