http://www.worksbyfaith.org/privacy-policy/
Works By Faith Ministries
Giving Jesus our love, giving the world our prayers!
Skip to content
Home
Introduction
Latest
Contact
Devotions
Encouragement
The Saints
Meditations
Miracles
The Interior Life
Poetry
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Skip to cookie information
We take your privacy seriously. This policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. (This privacy policy is applicable to websites falling under the primary holder Works by Faith Ministries)
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes, and lets us know what pages and information are useful and helpful to visitors.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, this site uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by Works by Faith Ministries, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the website.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
About Google advertising: What is the DoubleClick DART cookie? The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed here for further clarification.
Your feedback Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Warning:
Illegal string offset 'q' in /homepages/45/d96201384/htdocs/wp-content/plugins/quiz/quiz.php on line 60
Warning:
Illegal string offset 'a' in /homepages/45/d96201384/htdocs/wp-content/plugins/quiz/quiz.php on line 61
Warning:
Illegal string offset 'q' in /homepages/45/d96201384/htdocs/wp-content/plugins/quiz/quiz.php on line 179
Anti-Spam Quiz: s
Catholic Wall Photos
Parables and Stories
Early Church Fathers
The Message of God the Father
Subscribe today:
Get new posts by email:
Please follow & like us :)
Popular This WeekThe Mystery of The Blessed Virgin Mary (Part2)Prayer to the Holy SpiritPowerful Prayers Vatican Exorcist Uses to Drive Out EvilSt. John Bosco and the mysterious dog who protected himSt Anthony and the Mule (A Eucharistic Miracle)Two U.S. Marines Saved By St MichaelThe Beggar and Pope John Paul IIOn The Most Holy Eucharist21 Grams lost at point of Death – Is This The Weight of Our Soul?Prayer to defeat the work of SatanRecommended Christian Sites
Word on Fire
Catholic Online
Center for Biblical Theology
Jesus Power Ministries
EWTN
Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice
Home
Contact
Devotions
Encouragement
Introduction
The Saints
Meditations
Testimonies
Interior Life
Privacy
Cookies
Sitemap
Top
All material © Works by Faith Ministries 2009 - 2020 All Rights Reserved.
All work by http://www.worksbyfaith.org is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.Based on a work at www.worksbyfaith.org.Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at http://www.worksbyfaith.org/contact/.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.