http://www.ssem.com/privacy-policy-for-ssem-com
Search for:
HOME
AREAS OF PRACTICE
ANTITRUST
CONSUMER FRAUD
PRODUCT LIABILITY
PERSONAL INJURY
MEDICAL MALPRACTICE
NURSING HOME ABUSE
ABOUT SSEM
CURRENT INVESTIGATIONS
OUR ATTORNEYS
CONTACT US
LINKS
SSRI Use Associated with Birth Defects
Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs) are types of antidepressants. Brand names of SSRIs include: Paxil, Zoloft, Celexa, Prozac, Lexapro, Symbyax, Wellbutrin and Effexor. These drugs inhibit neuronal serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake and slightly inhibit dopamine reuptake. SSRIs have been associated with serious, life-threatening birth defects. Research suggests that, if a mother took SSRI’s during pregnancy, […]
Diabetes Drug Actos Linked to Bladder Cancer
Actos (generically known as pioglitazone), ACTOplus met (pioglitazone HCI and metformin HCI), Actoplus met xr (pioglitazone HCI and metformin HCI extended-release) and Duetact (pioglitazone HCI and glimepiride) are used to treat type 2 diabetes. The manufacturers of Actos (pioglitazone) warned doctors that the drug may cause or worsen congestive heart failure and that Actoplus met […]
DePuy Orthopaedics ASR Hip Replacement Recall
A DePuy Orthopaedics (Subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson) ASR hip replacement recall was issued for two DePuy Orthopaedics hip replacement products: the ASR Hip Resurfacing System the ASR XL Acetabular System after data indicated that 12% (one in eight patients) may fail within five years, requiring painful revision hip replacement surgery. The DePuy ASR Hip Implant […]
Drug Regulators in the US and Europe Restrict Use of Avandia (rosiglitazone)
NYTimes (9/23, Harris).  Drug regulators in Europe and the US have restricted the use of Avandia (rosiglitazone), the diabetes medicine made by GlaxoSmithKline, due to an elevated risk of cardiovascular events, such as heart attack or stroke.  Medwatch Avandia Safety Alert 9.23.10 Avandia will no longer be sold in Europe.  Patients in the US will […]
Pain Pumps Can Cause Cartilage Damage
Pain Pumps were developed and marketed as a way to speed up recovery following surgery for post-operative pain management.  Recent studies have shown that intra-articular pain pumps can cause catastrophic cartilage damage. Pain pumps deliver anesthetic directly into a patient’s joint following orthopedic surgery.  Pain management pumps are used to control pain without the side […]
Avandia® (Rosiglitazone)
There have been suspicions that the diabetes drug Avandia® (rosiglitazone) has been associated with a greater incidence of heart attacks among those taking Avandia for long periods of time. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) reviewed data from a long-term study regarding the use of the diabetes drug Avandia® (rosiglitazone). The study, nicknamed RECORD […]
Yasmin “Yaz” Birth Control
Yasmin and Yaz were approved by the Food & Drug Administration for women to use as a birth control pill.  The generic name for Yasmin is “Ocella.” Unlike many drugs which are marketed strictly to doctors,  Yaz and Yasmin were marketed directly to women, particularly targeting young women.  Television ads promised to treat the pain […]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Case Updates
SC AG Files Lawsuit Against GSK for Improper Marketing of Diabetes Drug
June
3, 2011
Drug Regulators in the US and Europe Restrict Use of Avandia (rosiglitazone)
September
23, 2010
NHTSA Raises Number of Deaths Associated with Toyota Acceleration
May
26, 2010
Toyota Pays $16.4 Million Fine
May
19, 2010
Toyota Announces Plan to Replace Accelerators in Secondary Recall
March
23, 2010
Privacy Policy for SSEM.com
Collection of Personal Information
Specter Specter Evans & Manogue, P.C. (SSEM) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement relates to personal data collected through the use of online inquiry forms found on certain pages of this website.
On certain pages of this website, we ask you to provide personal information, such as your name, e-mail address, daytime and evening phone number, and any questions or comments you may have. Additionally, we collect certain standard environment information that your browser sends to every website you visit including, but not limited to, information such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times, etc.
Use of Personal Information
SSEM collects personal information that you submit via one of our online inquiry forms for the purpose of contacting you to determine if we may be able to provide you with legal representation. As noted in our Terms of Use page, however, you agree and understand that in visiting this site and/or using one of our online inquiry forms you are not entering into an attorney client relationship with Specter Specter Evans & Manogue, P.C. or any attorney within the law firm.
SSEM collects certain standard environment information, referenced above, for the purpose of making our website as efficient as possible for website and search engine users.
Any personal information, whether it is personal contact information or environment information, is never sold, leased or rented to third parties and is only distributed as necessary to third parties as described in the section below titled “Sharing Personal Information.”
Sharing Personal Information
SSEM may use third parties to provide SSEM with website design and maintenance, search engine optimization services, and other Internet related services. SSEM may share personal information with such third parties solely for the purpose of aiding such parties in providing their services to SSEM. SSEM’s third party providers have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and not use it for any other purpose.
Use of Cookies
SSEM does not use “cookies” to log information or to track your activity on this website.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy statement, please contact us directly using the information below.
Specter Specter Evans & Manogue, P.C.
The 26th Floor Koppers Building
436 Seventh Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
(412) 642-2300
Please click the back button on your browser to return to the previous page or click on Specter Specter Evans & Manogue, P.C..
Case Blogs
Actos Whistleblower Lawsuit Alleges Takeda Pharmaceuticals Attempted to Influence Reports of Actos Side Effects.
March
27, 2012
SSRI Use Associated with Birth Defects
January
13, 2012
Diabetes Drug Actos May Increase Risk of Bladder Cancer
December
8, 2011
FDA Issues Safety Announcement on Contraceptives Containing Drospirenone
June
3, 2011
SC AG Files Lawsuit Against GSK for Improper Marketing of Diabetes Drug
June
3, 2011
Client Testimonials
John Evans was referred to us and we decided to consult with him.
He was compassionate and clearly articulated our options and our rights.
Through his direction and expert legal representation, we were able to successfully reach a settlement with the insurance company that was fair and equitable.L.L. (Texas) Read the full testimonial...
CONTACT US:
Specter Specter Evans
& Manogue, P.C.
The Koppers Building
26th Floor
436 Seventh Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
Phone: (412) 642-2300
Toll Free: (800) 642-5297
Fax: (412) 642-2309
"A national firm helping people who have been injured or
defrauded"
Copyright © 1999-2009 Specter Specter Evans & Manogue, P.C.
Home • Case Updates • Areas Of Practice • Attorneys • Contact
Us
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy