https://www.wlcj.org/privacy-policy/
News
Calendar
Contact Us
Join
Donate
Log In
Go
Close
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Women’s League for Conservative Judaism (WLCJ) places the highest priority on safeguarding the privacy of all information and email addresses collected. We guarantee that we will make the utmost effort within our ability to guard from disclosure of e-mail addresses and any other personal information from being disclosed.  In addition, WLCJ will not disclose nor sell any personal information to any third parties.
Our website privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for WLCJ, any personal information collected on this web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
Request for Information
A user that completes a Request for Information form must provide such information as name and email address. This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about activities, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Online Registrations and Donations
When registering for an event or donating online using one of our secure forms, we may request information from you to process your registration or donation. You will be required to provide contact information such as name and email address, and financial information like credit card number and expiration date. This information is used to complete your registration. If there is a problem processing your registration, we may use this information to contact you.
Wherever we collect sensitive information such as credit card data, that information is encrypted and transmitted via a secure gateway to a credit card processor.  No credit card numbers, expiration dates or security codes are stored on our website.  You can verify that sensitive information is collected securely by looking for a closed lock icon on your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a highly secure environment.
Links
Our web site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website, and to read the privacy statements of any other website that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information, and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
Cookies
We DO NOT use “cookies” on our site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help improve access to sites and identify repeat visitors to our site.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 212-870-1260 or via email at info@wlcj.org.
475 Riverside Drive, Suite 820, New York, NY 10115 | Phone: 212-870-1260 | Fax: 212-879-1262 | info@wlcj.org
Copyright © 2020 Women’s League for Conservative Judaism. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Website by Addicott Web