https://www.mjcmjc.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Field Ministry Products and Supplies
Gifts
Greeting Cards
Book Covers and More!
My Account
My Account
Checkout
Blog
Log In
Language Selection
French
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Kreyol
mjcmjc.com (en)
Portuguese
Spanish
Search
SHOPPING CART
2021 NEW ItemsGIFTS MinistryService BagsBinders / Book CoversMisc-Items
Greeting CardsEncouragementThank YouGet WellMinistryElders/ServantsSympathyThinking of YouAnniversaryWeddingBabyOther OccasionesBaptismFriendshipNo BloodBiblical PrintsOn SaleCLOSEOUT ITEMSFeatured Products
Privacy Policy
Please replace this text with you Privacy Policy. Please add any additional cookies your website uses below (e.g., Google Analytics)
This privacy policy sets out how mjcmjc.com uses and protects any information that you give mjcmjc.com when you use this website. mjcmjc.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. mjcmjc.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode
WE DO NOT STORE OR SAVE ANY DEBIT OR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE OR COMPANY FOR SECURITY REASONS
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about sales and new products which we think you may find interesting.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Navigate
About Us
MJC Distributors
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
RSS
From the Blog
The Most Sought After Meeting Cases for Jehovah’s Witnesses
The Finest Range of Tract Holders for Jehovah’s Witnesses
Check Out the Latest Service Supplies for Jehovah's Witnesses
Gift Scriptural Greeting Cards to Jehovah’s Witnesses
Book Covers for Jehovah’s Witnesses
About MJC
Since 1996 MJC has created products uniquely designed for the personal lives and ministry of Jehovah’s Witnesses. From unique gifts, faith posters and greeting cards, to book covers, messenger bags and much more, you will find exceptional value and quality.
Contact
MJC17501 SW 65th CtSouthwest Ranches FL 33331954-434-6841info@mjcmjc.com