http://www.brnonline.org/terms-of-use
Terms of Use | Baptist Resource Network
skip to Main Content
TwitterFacebookPinterestInstagramVimeoEmail
MenuCOVID-19AboutMeet the Baptist Resource NetworkDownloadable “BRN Family” GuideMeet Southern BaptistsHow to AffiliateHow to Become a ChristianChurch SearchTeamCalendarMinistry AreasAreas of ServiceJob ListingPost a JobHousingVolunteer HouseWarren HouseNewsOnline News— By Category— By Region— By BehaviorSubmit Your NewsSubscribe to Weekly NewsletterWeekly Newsletter ArchiveGiveGive OnlineGiving OptionsState Missions OfferingSearch
Terms of Use (“Terms”)
Thank you for your interest in our website, www.brnunited.org (the “Website”), operated by the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey. Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms,” “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the Website and any associated applications.
Your access to and use of the Website is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use it.
By accessing or using the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service.
This site and its components are offered for informational purposes only; this site shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the site, and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions in that information.
Acceptable use
Unless otherwise stated, the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey (dba Baptist Resource Network) and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website, content, and other material on the website. Subject to the license below, all intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these Terms of Use.
Without express written permission, you may not:
• republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
• sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
• reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
• edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
• redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
• Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed as specified with each piece.
DMCA Policy
The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey website if such claims are reported to the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey’s Designated Copyright Agent identified in the sample notice below.
If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site by completing and delivering the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement to the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey’s Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of Notice as described below, the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Site.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or – if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice – you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and to which access is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Website or the exact location where such material may be found.
Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of, the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”
Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey’s Designated Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agent
Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey
4620 Fritchey Street
Harrisburg, PA 17109
helpdesk@brnunited.org
Unacceptable use
You must not use this Website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the Website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this Website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Website is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Website may be subject to prosecution.
You must not use this Website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
Restricted access
Occasionally, access to certain areas of this Website will become restricted (such as specific training modules for registered users, etc.). The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey reserves the right to restrict access to these areas of this Website at its discretion.
If the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this Website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey may disable your user ID and password at its sole discretion without notice or explanation.
Password and Account Protection
We encourage you to use unique numbers, letters, and special characters in setting your account password. Do not disclose your passcode to anyone. Please be advised that you are responsible for all actions taken under your User account. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password and notify us if you need assistance. You can change your password at any time in your account information.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the website, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your purchase including, without limitation, your name, address, telephone number, email address and credit card information. This information will be collected and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Cookies
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey’s Privacy Policy.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey does not warrant that:
• this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
• the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading (though every attempt will be made to ensure that it is).
Archives
The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey may, but does not commit to, keep archives of any or all content, discussions, comments, and other postings or submissions.
Limitations of liability
The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
• to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
• for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
• for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our website immediately, at our sole discretion, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey. The Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at helpdesk@brnunited.org.
Want to stay connected? Subscribe to our weekly BRN United e-news!
Subscribe
Copyright 2020 Baptist Resource Network of Pennsylvania/South Jersey - All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
4620 Fritchey Street, Harrisburg, PA 17109 | helpdesk@brnunited.org | 800-451-6599 | BRN Staff |
User Login
COVID-19
About
Meet the Baptist Resource Network
Downloadable “BRN Family” Guide
Meet Southern Baptists
How to Affiliate
How to Become a Christian
Church Search
Team
Calendar
Ministry Areas
Areas of Service
Job Listing
Post a Job
Housing
Volunteer House
Warren House
News
Online News
— By Category
— By Region
— By Behavior
Submit Your News
Subscribe to Weekly Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter Archive
Give
Give Online
Giving Options
State Missions Offering
Back To Top
×Close search
Search
Search
Submit