https://www.carelodge.com/how-to-help/volunteer.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Mission, Vision, and Values
Board & Staff
Service Area
Financials
Careers
Locations
Contact Us
What We Do
Victim Services
Get Help- 24/7 Help Line
Shelter
Non-Residential Services
Transitional Housing Program
Safe Haven for Pets
Community-Based Support Services
Children's Program
Court Advocacy and Support
Counseling
Safety Planning
Violence Intervention Program
Teen Dating Violence
Training and Speakers Bureau
Resources
How To Help
Donate
Donate Goods
Volunteer
Christmas at Care Lodge
News & Events
Blog
Event Calendar
26th Annual Care Lodge Conference on Interpersonal Violence
Join Our Mailing List
Important Links
Volunteer
VolunteerThank you for your interest in helping out at Care Lodge! Over the years, volunteers have enriched the lives of the victims we serve through many different types of service.
Please see the list below for ongoing volunteer opportunities at Care Lodge. If you want to volunteer for any of the opportunities below,please fill out the Volunteer form and Care Lodge staff will be in touch with you soon!
Current Volunteer Opportunities
Exercise Classes
We are looking for experienced instructors to lead exercise/aerobics classes, such as Zumba or dance, to promote a healthy lifestyle.
Provide Dinner
Prepare a meal or provide catering for our shelter program (any day of the week).
Host a Fundraiser for Care Lodge
Many individuals and groups in the community have organized their own fundraising efforts on behalf of Care Lodge.
Maintenance
Provide light maintenance services such as replacing light bulbs, minor building repairs, etc.
Christmas at Care Lodge
Every year during the holiday season, we collect a list of presents the kids want that year. Consider hosting a holiday drive with friends and family or at your workplace to help fulfill our holiday gift shopping list!
How To Help
Donate
Donate Goods
Volunteer
Christmas at Care Lodge
Our Contributors
United Way of East Mississippi