http://www.interfaith.org/about/#privacy
Interfaith Online
About
Interfaith.org is a freely available and independent online publication, providing information and discussion on a comprehensive range of religion, faith, and spiritual matters.
Our group seeks to fulfill a mission of interfaith dialogue and exploration of others beliefs while being a place to discuss the intricacies of our own belief in a safe format.
Contact Us
admin@interfaith.org
Copyright
Articles are the opinions of the individual authors and not necessarily that of interfaith.org.
The articles  should be considered as copyright all rights reserved, and commercial usage is strictly forbidden.
However they may be quoted whole or in part free of charge in other publications and around the internet as long as their wording is not changed and both the writer and interfaith.org are credited as the source. In such instances, a return link to this site would be appreciated.
Disclaimer
Interfaith.org is a general information resource that is provided for free on the internet. However, no warranties are made as to the accuracy of the data or information provided on the website Interfaith.org, and users accept the data and information presented on the site at their own risk.
The information provided on Interfaith.org is simply intended to be illustrative and at no point should this information be used for illegal, malicious or other harmful activities. At absolutely no point should the information provided on Interfaith.org be considered to be advice, either generically, or individually according to your personal circumstances.
Any decisions you make, whether regarding services or products cover on this site, that you make using information published or suggested on the website Interfaith.org is done entirely at your own risk, and the owners, administrators, writers, and other staff, employed directly or indirectly in the provision of this website, shall not be held liable for any such decisions or consequences thereof that you should make in using this website.
If you do not agree to these terms of use and general disclaimer for Interfaith.org then you should not access the website.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. That’s why we will not collect any personally identifiable information without your express permission. Any such information that is collected will not be provided to any third party, nor will be used for any purpose excepting to provide information on recent updates to the Techwatch.co.uk website and forums. All data collected on users is covered by the UK Data Protection act.
FEATURE: Celtic Myths
Visit the ancient mythology of Ireland and their celtic legends in Myths and Legends of the Celtic Race, an excellent free resource that covers not least the Ultonian and Ossianic cycles of Irish lore.
Interfaith.org © 2003-2020 All rights reserved.  |
About
|
Staff
|
Privacy
|
Disclaimer
|
Press/Media
|
Contact us