http://www.unep-wcmc.org/terms-and-conditions
Copyright
© 2018 United Nations Environment Programme
The United Nations Environment Programme World Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP-WCMC) is the specialist biodiversity assessment arm of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the world’s foremost intergovernmental environmental organization. The Centre has been in operation for over 30 years, combining scientific research with practical policy advice.
Terms and Conditions
1. Use of this Site is governed by the following terms and conditions:
1. United Nations Environment Programme (“UNEP”) maintains this website (the "Site") as a courtesy to those who may choose to access the Site ("Users").
2. UNEP grants permission to Users to visit the Site and to download and copy the information, documents and materials (collectively, "Materials") from the Site for the non-commercial use, without any right to resell or redistribute them or to compile or create derivative works therefrom, subject to the terms and conditions outlined below, and also subject to more specific restrictions that may apply to specific Materials within this Site.
3. No waiver by UNEP of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be binding except as set forth in writing and signed by its duly authorized representative.
2. Disclaimers
1. The contents of this report do not necessarily reflect the views or policies of UNEP, its contributory organizations or editors or Member States.
2. The designations employed and the presentations of material in this report do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of UNEP or contributory organizations, editors or publishers concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city area or its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries or the designation of its name, frontiers or boundaries.
3. The mention of a commercial entity or product in this website does not imply any endorsement by UNEP.
4. Materials provided on this Site are provided "as is" and UNEP specifically does not make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any such Materials.
5. Under no circumstances shall UNEP be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered that is claimed to have resulted from the use of this Site, including, without limitation, any fault, error, omission, interruption or delay with respect thereto.
6. The use of this Site is at the User's sole risk. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to negligence, shall UNEP or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, even if the UNEP has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
7. As a condition of use of this Site, the User agrees to indemnify UNEP and its affiliates from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of the User's use of this Site, including, without limitation, any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by the User of these Terms and Conditions. If the User is dissatisfied with any Material on this Site or with any of its Terms and Conditions of Use, the User's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
8. This Site may contain links and references to third-party web sites. The linked sites are not under the control of UNEP and UNEP is not responsible for, nor does it endorse, any of their content.
3. Preservation of immunities
1. Nothing herein shall constitute or be considered to be a limitation upon or a waiver of the privileges and immunities of the United Nations, which are specifically reserved.
4. General
1. UNEP reserves its exclusive right in its sole discretion to alter, limit or discontinue the Site or any Materials in any respect. UNEP shall have no obligation to take the needs of any User into consideration in connection therewith.
2. UNEP reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any user access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice.
5. UNEP-WCMC Privacy Information
At the United Nations Environment Programme World Conservation Monitoring Centre (UNEP-WCMC), we are committed to being transparent about the use of your personal data. The purpose of this information is to describe how we collect and use personal data during your engagement with UNEP-WCMC. We will never sell your information to third parties.
A bit more about us and how we handle personal data.
We are registered with the ICO, reference: ZA320142.
Where we require external legal advice, any personal data relevant to the advice will potentially be shared with the provider.
We outsource our IT support and have appropriate contract terms in place to make sure we are compliant.
Employees and Associates who come into contact with your personal Data have obligations to adhere to policies and are regularly trained in security and privacy best practice.
Applying for a job with us
The information you provide us is only shared internally in order to run a fair recruitment process. The steps in this process are:
Shortlisting applicants
Arranging and conducting interviews
Offer and acceptance
Pre-employment vetting
If you change your mind during the process we will delete your information immediately. If your application is unsuccessful, we’ll ask you whether you want us to keep your details in case another opportunity comes up, otherwise, we’ll delete them after 12 months.
The processing of personal data for the purpose of recruitment is done on the basis of legitimate interests. This is because it’s in your interest if you want to apply for a role with us and for us to follow a fair process, and in WCMC's interest to find high-quality team members to join us. We also have a legal obligation under the immigration act to check your right to work in the UK.
Downloading our data sets
If you are downloading a data set we will use your contact details to manage the license agreement and arrangements.
Where we have taken payment for your use of the data set, we will also use your contact information to keep you informed about other data sets which may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of these communications at any time.
It’s in the interests of WCMC to manage our IP and it’s in your interest to get access to relevant data, so this is on the basis of legitimate interests.
Our data sets
WCMC is the data controller for data sets which include personal data. These data sets are:
1. The World Database on Protected Areas, based upon UN Resolution 713 (XXVII), is a collaboration between UNEP and IUCN managed and hosted by UNEP-WCMC. Collection of data is further supported by several decisions from the Convention of Biological Diversity. Personal data collected relates to the provider of the protected areas data and is stored securely on-site at UNEP-WCMC. The personal data collected is not shared publicly and is only shared where prior agreement has been granted
When you use our website
We will process your personal data to:
Keep the site secure and problem-free.
Our web hosting provider keeps logs of connections to this site so that we can detect and prevent malicious activity. The logs contain your IP address (which can reveal your geographical location), the date and time of your connection, the pages you’ve visited in what order and for how long, and the browser you’re using (which can reveal the device you’re using as well). We make no use of this data on an individual level unless the traffic looks like an attack, in which case we will block the connection.
It’s in our interest – and yours – that our site is secure and working properly, so this processing of personal data is done on the basis of legitimate interests.
Understand how the website is used
We use cookies to help identify your computer so that we can optimise the user experience by helping us to understand which pages you find most interesting. The use of personal data in relation to the use of cookies is done on the basis of legitimate interests.
Using cookies, our website will track the pages you visit and record other user data such as how long you spend on each page. We can then view a summary that aggregates the data from all of our visitors (but not your individual behaviour) using, for example, Google Analytics.
Portions of websites managed by UNEP-WCMC will also allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, which you do at your own discretion.
If we think you'll be interested in UNEP-WCMC's work
If you've been contacted by UNEP-WCMC to offer a conversation about our work, then it's because our research has indicated that you might be interested in what we have to offer. We want to offer our services to organisations which would benefit from having our support and be able to approach the most suitable person to discuss this with, so this processing of personal data is done on the basis of legitimate interests.
Contacting us with comments or queries
We only process personal data where you have given consent for us to do so.
If, however, you have a comment or query about how we have handled your data or about the contents of this Privacy Statement, please contact us. We will respond efficiently to any complaints we receive. Our contact details are as follows:
dataprotectionleads@unep-wcmc.org