http://www.guilford656.org/privacy_policy
Guilford Lodge 656 A.F. & A.M.
426 W. Market St., Greensboro, NC 27403
Member Portal
Toggle Navigation
Home
Contact
Calendar
Current Officers
Past Officers
Photos
Links
Files
News
Sign In / Create Account
Privacy Policy
Our Lodge Page is a service of Vita Rara, Inc. doing business as Enable Labs. The Our Lodge Page service includes the Our Lodge Page iOS App, the Our Lodge Page Android App, the Our Lodge Page web site application, and such other components necessary to the operation of the service hereinafter referred to as Our Lodge Page.
This statement is meant to inform our users of how we define, gather and utilize personally identifiable information. We will take reasonable steps to protect user privacy consistent within the guidelines set forth in this policy and the law. By using Our Lodge Page, you consent to the following privacy policy.
This policy was updated on May 24, 2017.
Personal Information
User information such as email, username, and other information is collected when creating your account, and filling out various forms when using Our Lodge Page. At no point does Our Lodge Page or Enable Labs store your personal or organizational credit card information on our servers.
Our Lodge Page stores personal information such as email, phone number and other contact information for the purposes of communication between Our Lodge Page and our users.
Cookies are used to store information about your current session and user preferences. This information may be used to track and improve your usage of the service and to customize it to your needs. Cookies can be cleared in your browser settings between sessions.
Third Parties
Our Lodge Page stores personal information such as email, phone number and other contact information to facilitate communication between users of Our Lodge Page. As such Our Lodge Page will from time to time share contact information to authorized and authenticated members of your Organization, Lodge, Chapter, or Club.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer user information to outside parties, except as noted above. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Any linked, third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Guilford #656
426 W. Market St.
Greensboro, NC 27403
Directions
History
Charities
Join
Grand Lodge of North Carolina
Help
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy