http://www.cplg.com/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
About Us
What We Do
Meet The Team
Our Portfolio
News
Get In Touch
Careers
Terms Of Use
TERMS OF USE, Cookies and Privacy
Last Updated: May 25, 2018
Introduction
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the website located at www.cplg.com (including both mobile and online versions) made available by The Copyright Promotions Licensing Group Limited (“CPLG”, “we” “our” or “us”), (collectively, the “Service”).  CPLG is a limited liability company registered in England and Wales under company number 2133747, VAT number GB524252962, with its registered office at One Queen Caroline Street, 2nd Floor, London, W6 9YD United Kingdom, switchboard telephone number +44 (0) 20 8563 6400.
The term “you” or “your” refers to the person or entity accessing the Service.  By accessing the Service, you acknowledge and accept the Terms of Use.
1.         CONTENT AND OWNERSHIP
All images, trademarks, logos, materials and other items contained on this website belong to their respective owners, including CPLG, brand owners (“Licensors”), licensees, and other third parties, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other forms of intellectual property rights (collectively “Content”).   The material is provided As Is, and may not be reproduced, adapted or transmitted without the prior written permission of the owner.
2.         NOTICES AND QUESTIONS
We reserve the right to change these Terms at any time by prominently posting notice on the homepage of the Service.
If you have a question regarding using the Service, you may contact us at enquiries@cplg.com.
3.         LINKS
If CPLG utilizes any links to or from third-party websites, they shall be for your convenience only. CPLG has no control of and does not assume any liability for any linked sites, nor does CPLG endorse anything contained on a linked site.
4.         Limitations and Exclusions
Under no circumstances will CPLG be liable for any incidental, special or consequential damages arising in relation to the Content featured on this website.
5.         GOVERNING LAW
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
COOKIES & PRIVACY:
6.         COOKIES
This Website utilizes strictly necessary, performance and functionality related Cookies, to assist you to use and access the service, to monitor performance of the website, and enhance functionality.  The cookies we use on our website won't collect personally identifiable information about you and we won't disclose information stored in cookies that we place on your device to third parties. These cookies and related tracking technology may collect personal usage information such as:
your IP address, UDID or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) (a Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Service, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier);
your Device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information);
your Device location and characteristics; and
certain other Device data, including the time of day, among other information.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.  Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
In using the Service and accessing the website, you agree to the use of Cookies.  See http://www.allaboutcookies.org or http://www.youronlinechoices.com to learn more about cookies.
7.         Privacy
This Privacy Policy applies when you visit our website www.cplg.com (our website). It also applies where we are in contact with you in other ways, as for example a client, licensor, licensee, or third party supplier.  CPLG complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in all respects.  We ensure that the six data protection principles are upheld; that data is collected lawfully and fairly, for a limited purpose, relevant to what is necessary, accurate, held for no longer than necessary, and stored securely.
CPLG collects personal data for the limited purpose of providing services to licensors, licensees, service providers and other third parties.  It is in CPLG’s legitimate business interest to retain this data to offer a good and responsive service.  We may market our services, including providing newsletters or invitation to industry events which may be of interest to you or your colleagues.  You can always opt out of receiving e-mail communications by following the “unsubscribe link”.  We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.  We may also use the personal data of our clients, licensors, licensees, suppliers, etc. to fulfil or enforce the terms and conditions of any contracts between or managed by us.
We do not share personal data with other third parties, save as is necessary to provide the services to licensors, licensees, and service providers and other third parties, and to the extent that such other third parties do not already have such data.
CPLG does not transfer data outside of the EEA or UK, save as might be necessary to provide services to non EEA clients, licensors and licensees.  CPLG may also technically transfer data outside of the EEA to the extent CPLG utilizes its parent company’s back up network servers which are located in Canada, but all data stored on such servers will be secured and accessed only by authorised staff.  The European Commission has recognised Canada (commercial organisations) as providing adequate data protection.
CPLG use industry standard physical and procedural security measures to protect data.  This includes the use of VPN encrypted channels, firewalls, access controls and procedures to protect unauthorised access.  CPLG cannot guarantee 100% the security of information transmitted over the internet, but has procedures to deal with any suspected breach of security.
CPLG retains data for the purposes for which it was collected only, and for no longer than is necessary to satisfy any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.  For clients, licensors, licensees and third party suppliers, the longest statutory period for which we would retain any data is seven (7) years from the date the representation or service agreement ended (unless the contract between the parties requires a longer period of retention), and for direct marketing, no longer than two years from the date since we last had any active contact.
CPLG endeavours to ensure that data which we hold is accurate and up to date. You have the right to access, update and (in limited circumstances) request erasure of the personal data which we hold.  We will provide a copy of the personal data which we maintain within our data base upon written request. We may refuse such data subject access request if such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or repetitive in nature.
We are not required to appoint a formal data protection officer under data protection laws. If you have any questions about this policy, please send an e-mail to the Director of Legal Affairs, at enquiries@cplg.com.
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
Get In Touch
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Terms Of Use
© 2020 CPLG Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to improve user experience. If you continue browsing without changing your settings, you consent to our use of cookies. More information can be found in our Privacy & Cookies Policy.
Continue