http://www.regionalfoodbank.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma shares your concerns about privacy on the Internet. In order to better protect your privacy, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma has provided this notice explaining its online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on the Site. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy, being part of the Terms, works in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of Use, but does not modify or supersede it. On occasion, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma may run promotions or conduct other activities with affiliate partners from this Site. In such event, we may post additional privacy terms in conjunction with such promotion or activities that modify and/or supplement this Privacy Policy and govern the use of information related to or received through such promotions or activities.
The Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma values the privacy of our donors and does not copy, reproduce, publish, post, distribute, share or sell, the name, personal contact information or description of donors to any outside individual or business. Exceptions are those required by law, requested in grant applications or in connection with bank credit or debit card transactions made with prior knowledge or consent of the donor.
REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA'S COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
In the course of using the Site, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma may ask you for your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, fax number as well as other relevant information. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 2000 or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, EarthLink), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited.
HOW REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA USES THE INFORMATION
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma uses the non-personally identifiable information ("Aggregate Data") to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma to personalize your Internet experience. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs. Also, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma shares this Aggregate Data with Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma's related entities, advertisers, partners and/or other third party vendors. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
Except as otherwise indicated, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma uses the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you provide about yourself: (a) to respond to any of your inquiries or questions about our services; (b) for internal marketing purposes and as part of Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma's donor database; (c) to provide you additional and updated information, materials and other advertisements regarding the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma services; (d) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, or as otherwise required by law; (e) to protect the security or integrity of the Site; (f) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (g) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, however, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma encourages all its business Partners to adopt and adhere to standards of protection consistent with this Privacy Policy. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma will not use the Personal Information, except as set forth herein, without your permission; provided, however, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma shall own all such Personal Information and maintain copies of such as part of its records. If you do not wish to receive any such information or to allow Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma the right to use your personally identifiable information as described, please contact Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma in the manner identified in the "Opt-Out" section below. The Aggregate Data and Personal Information may be transferred, distributed or sold as part of Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma or its assets.
OPT OUT
You may choose not to receive such information and/or to allow Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma to use your information in the manner described above by simply checking the box provided on the contribution form itself, or by contacting us directly at info@regionalfoodbank.org. Upon receipt and processing of an "opt out" request, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma will, within its commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future marketing communications.
SECURITY; NO LIABILITY
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. You understand that data and communications, including e-mail and other electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet. Furthermore, the Site contains links to other web sites. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma is not responsible for nor can Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
Like other web sites, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma's servers, to administer the Site and for security purposes.
"Cookies" are pieces of data sent from a Web server to a Web browser that enable a Web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma may use Cookies in order to identify you to our site so that Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma can provide more customized information and services to you. In addition, our site may contain advertisements that may contain Cookies. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of Cookies by reviewing your browser's preferences and options.
A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma does not knowingly gather any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. You must be 13 years of age or older to access the Site. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma has no interest in collecting information from children under the age of 13.
MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma may change this Privacy Policy at any time, by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued viewing of or use of this Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
HOW TO CONTACT REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA FOR ANY REASON
You may contact Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, updating any personally identifiable information or anything else related to Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma and/or this Site at info@regionalfoodbank.org or at 405-972-1111.
Feed OK App Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy – July 1, 2018
This privacy policy governs your use of the FeedOK Mobile Application (“the “App”), feedok.regionalfoodbank.org (the “Site”), and all related products and services (the “Services” and together with the App and the Site, the “FeedOK”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in FeedOK Terms of Use which govern all use of the FeedOK Services.
Features available for use of the FeedOK Services, such as the Site or the App may include monitoring bank transactions, rounding up the difference to charities, sharing on social media, competing with friends, using the information from Round Ups, and making one-time or recurring donations. Donations are not made in the App or through the Site but are done so through a PCI-compliant payment gateway outside of the App and Site.
Data Collection
User Provided Information – The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is mandatory in order to be able to use the basic features of the Application.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide: (a) your name, email address, user name, password, phone number, address, photos, and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) bank login credentials to process donations outside of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information. We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and marketing promotions.
Application may collect information for social networking platforms, including contact information, friends lists, login information, and photos. Application will not share to your social networks without your consent. You can change sharing and privacy settings by going to the settings menu.
Automatically Collected Information – In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. See “Automatic Data Collection and Advertising” section for examples.
Location Information
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device but may do so in the future.
We may use your location information to provide requested location services, allow tagging, and understand how we acquire new users or why they change charity preferences. Location data may be shared with third parties for their independent use in order to understand conversion rates from non-users attending events and volunteer opportunities into Application users.
You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by disallowing Application to use GPS tracking through your device settings. For more information, please see the section below entitled “opt-out rights.”
Third-Party Access to Information Obtained by the Application
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
•        As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
•        When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
•        With our trusted service providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
•        If Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma is involved in a reorganization you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as choices you may have regarding this information;
•        To advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.
Bank login information is not stored in the Application. Transactions are not processed in Application. Bank login information will be used only for core functions of Application. Security procedures follow protocols described in documentation of SynapsePay and Plaid.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We will not work with advertisers and third party advertising networks to provide advertisements within the Application.
Opt-Out Rights
Opt-out of all information collection by deleting your account and uninstalling the Application – You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by deleting your account in the settings and uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
When applicable, you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by turning off GPS and location tracking in your device settings.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 18 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact support@cheerfulgiving.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact support@cheerfulgiving.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on www.regionalfoodbank.org/privacy and informing you via email. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy for any changes.
Your Consent
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies ion a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@cheerfulgiving.com.
MORE ABOUT THIS EVENT >
CONTINUE TO OUR SITE x