http://www.karasch.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
|
: 800-
621-5689
A Division of Karas Enterprises
Home
About
Testimonials
Our Staff
Divisions
Accessibility Services
Litigation Services
Legal Video
GSA
Join
Login
KaraschOR – Your Online Repository
Litigation Scheduling
Accessibility Portal Login
Media
News
Blog
E-Brochure
Videos
Alliances
Contact
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Karasch & Associates headquarters is located at:
1646 West Chester Pike, Suite 4
West Chester PA 19382
610-429-1508
It is Karasch & Associates’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.karasch.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.karasch.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information (PII) you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Karasch.com website is owned and managed by Karas, Inc. DBA Karasch & Associates/Setgo Scheduling/CVP Communications.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Karasch & Associates collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Karasch & Associates’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Karasch & Associates’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Karasch & Associates may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Karasch & Associates also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.karasch.com blog posts. Karasch & Associates only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Karasch & Associates’ websites choose to interact with Karasch & Associates in ways that require Karasch & Associates to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Karasch & Associates gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.karasch.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Karasch & Associates may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Karasch & Associates may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Karasch & Associates does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Karasch & Associates uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Karasch & Associates uses cookies to help Karasch & Associates identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.karasch.com, and their website access preferences. Karasch & Associates visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Karasch & Associates’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of Karasch & Associates’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Karasch & Associates’ use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Karasch & Associates – by purchasing Karasch & Associates’ services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Karasch & Associates collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Karasch & Associates. Karasch & Associates does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described in this document. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
E-commerce Refunds
Refunds, if applicable, may be credited back to the credit card used for payment, in the form of a mailed check and/or applied to future invoices.
Services cancelled within the cancellation policy window, as stated on agreements and contracts, will not be refunded.
E-commerce accepted payment types
Karasch accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover as credit card payments through our website.
We also offer ACH and mailed in checking options.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Karasch & Associates may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Karasch & Associates’ sole discretion. Karasch & Associates encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers to track visits to our sites and other information that assists us in generating appropriate site content.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users are able to change their personal information
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email and via letter within 7 business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.  This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send periodic emails regarding the services we provide.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
To provide an opt out link to stop emails from getting sent to specific users.  If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, click the opt out link and we will promptly remove you from the email list.
Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this ‘Privacy Policy’ without notice. This ‘Privacy Policy’ will be located on the website for review by any interested parties at any time.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Karasch & Associates
1646 West Chester Pike Suite 4
West Chester, Pennsylvania 19382
United States
1646 West Chester Pike, Suite 4,
West Chester, PA 19382
800-621-5689
Fax:
610-696-2008
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Divisions
Litigation
Accessibility Services
GSA / SSA
Legal Video
Client Logins
Case Repository
Litigation Scheduling
Accessibility Login
About Us
Company Info
Our Staff
Join the Team
Blog
Globy © 2019 | Privacy Policy