http://www.legalresourcelinks.com/personal-injury/
Home
Practice Areas
Personal Injury
Attorney Malpractice Articles Auto Accidents / Product Liability Web Links Aviation Accidents
Federal Court Rules – Damages Federal Statutes Damages References Decisions Regarding Insurance
Insurance Statutes Insurance Information Professional Web Links PI Articles PI Web Links PI Mesothelioma
Product Liability Federal Judicial Decisions Product Liability Statutes Products Liability Web Sites
Professional Malpractice Case Articles
Malpractice Web Links
Tort Law Statutes Tort Law References Useful Forms
Worker’s Compensation Statutes Workers Compensation Links Worker’s Compensation Judicial Decisions
Worker’s Compensation Regulations Wrongful Death Web Sites
Attorney Malpractice Articles
Bronx Medical Malpractice Lawyer
La Washington
Delve into this email community forum to ask questions, obtain resources, and gain facts about its tort and personal injury central topics.
Law Guru Internet Law Library
Directory maintains a compendium of reports, commentary and case law regarding such issues as privacy torts, products liability and negligence.
Medical Malpractice Lawyers
Resources, information and attorneys by Consultwebs.com
WashLaw
Washington Univ. School of Law maintains a data storehouse focusing on tort and compensation issues. Find guides, directories and mailing lists.
When Does The Statute Of Limitations Begin To Run On A Claim Against A Professional. Metzger, Kari A. January 1996 The test for determining when a cause of action for attorney malpractice arises is “when the existence of redressable harm has been established.
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Automobile Accidents / Product Liability Web Links
Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety
All Terrain Vehicles
Automobile Accidents
Automobile Accidents Info
Automobile Crashtest Results
Automobiles – Defective Products
Automobiles – Products Liability
Buying a Safer Car
Car Seats – Products Liability
Charlotte Accident Lawyer
Crash Statistics and Analysis
The Electronic Highway Safety Library
Firestone Tires
Injury Databases
Insurance Institute For Highway Safety
Motor Vehicle Safety
National Transportation Safety Board
NHTSA – National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
Public Affairs Info for U.S. Department of Transportation
Society of Automotive Engineers
Vehicle Recall Information from the Consumer Product Safety Commission
West Palm Beach Injury/Car Accident Lawyer
Lawguru.COM – Personal Injury Claim Books and Guides – Personal Injury and Auto Accident Claim Books and Guides from the LawGuru.com book store.
Car Accident Attorneys and Legal Resources
Find Car Accident Attorneys in all 50 states and get legal help
Vehicle Wreck Lawyers
Resources, information and attorneys by Consultwebs.com
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Aviation Accidents / Major Accidents
Accidents Involving Trains, Planes and Ships
Aeronautic Nation – online information about history, the pilots that flew the planes, mysteries and disasters of flight, and more.
Air Disaster
Aviation Disaster Lawyers
Aviation resources, links, attorneys by Consultwebs.com
CBS NEWS
Air Disaster Coverage
Airline Crash Database
Aviation Safety Data
Air Safety Online – special reports and ongoing coverage, statistics, forums, and photos of aviation accidents and disasters.
Emergency Volunteer Air Corps – organizing aviation disaster relief volunteers.
Final Report of Gore Commission White House Commission on Aviation Safety and Security Final Report to President Clinton Vice President Al Gore, Chairman February 12, 1997 Introduction Change. That one word sums up both the challenges in aviation safety and security, and the means
www.avweb.com
FindLaw: Legal Subjects: Tort Law: Publications – Journals, Newsletters and Articles
Major Airline Disasters – database of major commercial airline disasters from 1920 on. Includes dates, locations, and plane types.
National Air Disaster Alliance/Foundation – advocacy organization raising the standard of safety, security, survivability, and support.
National Transportation Safety Board
Government Aviation
– Accident Site
NOVA: Escape! – engineers have learned from past disasters to make accidents increasingly survivable. Includes fire, car, plane, and sea safety features and tips, the human response to accidents, and survivor stories.
NTSB – Family Assistance Plan FEDERAL FAMILY ASSISTANCE PLAN FOR AVIATION DISASTERS PREPARED BY THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD July 6, 1999 SUBJECT: Federal Family Assistance Plan for Aviation Disasters
Public Affairs Info for U.S. Department of Transportation
www.securitymanagement.com
White House Commission on Aviation Safety and Security Final Report to President Clinton Vice President Al Gore, Chairman February 12, 1997 Introduction Change.
TOUR OPERATORS AND AIR CARRIERS : MODERN THEORIES OF LIABILITY TOUR OPERATORS AND AIR CARRIERS : MODERN THEORIES OF LIABILITY [ Published In The Aviation Quarterly, October 1996 ] By Judge Thomas A. Dickerson 1 Litigating on behalf of travelers who have been seriously injured in exotic and distant locales can
www.courts.state.ny.us
Yahoo! News – Aviation Accidents
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Federal Court Rules and Judicial Decisions – Damages
Damages State Statutes
Uniform Laws
Model Punitive Damages Act (Proposed)
U.C.C., Article 2, Part 7 – Remedies
State Statutes
Article 2 of Uniform Commercial Code as Adopted by Particular States
State Judicial Decisions
N.Y. Court of Appeals:
Appellate Decisions from Other States
Commentary from liibulletin-ny
Damages CasesFederal Rules of Civil Procedure:
Rule 9(g) – Special Damages
Rule 54(c) – Judgment
U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals: Recent Decisions Dealing with Damage
U.S. Supreme Court: Recent Decisions Dealing with Damages
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Federal Statutes Damages References
U.S. Code:
15 U.S.C. §§ 15-15e – Restraint of Trade Suits
26 U.S.C. – Damages and Income Taxation
28 U.S.C. – Recovery of Damages Against the U.S. and Foreign States
45 U.S.C., Chapter 2 – Railway Carriers
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Federal Judicial Decisions Regarding Insurance
U.S. Supreme Court:
Magnuson – Moss Warranty Act (Consumer Product Warranties), 15 U.S.C. §§ 2301 et seq.
Recent Insurance Cases
United States v. South-Eastern Underwriters Assoc., 322 U.S. 533 (1944)
U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals: Recent Decisions on Insurance
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Insurance State Statutes
State Statutes on Insurance
Judicial Decisions
N.Y. Court of Appeals:
Commentary from liibulletin-ny
Recent Decisions on Insurance
Appellate Decisions from Other States
Federal Statutes Regarding Insurance
U.S. Code:
Crop Insurance – 7 U.S.C., Chapter 36
Flood Insurance – 42 U.S.C., Chapter 50
Liability Risk Retention – 15 U.S.C., Chapter 65
McCarran-Ferguson Act Recognizing State Regulation of Insurance – 15 U.S.C., Chapter 20
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Insurance Information Web Links
ABA Tort and Insurance Practice Section
American Insurance Association
Canadian Institute of Actuaries
Federation of Insurance & Corporate Counsel
Insurance Information Institute
Law Research – Insurance Companies
National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC)
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Other Professional Web Links
Alliance for Justice
Alliance to End Childhood Lead Poisoning
ALSO, American Law Sources On-Line.
AMA’s Physician Finder
American Arbitration Association
American Bar Association
American Arbitration Association
ACLU: American Civil Liberties Union
American College of Surgeons
American Corporate Counsel Association
American Health Lawyer Association
American Inns of Court Foundation
American Intellectual Property Law Association
American Lawyer Media Law Firm Surveys
Amlaw 100, NLJ 250, Firms to watch, Global 50…
American Society of Association Executives
American Society of International Law
Association of Federal Defense Attorneys (AFDA)
Association of Trial Lawyers of America
Baltimore Maryland Bar Association
Center for Law and Social Policy
Clark County Nevada Bar Association
Council for Court Excellence
D.C. Street Law Project and Family Literacy Project
Defense Research Institute
Doc Finder
Environmental Protection Agency
Expert Witnesses from LawInfo
Expert Pages
Internet Directory of Experts
FCC
Federation of Insurance and Corporate Counsel
Food and Drug Administration
HALT – An Organization of Americans for Legal Reform
Hispanic National Bar Association
Institute for Justice
International Legal Fraternity – Phi Delta Phi
International Society of Lawyers for Public ServiceProBono Attorney association
International Trade Commission Trial Lawyer Association
JAS Publications Expert Search
Free searchable database on specific experts. Cases previously involved in are provided. Fee charged to obtain copies of prior testimony.
Judge Advocates Association
For legal professionals working with military legal issues, dedicated to military and veterans law
Judge David L. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law
Justice Information Center (NCJRS)
Jurist: Law Professors on the Web
Law Book Network
The “ebay” for Law Books, with one caveat, its free! Buy and sell used law books
lawresearch.com – a search form for all the Internet-accessible federal appellate court opinions, U.S. Code, U.S. bills, Code of Federal Regulations on one page.
Lawyers Alliance for New York
Legal Information Institute
Legal Nurse Consultants by State
By Legal Med Ware
LexNotes Lawyer Directories
Martindale-Hubbell
Maryland Institute for Continuing Professional Education of Lawyers
Medical Legal Web Directory
By Legal Med Ware
Municipal Code Corporation
National Association of Attorneys General
The National Association of Process Servers
National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers
National Association for Law Placement
National Council of Nonprofit Associations
National Governors Association
National Legal Aid and Defender Association
National Legal Center for the Public Interest
National Partnership for Women and Families
National Prison Project of the ACLU, Inc.
National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation, Inc.
National Senior Citizens Law Center
Occupational Safety Health Administration – OSHA/USDOL
On-line CLE
One-Look Dictionary
Oregon Criminal Defense Lawyers Association
The Peoples’ Law Library of Maryland
Public Citizen Litigation Group
Search for an Expert
State Court Locators, Findlaw, research cases, cites and various state court information.
Street Law, Inc.
Texas Law Librarians
Trial Lawyers for Public Justice
U.S. Department of Agriculture Homepage
U.S. Department of Justice
Virginia Government
Virginia General Assembly
Washington Legal Foundation
Westgroup Attorney Register
A Register of Attorneys, plus Daily Law Highlights Of The Latest Cases, Online Product Catalog With Latest Products For Order
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Personal Injury Articles
Appellate Developments in Medical Negligence, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland &
Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. Summer, 1995. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Appellate Developments in Medical Negligence, by Karen Rabenau, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. April, 2001. – Web (HTML) Format | PDF (DOC Format) | PDF MAG Format LS | PDF MAG Format HS
Are You Your Child’s Keeper?, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 3rd Quarter, 1990. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Bad Faith and the UM/UIM Claim, by Jay Trehy, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
The Best Tort Reform: Changing the Way We Handle Medical Malpractice Would Go a Long Way Toward Improving Health Care in North Carolina, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. The Journal of Common Sense. Summer, 1998. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Discovering a Defendant’s Statement to His Insurance Company’s Claims Adjuster, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 3rd Quarter, 1991. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Fear of Dying, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 4th Quarter, 1989. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Focus Groups: How They Help and How To Conduct Them Inexpensively, by Howard Twiggs and Don Strickland, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. NCATL Focus Groups. March, 2001 – LS (Low Speed Connection)
From Investigation to Summation: Persuasion of the Jury on Damages, by Jay Trehy, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Getting the Most Out of Your Discovery Depositions: Making A List and Checking It Twice, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 1st Quarter, 1992. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
The Interplay Between Workers’ Compensation and Third-Party Claims, by Doug Abrams and Karen Rabenau, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. The Litigator. October, 1993. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Learned Writings and Educational Films as Exceptions to the Hearsay Rule, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 3rd Quarter, 1984. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Life Goes On: The Admissibility of Remarriage in Wrongful Death Cases by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 1st Quarter, 1993. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Making Slip-and-Fall Injury Instructions Less Slippery, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 1st Quarter, 1991. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Mandatory Arbitration Clauses In Medical Negligence Cases, by Karen Rabenau, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. NCATL Medical Negligence. May, 2000. – Web (HTML) Format | PDF (DOC Format)
Maximizing Damages in Civil Cases, by Don Strickland, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Medical Malpractice Case Update, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. Summer, 1995. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Medical Malpractice Case Update: Frivolous Appeals and Perjured Testimony, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 3rd Quarter, 1985. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Medical Negligence in North Carolina: Past and Present, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. April, 2001. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Medical Negligence Jury Instructions in Light of Wall v. Stout, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 2nd Quarter, 1984. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Money in the Bank, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. July, 1999. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Negligence and Causation without Experts: Recent Medical Malpractice Cases by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs, 4th Quarter, 1984. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
New Commandments of Cross Exam Found, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 2nd Quarter, 1992. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
New Legislation Changes the Rules for Stacking, by Jay Trehy, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 4th Quarter, 1991. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
New Obstacles for Victims, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 1st Quarter, 1986. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
North Carolina Case Law on Extracontractual Liability of Insurers For Breaching the Insurance Contract, by Jay Trehy, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Obtaining A Fair Medical Malpractice Charge, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 1st Quarter, 1984. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Practical Issues and New Developments in Tort Law by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 2nd Quarter, 1989. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
“Similar Training and Experience” under N.C.G.S. § 90-21.12, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 3rd Quarter, 1983. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
What Do They Teach Doctors About Lawyers?, by Jeff Essen, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 4th Quarter, 1985. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
When the Minimum Isn’t Good Enough, by Don Beskind, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. Trial Briefs. 3rd Quarter, 1989. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Working With the UIM Carrier to Collect Liability Insurance and Preserve the UIM Claim, by Jay Trehy, Twiggs, Beskind, Strickland & Rabenau, P.A. The Litigator. April, 1997. – LS (Low Speed Connection) HS (High Speed Connection)
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Personal Injury General Interest Web Links
American Assoc. for Horsemanship Safety
St. Louis Personal Injury Lawyers
IBA General Practice Section (Negligence and Damages)
Lawguru.COM – Personal Injury Claim Books and Guides
Negligence, Product Liability and Malpractice Sites
Personal Injury Law – Nolo.COM Legal Encyclopedia
Personal Injury News – This web page uses frames. For best results, please use
a frame-capable browser from: Microsoft (Internet Explorer)
Personal Injury – Parsons Legal Information Network – Consumer legal information
Premises Liability
St. Louis Personal Injury Lawyers
Virginia Personal Injury Attorneys
Charleston Personal Injury Lawyers
Greensboro, North Carolina Personal Injury Lawyers
Northeastern North Carolina Personal Injury Attorneys
Watertown, NY Personal Injury Attorneys
Washington D.C. area Personal Injury Lawyer
Ashcraft & Gerel, LLP, The Victims’ Rights Law Firm – Maryland, DC and Virginia plaintiff’s personal injury law firm handling workers’ compensation, car accident, social security disability, medical malpractice, products liability, dangerous drug and medical product defect claims.
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Product Liability Federal Judicial Decisions
U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals: Recent Products Liability Decisions
U.S. Supreme Court: Recent Products Liability Decisions
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Product Liability Federal Statutes
Magnuson – Moss Warranty Act (Consumer Product Warranties), 15 U.S.C. §§ 2301 et seq.
Product Liability State Statutes
Uniform Laws
Uniform Commercial Code Article 2
State Statutes
Article 2 of the U.C.C. as Adopted by Particular States
State Judicial Decisions
N.Y. Court of Appeals:
Appellate Decisions from Other States
Commentary from liibulletin-ny
Recent
Products Liability Decisions
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Products Liability Web Sites
Consumer Information Center
Consumer Product Safety Commission
Injury Statistics Query and Reporting System
Injury Statistics Query and Reporting System
Kids In Danger
National Toxicology Program
Products Liability
Product Safety Research – Standards and Specifications
Tobacco Industry Documents
Toxic Torts
U.S. Consumer Gateway: Product Safety
Vehicle Recall Information from the Consumer Product Safety Commission
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Professional Malpractice Case Articles
Bronx Medical Malpractice
Comparative Negligence in Arizona. September 1999 Arizona follows the doctrine of pure comparative negligence. The comparative negligence statutes are found in A.R.S. §12-2501 et seq. These statutes abolished joint and several liability in most instances and enacted a several liability law. See A.R.S. § § 12-2506 – 2509.
Design-Build Joint Venture Agreements. Peden, David D. Jr. February 1997 The printed form Design/Build Agreement shifts some risks and responsibilities, but still is an incomplete document. For example, the AIA’s A-491, although created as the agreement between the Design/Builder and the Contractor, blurs many of the traditional rights and obligations of the parties, and fails to address others.
Florida Professional Malpractice Law: Liability of Design Professionals
Introduction. Architectural Malpractice Claims. Architectural Malpractice Claims in Florida. Conclusion. Further Questions. Florida Professional Malpractice Law: Liability of Design Professionals. November 2000.
A design professional, such as an architect or engineer, becomes obligated to render professional services only by his or her promise.
Help for Online Service Providers, Professional Malpractice Suits, and Y2K Tax Liabilities. February 2000 Posted with permission from California Lawyer. This file cannot be downloaded from this page. Late last year the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), codified at 17 USC § 512, was enacted. This legislation significantly expands copyright law.
High-Low Agreements: A Viable Settlement Alternative. August 1999 In today’s society litigation is nearly unavoidable. It affects all facets of our lives. If you are a professional, malpractice is always a concern. If you are an employer, you must be concerned with worker’s compensation and complaints of sexual harassment.
Indoor Air Quality; Legal and Liability Issues. Vrountas, Christopher T. June 1999. People spend an estimated ninety percent of their time indoors. According to the Environmental Protection Agency
(“EPA”) studies of human exposure to air pollutants, indoor air may have between two to one hundred times the amount of pollutants found in outdoor air.
The Law of Nursing Malpractice. Abramson, Mark A. February 1996 I. Introduction: Nearly twelve years ago, Erline A. Reilly wrote that “most New Hampshire attorneys know nothing about nursing law.(1). As a lawyer and a registered nurse, Attorney Reilly had a unique insight into this issue.
Legal Malpractice. Medical Malpractice. Professional Malpractice Overview. May 2000. Florida Clients cannot be comparatively negligent in relying upon the attorney’s erroneous advice: Clients cannot be comparatively negligent in relying upon the attorney’s erroneous advice.
Liability of Agents and Brokers in New York. April 1999 The question of whether an insurance agent or broker is a “professional”, as that term is legally interpreted, remains unsettled by New York case law.
Managed Health Care and you. O’Conner, Brian P. October 1999 Many individuals receive their major medical insurance through an employee benefit plan. Often, these employee plans are subscribers to a Health Maintenance Organization (HMO).
Superior Court Issues Ruling. February 2000 ON PENNSYLVANIA’S MINORITY TOLLING STATUTE In a medical malpractice action recently reviewed by Pennsylvania’s Superior Court, the appellate tribunal has reversed a trial court’s Order (authored by the Honorable Mark I. Bernstein) which granted the plaintiffs’ motion to discontinue, without prejudice, a claim on behalf of a minor daughter.
Think Before You “Inc”. June 1999. Whether you are just starting out on your own, purchasing a new property for development or an existing business, or simply reviewing your business plan, you should consider whether the form of your business is optimal for your circumstances. The choice of a type of business entity — a corporation, “S” corporation, professional corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership or limited liability company — affects your liability exposure, taxes and even your personal estate plan.
Turning the Table on the PLC in Spinal Implant Litigation: A California Jury Says ‘No’ to Liability. Hewitt, Stephen L. June 2000 The precedents which have emerged in mass tort litigation over the past several years have conditioned the plaintiffs bar to hungrily scan every new medical device for chinks in the proverbial armor, sometimes regardless of the therapeutic indications, safety or efficacy of the product.
Underwriter Due Diligence In Securities Offerings. May 1999 Underwriters have long played a crucial role in securities offerings. As the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit noted in Chris-Craft Industries, Inc., v. Piper Aircraft Corporation, “[p]rospective investors look to the underwriter — a fact well known to all concerned and especially to the underwriter — to pass on the soundness of the security and the correctness of the registration statement and the prospectus.”1
Warning to Expert Witnesses!. October 2000 In a surprising change of the common law tradition of witness immunity, the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has recently held that the doctrine of witness immunity does not protect expert witnesses who are negligent in forming their opinions.
What is Malpractice?. October 1999 Any professional misconduct, unreasonable lack of skill or fidelity in professional duties. Black’s Law Dictionary When you use the services of a professional – a doctor, a lawyer, an accountant, an architect – you assume that the services you receive will be provided in accordance with professional standards.
Who Is A Professional In Florida. Duff, Susan Droppleman January 1996 In considering the class of persons to whom a two year statute of limitations for professional malpractice applies, the
Supreme Court of Florida defined a profession as “a vocation requiring, as a minimum standard, a college degree in a specific field.”
Y2K Liability. June 1999. One of the emerging trends in the law is the concern over Year 2000 (Y2K) liability. Speculation is widespread that our society will be dramatically impacted when the calendar turns over to the Year 2000.
The Year 2000 Computer Problem-Beyond Remediation: Are You Prepared?. January 1999 Defining the Year 2000 Computer Problem At the “dawn” of the computer age computer memory was ten thousand times more expensive than it is today. To save computer memory, programmers used two, rather than four, digits to represent years.
The Year 2000 Issue. Dean, James B. September 1999 You are probably tired of hearing about the “year 2000 computer problem” but an article by John Newberry in the June 1997 American Bar Association Journal focused some legal points which have not been commonly noted if the year
2000 problem appears. They seem worth sharing.
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Professional Malpractice and Medical Web Links
Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry
American Association for the Surgery of Trauma
Am. Bar Association Tort and Insurance Practice Section Idea and info network for professionals and attorneys includes news, journal excerpts, issue updates, and publications. Has event info and links.
American College of Surgeons
American Medical Association
American Society of Health -System Pharmacists
Articles Archive
WARNINGS IN PHYSICIANS DESK REFERENCE REQUIRE EXPERT TESTIMONY TO SERVE AS EVIDENCE OF MEDICAL …
Association of State Medical Board Executive Directors
Attorney – Legal Malpractice – Negligence in Drafting Estate Planning DocumentWhen may an attorney be sued for legal malpractice in drafting estate planning documents?
Bazelon Center of Mental Health Law
“Legal advocacy for the civil rights and human dignity of people with mental disability,” including mental illness, retardation, and mental/emotional disabilities, with respect to housing, health care, family support, and issues of institutionalization
Board of Physician Quality Assurance – MD
Centers for Disease Control & Prevention
Center for Reproductive Law and Policy
Continuing Education CLE
Potential Injury From Circumcision Clamps
Class Action Lawsuits
Criminal Justice Defense
DES
DES Action USA
The DES Cancer Network
Diabetes
Rezulin
Avandia
Dietary Supplements
The Risks of Dietary Supplements
Dietary Supplements May Test Consumers’ Health
Disability Rights Advocates Network
DocBoard
Find a doctor, read how to file a medical complaint, contact information available for state medical boards, along with hyperlinks when available and a link to Association of State Medical Board Executive Directors
Doc Finder
AIM Participating State Licensing Authorities, Doc Finder – Over 450,000 Physician Listings
Doctor Find American
Medical Association AMA Physician Locator
Dr. Greene’s House Calls
emedicine
Emedicine Inc. offers Emergency Medicine, an electronic interactive textbook of more than 650 topics pertaining to the diagnosis and management of disorders in emergency settings. In addition to text, the resource offers downloadable color x-rays, illustrations and pictures
Enbrel
Important Drug Warning – Enbrel
Expert Witnesses
Federal Health Agencies
Fen-Phen
The New England Journal of Medicine
Fen-Phen, obesity, and fitness issues
Fen-Phen Chat room
Fighting for Victims of Fen-Phen
Fen-Phen Frequently Asked Questions
Fight Bad Faith Insurance Companies Advocacy group performs informative and whistleblowing duties against shady insurance tactics. Read a FAQ, find a lawyer and check unfair claims.
Find Law Directory Explore the resources of this tort law guide to find articles, mailing lists, databases, publications, agencies, products, and firms.
FIRST, KILL ALL THE EXPERTS, Proposed Solution to Serious Problems re Medical Experts
From MediScene: Medical CLE Courses & many more Medical Resources for Legal Pros
Food and Drug Administration
Fractures – WebMD
Forensic Psychiatry & Medicine
Fractionate
Recalls and Market Withdrawals of Fractionate
Recalls and Market Withdrawals of Fractionate
FreeCaseReview.com
Offers information on personal injury cases involving automobile accidents, medical malpractice, and/or negligence.
See also: FindLaw: Legal Subjects: Tort Law: Web Sites
General Information about Medical Malpractice
… Quick Reference General Information How big is the problem? Claims filed Insurance
http://www.consumerlaw.com/medical.html
Genetic Technologies
Genetic information from some of the field’s experts
Government Liability in Canada Canadian information resource expounds on issues of tortious liability with respect to municipal infringement on individual property.
Hhmi Lab Safety: Emergency Response Guide: Personal Injury – HHMI Lab Safety: Emergency Response Guidelines
http://www.hhmi.org/science/labsafe/erg/persinj.html
Health A to Z
HealthCare Lawyers
Health Law
Health Law Resource
Site intended as a resource for health care practitioners, professionals or anyone interested in learning more about the dynamic field of health care law, and more specifically, the regulatory and transactional aspects of health care law practice
Health Lawyers Resource Center
HealthMart.Com
Comparative hospital pricing and outcome data for over 400 diagnoses for consumers, hospital administrators, physicians, and managed care managers to determine the best values in health care
HealthWeb
Provides links to specific, evaluated information resources on the World-Wide Web selected by librarians and information professionals at leading academic medical centers in the Midwest. Selection emphasizes quality information aimed at assisting health care professionals as well as consumers in meeting their health information needs
Hemophiliacs and the Accidental Transmision of HIV/AIDS
Hieros Gamos Guide to Tort Law Scan the news of this legal community, and then link to international organizations, regulations, laws, citations, and related resources.
Historian – Shifting Blame: Theory of Accidents
Nan Goodman takes an intriguing angle in his study of the changes in American tort law, attitudes toward responsibility and ideals like heroism.
House Law Library
Directory of case law and articles on torts, from the US House of Representatives Internet Law Library.
Institute for Civil Justice
Read a report and meet the staff of this org, devoted to compiling info, collating research and analyzing trends within the civil justice realm.
Internet journal of emergency care
JAMA – The Journal of the American Medical Association
Knee Pain – WebMD
Law-Lib: Re: Medical malpractice stats needed
Law Associations
Lawguru.COM – Personal Injury Claim Books and Guides – Personal Injury and Auto Accident Claim Books and Guides from the LawGuru.com book store.
Legalethics.COM: Professional Legal Organizations on the Internet: … – Legalethics.com offers the legal profession links and references to ethics rules, regulations, and articles relating to the integration of the Internet into …
Legal MalPractice – Legal malpractice: An area of current and future interest. References, essays, discussions, bibliographies, and other starting points for legislative…
LegalMedWare
Litigation support program for attorneys dealing with personal injury cases, medical malpractice or other medically based claims.
Also used by nurse paralegals, nurse consultants, claims adjustors or other legal professionals who deals regularly with medical issues.
MCW Bioethics Homepage Medical College of Wisconsin provides abstracts of bioethics journal articles, legislative actions and court decisions.
MD Consult
(Fee based) deliver authoritative medical information to physicians
Mayo Health Oasis
Medical and Health Web Sites
Medicine and Law – Malpractice Topic Area
Medical Record Privacy Articles on current privacy issues, law and policy, the Bennett Bill and a useful section on consumer advice. Medical Malpractice
Medical Malpractice
Medical Products Liability and Recalls
MedicineNet
Medscape
Mental Health
National Organization of Bar Counsel…Review the NOBC’s semi-annual compilation of summaries of court decisions on attorney disciplinary matters (“Current Developments”) for the last five years. An online search engine is available. ….
http://www.nobc.org
Newsbytes News Network: Bill Would Place Medical Malpractice …
http://www.findarticles.com/m0NEW/2000_Sept_7/65103050/p1/article.jhtml
Personal Injury Lawyers
Resources, links and attorneys by Consultwebs.com
Personal Injury Law – Nolo.COM Legal Encyclopedia – {MetaDescription}
Personal Injury News – This web page uses frames. For best results, please use
a frame-capable browser from: Microsoft (Internet Explorer)…
Personal Injury – Parsons Legal Information Network – Consumer legal information about personal injury claims including car accidents, injuries on your property, medical malpractice, product liability.
Public Health Information – Microwave Thermotherapy
Modern Health Care
Modern Healthcare Business News
National Council On Disability
National Health Law Program, Inc.
National Institutes of Health (NIH)
National Library of Medicine
New England Journal of Medicine On-line
Patients Guide to Low Back Pain
Pediatric electronic pages
Pediatric pain
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
Propulsid Cisapride Information
Prozac
Prozac murder-suicide coming before a federal court judge
Fighting for Victims of Prozac & Fen-Phen
Kids, Drugs, Guns and Psychopolitics
Propulsid Information
Cisapride
Raxar
Raxar – FDA
Researching Medical Literature on the Web
Article providing medical research links and an explanation of what each site offers
Rezulin
Rezulin Information
Avandia – Similar Diabetes Drug
RxList-The Internet Drug Index
Saga, case management software for personal injury attorneys, …
… package specifically designed for Personal Injury, Medical Malpractice and General
Negligence attorneys. We … bookmark our page for easy reference. …
http://www.sagasys.com/Default.htm
Simulect
important Drug Warning – Simulect
Traumatic Brain Injury Resource
Traumatic Brain Injury & Legal Representation
United States Medical Malpractice Summaries
http://www.psychlaw.net/states-med-mal-primer..htm
Virtual Medical Library
Welcome to PubMed
WorldWideWeb Acronym and Abbreviation Server
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Tort Law Federal Statutes
Tort Law Federal Judicial Decisions
U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals: Recent Torts Law Decisions
U.S. Supreme Court: Recent Torts Law Decisions
Tort Law State Statutes
N.Y. Court of Appeals:
Appellate Decisions from Other States
Commentary from liibulletin-ny
Recent Torts Law Decisions
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Other Tort Law References
Key Internet Sources
Legal Pitfalls in Cyberspace: Defamation on Computer Network
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Useful Forms Web Links
Workers’ Compensation Forms Federal Acquisition Regulation
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Worker’s Compensation Federal Statutes
U.S. Code:
Black Lung Benefits Act – 30 U.S.C. §§ 901 – 945
Federal Employment Liability Act (FELA)- 45 U.S.C. §§ 51 – 60
Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act (LHWCA) – 33 U.S.C. §§ 901 – 950.
Workers Compensation State Statutes
California’s Workers’ Compensation Act – California Labor Code §§ 3200 – 6149
State Statutes Dealing with Labor
State Judicial Decisions
N.Y. Court of Appeals:
Commentary from liibulletin-ny
Recent Decisions on Workers’ Compensation
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Workers Compensation Web Links
Asbestos
Uncivil Action – Libby, Montana Asbestos Articles
Lead
Lead Poisoning and Its Effects on Children
The National Lead Information Center
Ohio State University Extension
Occupational Safety & Health Administration
Occupational Safety and Health Administration
Pennsylvania Workers’ Compensation Lawyers
Scranton Wilkes Barre Workers’ Compensation Law Firm
U.S. Workers’ Compensation Law
Work Related Injuries
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Worker’s Compensation Federal Judicial Decisions
U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals: Recent Workers Compensation DecisionsU.S. Supreme Court: Recent Workers Compensation Decisions
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Worker’s Compensation Federal Regulations
Title 20 C.F.R., Chapt. I
Double click anywhere on the page to return to the top
Back to Top
Wrongful Death Web Sites Dallas Texas Truck Accidents – Serving Northeast Texas: Dallas, Fort Worth, and Arlington. 1(800)773-6770
Lubbock TX Tractor Trailer Wrecks – Legal representation in Lubbock, Amarillo, and Abilene TX. 1(800)773-6770
South TX Big Rig Accidents – handling truck crashes in Corpus Christi, Laredo, and Brownsville TX. 1(800)773-6770
ACTIONS FOR WRONGFUL DEATH
… PENNSYLVANIA RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE. Rules 2201 to 2225. ACTIONS FOR WRONGFUL DEATH.
Edelman, Richard B., Ph.D. – economist providing economic analysis and expert witness / damages testimony in personal injury, wrongful death cases.
Kinney Economic Consulting – provides economic analysis and expert testimony in personal injury, wrongful death litigation matters. Practice limited to Florida.
Wrongful Death Lawyers by Consultwebs.com
0 people found this article useful
This article was helpful
This article was helpful
0 people found this article useful
Post navigation
International Law Real Estate Law
Cancel reply
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Name *
Email *
Website
Comment
You may use these HTML tags and attributes:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Post Comment
Knowledge Bases6 Business0 Marketing11 Practice Areas19 Resources5 Technology0 Uncategorized