https://www.nbc.edu/legal/privacy-policy.php
Skip to Primary Navigation |
Skip to Secondary Navigation |
Skip to Content |
Skip to Footer
Nazarene Bible College
12/11/2020https://www.nbc.edu/legal/privacy-policy.php
About this SiteDepartment of EducationDisclaimerPrivacy PolicyCopyright
Privacy Policy
Home »
Legal »
Privacy Policy
NBC's Commitment To Privacy
NBC is committed to honoring your privacy. We provide this document to explain our secure web site information practices and the choices you have about the way this information is collected and used. To insure this document is easy to find, we have made it available on every page within our secure site.
The Information NBC Collects
This applies to all data collected or submitted on the NBC secure website. On some pages, you can make payments, request information, and register to receive materials. The personal information collected on these pages are:
Full Name
Complete Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Student ID Number
Social Security Number
Credit or Debit Card Information
There are some pages, the online application for example, where you will need to submit information about goals and desires as they relate to attending NBC, as well as financial data and any criminal records. This information is required for the admission process prior to acceptance. In this case, the types of personal information collected include, but are not limited to:
Full Name
Complete Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Social Security Number
Financial Information
Prior Education Data
Personal References
Church You are Currently Attending
Pastor's Name and Address
Emergency Contacts
Criminal Record if applicable
A Personal Testimony
There are other pages where you can submit information about others. For example, if you order an item from the bookstore and want it sent to another individual, you will need to submit the individual's address. In this case, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way NBC Uses That Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when making a payment solely to complete that transaction. We do not share this information with others except to the extent necessary to complete that transaction. We use the information you provide about others when placing an order solely to ship the item and to confirm its delivery. We use return email addresses to respond to the email we receive. These addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with others. Finally, we never use or share the personal information, provided to us via our secure website, in ways other than those described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data integrity, and ensure the correct use of electronically collected information, we have in place both physical and logical procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on our secure website.
How You Can Correct Your Personal Information
You can correct all your personal information that we have collected online by emailing us at Email. Please include all the information you wish updated or changed, and include a daytime phone number so we may contact you to verify the new information that you have provided. This is just another way we safeguard your information. To protect both your privacy and your security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (719) 884-5035 or send us an email to Email.