https://www.irishtarot.ie/privacy-policy/
Try for a Fiver
Free Tarot Reading
Free Horoscopes
Login or Register
Enter your login details
Create your free account
New signups get a special offer five minute phone reading for a fiver!
Looking to
create an account
?
Already have an account?
Login
Enter your login details
Create your free account
New signups get a special offer five minute phone reading for a fiver!
Looking to
create an account
?
Already have an account?
Login
Privacy Policy & GDPR
Your privacy is our priority
1. Introduction
Irish Tarot respects your rights to privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal information. The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain how we collect and use personal information.
2. Data Controller
“Irish Tarot” (referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” or “Irish Tarot” in this policy) primarily refers to the users of Irish Tarot's website, telephone services, text messages, emails, apps and various other electronic services by which we operate our services. Irish Tarot is the “data controller” of all personal information that is collected and used about our customers for the purposes of Irish and European Union data protection law. Irish Tarot is registered in Dublin, Ireland with the CRO RBN registration number 284085 and registered offices at Árasán 66 Caladh 19, Oiléan Uiséar, Sráid Bhun Droichid. Baile Átha Cliath 8. Éire.
3. How to get in touch
A Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) has been appointed to co-ordinate the collection, use and retention of personal data at Irish Tarot to ensure compliance with the Data Protection Acts, this Policy and related procedures. If you have any questions about this policy or a data subject access request please contact the DPO at support@irishtarot.ie
4. The information we process
To provide you with our services, we collect, record and store and process various categories of personal information throughout your relationship with us. These include:
- Customer information such as your name, email, address, phone numbers, card and payment information, booking location and IP address and services provided
- Questions from customers for the Tarot cards and the reading replies we do by phone, email, online and other methods of readings we provide.
- Correspondence through emails, text, telephone, mail, webchat and social media that you have exchanged with us when using our services. Some correspondence such as call recording is recorded for regulatory requirements.
5. Special Categories of personal information
In some circumstances we may indirectly collect information about your health where you have advised us in a question for the Tarot. We are not medical doctors and do not provide any medical information and any medical question must be taken to your GP only without exception. However through a reading medical information may arise but we would prefer if such information is not shared with us.
6. How we obtain your personal information
Irish Tarot obtains personal information when you explicitly provide it to us, or information that we gather from your use of our website, your use of our services and the technology that you use to access our services (for example your booking location, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or telephone number, questions asked for the Tarot Cards and the replies from the Tarot reader etc... In circumstances where you are unable to provide personal information which we require for statutory or contractual reasons (such as your date of birth to confirm you are over eighteen years old), we may be unable to provide you with service.
In certain circumstances you may provide us with personal information relating to other people (for example star signs of people you know with which may include their date of birth, names or other details and your questions may be about these people). We try to keep this to a minimum at all times as we do not wish to gather information on others. Please ensure that you provide a copy of this Notice to any third party whose personal data you provide to us or have provided to us previously.
7. How we use your personal information
We use your personal information for the following purposes and on the following legal grounds.
Purpose for processing
Legal basis
To enter into our contract to provide you with Tarot Reading Services you request we require some information. This includes setting up your account, processing to allow you to securely pay for your reading services and associated transactions, to make bookings or to make changes to bookings requested by you or to inform you of any changes we make to your booking
This use is necessary in order for us to enter into and perform our contract with you.
To prevent fraud and to fulfil our legal and regulatory obligations, for example to maintain and share customer records with An Garda Síochána, Emergency Services, Revenue, ComReq, requlators, banks and other professional and government organisations necessary for safety, security, fraud prevention, crime prevention, regulations and laws.
In order to comply with our legal obligations
To send you marketing emails, texts, mails, notices and phone calls with special offers and news from Irish Tarot or about related services
We will only send you marketing emails where you have given us your explicit consent to do so or where appropriate on the basis of our legitimate interests.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time however this will result in account closure and ending your agreement with Irish Tarot.
To personalise and improve our services and related products and ask for feedback
On the basis of our legitimate interest in operating our services.
Special categories of data
Legal basis
We may process information about your health, where you have advised us of particular needs you have including medical, mobility or dietary requirements.
We will only do this with your explicit consent.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Please note that you have a right to object to processing of your personal information where that processing is carried on for our legitimate interests.
8. How long we keep your personal information
Irish Tarot will not retain your data for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was originally collected. We will also consider the nature and sensitivity of the data, regulations and laws by which we are required to store your data, the volume or size of the data collected as well as our legal obligations, in determining the appropriate retention period for the relevant data set. We anonymise and or delete data that is no longer required and we may delete your account and all data should you not interact with us over long periods of time.
More information on our data retention policies is available on request by contacting our data protection officer at support@irishtarot.ie
9. Security
Your privacy and the security of your data is of critical importance at irishtarot.ie.
When you book online, user our services, call or text us, web chat us or access your account at irishtarot.ie you do so through secure servers. The use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology means that all personal information, such as your credit/debit card and address details, will be encrypted as it travels from your computer to the irishtarot.ie services. SSL is an industry-standard method that is used to transmit personal information securely over the Internet. Our use of SSL and digital certificates ensures you are actually sending data to Irish Tarot, rather than a third party, so you can be confident of safely and confidentially using our services.
To maintain the accuracy of your data, as well as preventing unauthorised access and correct use of all data, irishtarot.ie uses the appropriate physical, electronic and governance measures to secure the data we collect online.
Please ensure that you keep your irishtarot.ie account details confidential and set a password that is difficult for others to guess.
10. Transferring information overseas
Although we are based in Ireland, we occasionally need to transfer your data outside of the EEA in order to provide you with our services. At present your personal information may be held in the United States, where our online chat service (Zendesk) sare hosted. The U.S. entity has signed up to the EU/US Privacy Shield in order to ensure that your personal information is protected to at least Irish standards. For more information on transfers to the U.S. please contract our Data Protection Officer at the contact details above.
11. Sharing information with third parties
At present, we disclose your personal information to some or all of the following:
(a) Service providers such as shipping and postal service providers, hotels (for events) and catering agents, hosting services, telecoms, Tarot readers and sub-contractors acting on our behalf to provide services and system administration services.
(b) Where required by law, to law enforcement agencies (such as An Garda Síochána), judicial bodies, government entities or regulatory bodies.
12. Your rights
Right of Access
You can request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right to Rectification
If you have reason to believe any of the information we collect on you may be inaccurate, and you cannot correct such inaccuracy yourself through your registered account with us, please contact us.
Right to Erasure ('Right to be Forgotten')
You have the right to request that your personal data be deleted in certain circumstances including:
- The personal data is no longer needed for the purpose for which they were collected;
- You withdraw your consent (where the processing was based on consent);
- You object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds justifying us processing the personal data;
- The personal data has been unlawfully processed; or
- To comply with a legal obligation.
- However, this right does not apply where, for example, the processing is necessary:
- To comply with a legal obligation; or
- For the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to Restriction of Processing
You can ask that we restrict your personal data (i.e., keep but not use) where:
- The accuracy of the personal data is contested;
- The processing is unlawful but you do not want it erased;
- We no longer need the personal data but you require it for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
- You have objected to the processing and verification as to our overriding legitimate grounds is pending.
We can continue to use your personal data:
- Where we have your consent to do so;
- For the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
- To protect the rights of another; or
- For reasons of important public interest.
Right to Data Portability
Where you have provided personal data to us, you have a right to receive such personal data back in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format, and to have those data transmitted to a third-party data controller without hindrance but in each case only where:
- The processing is carried out by automated means; and
- The processing is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you.
Right to Object
You have a right to object to the processing of your personal data in those cases where we are processing your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests. In such a case we will stop processing your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate interests which override your interests and you have a right to request information on the balancing test we have carried out.
Right to Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of an alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes the GDPR.
13. Terms and Conditions of Trading
Full information on Irish Tarot standard terms and conditions of trading can be viewed here.
14. Policy changes
This Policy was last updated 24/05/2018; Any changes to this policy will be notified by email to our customer marketing mail list and will be published on our website.
Feeling that psychic nudge to try a reading?
Why not avail of our new customer offer of five minutes for a fiver?
Reading from Cork since 2001
Ireland's first and most trusted online Tarot reading service doing online and telephone psychic readings for over 19 years.
It's Personal. It's trust
Real people with real questions talking to real Irish psychics using real cards doing down to earth real readings.
Real questions. Real Answers
When you consult the Tarot cards you need a service that will take your queries seriously with down to earth answers.
© 2020 Irish Tarot
Contact Us
How-to guides
FAQ
Pricing
About Us
Privacy Policy
Full sitemap