http://www.calvin-coolidge.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
About Coolidge
Virtual Library
Coolidge Scholarship
Coolidge Speech & Debate
Teachers & Students
Foundation
Contact
Membership
Store
Photo Gallery
Resources
Coolidge Library
Coolidge Speeches
Declamation Videos
Volunteer
Press Conferences
Quotations
Essays, Papers, & Addresses
Videos
Coolidge Webinars
Declamation Videos
The Coolidge Connection
About Calvin Coolidge
A Biographical Sketch of Calvin Coolidge
Calvin Coolidge Biographical Video
Coolidge Administration Accomplishments
Calvin Coolidge Life Timeline
Genealogy
About Grace Coolidge
First Lady Grace Coolidge
Grace Coolidge Overview
Grace Coolidge Timeline
Grace Coolidge Genealogy
Publications
The Coolidge Quarterly
News from the Notch Archive
The Real Calvin Coolidge
The Coolidge Blog
Coolidge Bibliography
Harding Bibliography
Calvin Coolidge Presidential Foundation, Inc.
Privacy Statement
Welcome! The Calvin Coolidge Presidential Foundation, Inc. (the “Foundation”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is the official foundation dedicated to preserving and promoting the legacy of America’s 30th president.
The Foundation seeks to greatly increase Americans’ understanding of President Coolidge and the values he promoted.
We wrote this privacy statement to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it, what choices you have and other important information. Although some of the concepts below are a bit technical, we tried our best to explain things in a straightforward and transparent way. If you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement or the ways in which the Foundation uses the information we collect, please do not hesitate to contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section at the bottom of this privacy statement.
Scope of Our Privacy Statement
When this Privacy Statement Applies
This privacy statement applies to information collected through coolidgefoundation.org, coolidgescholars.org and any other websites, mobile apps or other online products and services that display or link to this privacy statement (collectively, “online environments”).
When this Privacy Statement Does Not Apply
This privacy statement does not apply to:
Websites, mobile apps or other products and services that have their own privacy statement or policy;
Websites, mobile apps or other products and services that do not display or link to this privacy statement; and
Information collected offline.
If you have any questions as to whether this privacy statement applies to you, please do not hesitate to contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section at the bottom of this privacy statement.
Information We Collect
We collect information in a few different ways: (i) information you submit or give us permission to obtain; (ii) technical information collected automatically; and (iii) information provided by our partners. Each of these ways is discussed below.
Information You Submit or Give Us Permission to Obtain
We collect information from you when you choose to provide it to us through our online environments. For example, if you:
Join the Coolidge Club, you may provide us with your name, company name, email address, phone number, postal address, payment card information, and membership level;
Purchase a product through our online environments, you may provide us with your name, company name, email address, phone number, postal address, payment card information, and the products you are purchasing;
Donate to the Foundation, you may provide us with your name, email address, phone number, postal address, payment card information, and donation amount;
Request support or contact us with an inquiry, you may provide us with information such as your name, contact information, the subject of your inquiry, message content and any other information you choose to provide;
Submit a writing in connection with the Calvin Prize for Vermont Youth or Coolidge Prize for Journalism, you may provide us with your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, and any information included in your writing submission;
Create a user profile and/or submit an application in connection with the Coolidge Scholars Program, you may provide us with your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, information about your academic record, original writing submissions, information related to the high school you attend, and information about individuals you designate as writers of letters of recommendation in support of your application to the Coolidge Scholars Program;
Share a photo through our Post Your Coolidge feature, you may provide us with your name, email address, photos, and any information included in your photo descriptions;
Plan a Visit through our online environments, you may provide us with your institution/group name, student grades, email address, postal address, and any information included in your requested dates and special program requests;
Submit a question through our Ask Coolidge feature, you may provide us with your first and last name, email address, and any information included in your questions;
Leave a reply on the Coolidge Blog, you may provide us with your name, email address, website and any information included in your comments;
Sign up to receive updates from the Foundation, you may provide us with your name, email address, phone number, and postal address; and
Respond to surveys, you may provide us with your survey responses, contact information and any other information required to complete the survey.
We also collect information from you when you give us permission to access it. For example, if you access our online environments through your mobile device (for example, via a mobile app or your device’s browser), you may give us access to location data.
Technical Information Collected Automatically
We may collect certain technical information about your visits to our online environments without you actively submitting such information. This information can make your use of our online environments easier and more meaningful by allowing us to provide better service, customize our online environments based on your preferences, compile statistics, provide you with more relevant advertisements, analyze trends and otherwise administer and improve our online environments. As discussed in the “How The Foundation and Our Partners Use Cookies for Advertising” section below, such information may also be collected by our advertising vendors and other partners.
Some of the types of technical information collected automatically when visiting our online environments include:
Log Data. When you use our online environments, our servers automatically record information (“log data”), including information that your browser or mobile app sends whenever you visit or use our online environments. This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the address of the web pages you visited that had Foundation features, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used our online environments and cookie data;
Cookie Data. Depending on how you are accessing our online environments, we may use “cookies” (a small text file sent by your device each time you visit our websites, unique to your Foundation account or your browser) or similar technologies to record log data. When we use cookies, we may use “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) or “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them). For example, we may use cookies to remember your personal preferences, such as sections of our online environments that you visit frequently, your user ID or other settings so you don’t have to set them up every time you visit our online environments. Some of the cookies we use may be associated with your Foundation account (including information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not. Please see the “How The Foundation and Our Partners Use Cookies for Advertising” section below for more information; and
Device Information. In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device you are using to access our online environments, including what type of device it is, what operating system you are using, device settings, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you are using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you are using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or an Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Information Provided by Our Partners
Our advertising vendors and other partners may share with us the information they collect. For example:
Our advertising vendors may share information with us regarding our ads on websites or apps where such ads run to measure and improve those ads, including a list of criteria to use in targeting ads;
We may obtain information from other commercially available sources such as data aggregators, marketing firms and public databases, to provide us with additional information about our existing member or donors (this is known as “data appending”). This information may include name, demographic information, contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and donating behavior; and
We may receive information about members or donors when we acquire part or all of other entities.
We may also combine the information we collect through one or more of our online environments with information we collect through other online environments. We may also combine information collected through our online environments with information collected through our offline environments, as well as with information provided by our partners. We use this consolidated information to help us improve our online environments, products and services, communicate information to you, enhance our marketing and research activities and engage in any other uses described in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” section below.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect to support and further the mission of the Foundation, and to protect ourselves and our customers.
If you Join the Coolidge Club, the information we collect is used to enroll you in the club and administer your membership, which includes subscription to our postal and email mailing lists.
If you purchase a product through our online environments, the information we collect is used to charge you as authorized and provide you with the products ordered. In these situations, we may also save your payment information and contact information so that you can use them the next time you want to order something from us.
If you donate to the Foundation, the information we collect is used to process your donation and maintain correspondence related to activities related to the Coolidge Foundation.
If you submit a writing in connection with the Calvin Prize for Vermont Youth or Coolidge Prize for Journalism, the information we collect is used to contact you regarding your submission and/or the results of the contest and to provide you with any applicable prizes.
In addition, your writing submission may be republished by the Coolidge Foundation and/or its partners.
If you create a user profile and/or submit an application in conjunction with the Coolidge Scholars Program, the information we collect is used to evaluate your application for consideration of awarding of the Coolidge Scholarship. The information we collect may also be used to contact you regarding your submission and/or the results of the contest and to provide you with any applicable awards. By sharing your information with the Coolidge Foundation, you agree that we may use your contact information to contact you about other activities, with educational materials or opportunities, as disclosed to you at the point of collection, or in any other manner that advances our educational and charitable purposes.
We may share or transfer your contact information with our affiliates and any other organizations or entities for similar purposes.
Your identifiable academic information will not be shared with any individual, partner, or group that is not directly related to the Coolidge Scholars selection process.
If you share a photo through our Post Your Coolidge feature, the information we collect is used to post that photo on our site and to maintain our records for that feature.
If you Plan a Visit through our online environments, the information we collect is used to plan and organize your visit.
If you submit a question through our Ask Coolidge feature, the information we collect is used to respond to your question.
If you leave a reply on the Coolidge Blog, the information we collect is used to share your reply with other blog visitors.
We also use the information we collect for other legitimate business purposes, such as to:
Send you advertisements, notices and other information regarding our programs, events and similar Foundation opportunities, including notifying you about special promotions;
Respond to your inquiries or support requests;
Invite you to participate in surveys;
Furnish and maintain our online environments; and
Secure our networks and online environments.
We may also use the information we collect to offer you customized content, including to:
Recognize new or past visitors to our online environments;
Remember your personal preferences;
Show you more relevant and meaningful advertisements;
Better understand the interests of our members and visitors to our online environments; and
Conduct research and analyze the use of our online environments, products, services and advertisements.
Some of our applications and mobile-optimized online environments may have location-based features. To deliver these features, we may access and use location data provided by your mobile device if you give us permission. Location information will be collected solely to deliver the requested feature, and it will not be further retained or stored by us.
Finally, in certain limited circumstances, we may be called upon to release the information we collect in response to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, law or regulation. We plan to cooperate in responding to such requests, taking appropriate measures to ensure that the requester understands the potentially-sensitive nature of the information they may receive. We also reserve the right to cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating and prosecuting members or visitors who violate our rules or engage in behavior that is illegal or harmful to others or their property.
How The Foundation and Our Partners Use Cookies for Advertising
We use common tools, such as cookies and similar technologies (discussed in the “Technical Information Collected Automatically” section above), to collect information about your use of our online environments for purposes of enhancing your online experience and delivering more meaningful advertisements. Like many companies, we may also utilize third party advertising vendors and other partners to collect this information.
One way in which we deliver more meaningful advertisements is through a common form of online advertising known as “retargeting” or “remarketing.” Retargeting works by serving ads on one site based on visitor’s online activities on a different site. For example, if you visit pages on our online environments, you may later see advertisements for the Foundation programs when you visit third party websites. To do this, the Foundation or our vendors may use a device ID, cookie or similar technology placed by us or the vendor when you visit our online environments or third party websites or apps. The placing of these cookies or other technologies on your device may enable you to be identified across multiple websites and you should consult the privacy policies of our vendors to understand how they collect and use your data.
Your ability to control the use of tracking tools, such as cookies, and opt-out of retargeting activities is described in the “Choices You Have about Your Information” section below.
When We Share Your Information & Our Relationship to Third Parties
We may use third parties to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. We may also use third parties to analyze data collected through our online environments. We will not disclose your personally identifying information to anyone other than our employees and those third parties with whom we have a business relationship. If we allow a third party vendor to have access to your personally identifying information, we will not authorize them to take it or use it for any purpose that is not consistent with this privacy statement.
We will not sell or disclose any personally identifying information collected from you to an unrelated third party without your express permission, except as explained in this privacy statement.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. As discussed above, we may partner with third party vendors to manage our advertising on other websites and apps. Our advertising vendors may use a device ID, cookie or similar technology to collect information about your activities on our online environments to provide you retargeted ads on other websites and apps. If you do not want this information used for the purpose of serving you retargeted ads, you can opt out here or here. Please note that opting out of receiving retargeted ads will not prevent you from being served advertisements generally.
Vendors and Suppliers. We have relationships with different vendors and suppliers who help us design and maintain our online environments, systems and computer security, respond to consumer inquiries, fulfill orders, analyze our data, create special programs and engage in any other information uses described in this privacy statement.
Legal Requests and Preventing Harm. If we believe that disclosure of information is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or the Foundation; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Change of Ownership or Control. We may engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that may involve the transfer of the information described in this privacy statement.
Other Important Information About Our Relationship With Third Parties
Links to Other Sites. We may also feature links to websites that we believe you might find useful and informative. Please be aware, however, that we do not endorse or recommend these sites’ content, products or services, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware of and read the privacy policy or statement of each site you visit. Remember, this privacy statement applies solely to information collected or used by the Foundation.
Social Media Plugins. Our online environments may use social media plugins (for example, the Facebook and Twitter buttons) to enable you to visit pages on these social media sites or to easily share information with others. When you visit our online environments, the operator of the social plugin can place a cookie on your device, enabling that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our online environments. If you are logged into the social media website (for example, Facebook and Twitter) while browsing on our online environments, the social plugins allow that social media website to receive information that you have visited our online environments. We do not control any of the content from the social media plugins. For more information about social plugins from other social media websites you should refer to those sites’ privacy and data sharing statements.
Choices You Have about Your Information
You may always limit the amount and type of information that we collect from you by choosing not to enter or provide any information requested from you on our online environments. However, some of our products and services can only be provided to you if you provide us with requested information. Some of the programs and services offered through our online environments may ask whether you wish to opt out or opt into our contact lists for updates, promotions and additional programs and services that may be of interest to you.
You can opt out of marketing emails we may send to you by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such emails. If you opt out of our marketing emails, we may still send you transactional and relationship emails, such as emails about your orders and account.
You may also be provided with preference questions or preference boxes allowing you to indicate that you do not want our online environments to use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to “remember” the information collected on return visits, such as user IDs or mailing addresses. In addition, you may be able to control the use of tracking tools and limit retargeting activities as follows:
Controlling Tracking Tools. Most web browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. For more information about cookies and how to refuse them, visit here and here. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain online environments from time to time, you can go here (note, this separate link is provided because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings).
Opting-Out of Retargeting Activities. The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising program provides customers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes. To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes and receiving behavioral advertisements from our advertising partners, including retargeting advertisements, click here or here. Choices you make are both browser and device-specific. Also, certain versions of the iOS operating system permit you to “Limit Ad Tracking” in the system settings, and certain versions of the Android operating system allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” in the system settings.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites with which the browser communicates. As of the Effective Date of this privacy statement, an industry standard has not yet been established on how to respond to these signals. Therefore, we do not currently respond to these signals, but we may reassess our response approach once a standard is established.
How You Can Access and Correct Your Information
You can access, change or remove information previously provided to us upon request by contacting us at info@coolidgefoundation.org or by writing to us at Calvin Coolidge Presidential Foundation, P.O. Box 97, Plymouth, Vermont 05056. For record keeping and compliance purposes, we will retain certain information collected from you in conjunction with commercial transactions.
How We Secure Your Information
We have instituted physical, technical and procedural safeguards to store and maintain information we collect in a secure environment. For example, when any confidential information is transmitted over public infrastructure it is encrypted. You may also be required to use a password to access certain pages on our online environments where certain types of your information can be changed or deleted. It is therefore important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your device. You take full responsibility for maintaining the complexity and confidentiality of your password. While we have implemented safeguards, you should be aware that Internet security technology rapidly changes. We cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect your information from the threats of tomorrow. You should also be aware that despite our efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of information. Accordingly, we are not in a position to guarantee that your information will be secure under all circumstances.
Our Policy on Children’s Information
We do not knowingly collect or use any information from children (we define “children” as minors younger than 13) on our online environments. We do not knowingly allow children to order our products or services, communicate with us or use any of our online environments. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us using one of the methods specified below, and we will work with you to address this issue.
International Transfers
Our online environments are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. While users from countries other than the U.S. may access our online environments, we make no representation that such environments are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations.
Please be aware that by accessing our online environments, or providing us with information, you understand and agree that:
Information collected from you may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your jurisdiction;
To the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, you consent to the transfer of such information to the United States for our use in accordance with this privacy statement; and
This privacy statement, and the collection and use of information pursuant to this privacy statement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Providing us with information or continuing to use our online environments indicates that you are agreeing to the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of information collected from you as described in this privacy statement.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to amend this privacy statement without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes and good business practices. If we change our privacy practices, a new privacy statement will reflect those changes and the effective date of the revised privacy statement will be set forth at the top of this privacy statement.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please contact us at info@coolidgefoundation.org or by writing to us at Calvin Coolidge Presidential Foundation, P.O. Box 97, Plymouth, Vermont 05056.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement or the ways in which we use information subject to this statement, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@coolidgefoundation.org or by writing to us at Calvin Coolidge Presidential Foundation, P.O. Box 97, Plymouth, Vermont 05056.
Policy Effective Date: January 15, 2016