http://www.salvationarmy.org.uk/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie policy
Breadcrumb
Home
>
Cookie policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to the website and record that you are a user of our website, or whether your web browser has Javascript enabled.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can also find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below.
Targeting cookies
Facebook
We use Facebook to communicate with our supporters, through organic and paid advertising. We use cookies to ensure the best results and perform analysis on any paid advertising we do and we may target you based on your website use.
For more information please see the Facebook privacy policy: www.facebook.com/policy.php
Bing
Bing is a search platform. We use cookies to ensure we are as efficient as possible with any paid advertising we do with Bing.
For Bing’s privacy policy please visit: privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
Google AdWords
We use Google Adwords to communicate with new and existing supporters about our work. We use cookies to ensure the best results and perform analysis on any paid adverts.
For more information about Google Adwords and why you might see an advert, please visit: https://adssettings.google.com/
YouTube
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Third Party cookies
A “third-party cookie”, is one stored on your computer by a website different to the one you are visiting at that time. Please note that third parties (including for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Web beacons
A web beacon is a small image file used to track whether someone has accessed a bit of content.
If you are signed up to receive emails from The Salvation Army, we use web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or tracking pixels) to track email open rates and click through rates. You can stop being tracked by web beacons in emails by turning off images in your email. Find out how to do this by checking the help section in your email provider.
Find out more at: www.allaboutcookies.org/faqs/beacons.html
Managing and disabling cookies
To update your preferences and cookie settings on our website, please use this button:
Cookie Settings
You can also manage/block cookies by activating the settings on your browser that allows you to refuse the
settings of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including
essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 5 years.
Web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. You can find out more about
cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them at
www.aboutcookies.org or
www.allaboutcookies.org. For information on how to do this on
a mobile phone, please refer to the handset instructions.
Our good work direct to your inbox
We'd love to stay in touch. Let us know your details below to receive emails about our work, fundraising activities and appeals.
- Select -MrMrsMissMsDrReverend