https://www.goldmanprize.org/privacy-policy/
Search
This is the website of the Goldman Environmental Foundation. Our postal address is 160 Pacific Avenue, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94111. You can email us at info@goldmanprize.org or call us at 415-249-5800 if you have any questions.
Privacy
The Goldman Environmental Foundation (GEF) values the privacy of all individuals and organizations that receive our emails, visit our website, or otherwise communicate with us. GEF protects individual privacy by not using or disclosing any personal information to third parties, excepting the completion of the actions requested by individuals on our website or email communications. GEF seeks to comply fully with US and international privacy laws, including GDPR.
Information collected
The GEF website tracks certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors. GEF only uses such data in the aggregate, which helps us determine how our visitors use the website so that we may we ensure that it is functional, appealing, and useful. In order to accurately track the number of unique visitors to our website, GEF uses “cookies,” which do not collect personally identifiable information. GEF does not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. GEF cannot gather your email address unless you give it to us.
When you sign up for GEF’s email newsletter, we may specifically ask for information about you, such as name, contact info, and email. This information will be used solely for the purposes of sharing communications with you. GEF does not sell or share information with third parties. We restrict access to personal information to employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve our services. If, at any time, you do not want to receive email from GEF, please let us know by either opting out of our newsletter or contacting us directly, and we will promptly remove you from our list.
Contact
If you have any other questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@goldmanprize.org or 415-249-5800.