http://www.pghdepo.com/privacy-policy
Powers, Garrison and Hughes
1.877.PGH.DEPO
Pittsburgh: 412.263.2088
Erie: 814.453.5700
Greensburg: 724.853.7700
Schedule a Deposition
ServicesCourt Reporting
Video Services
Video Conferencing
Video Synching
Trial Presentations
Document imaging
Case Management
ContestsEnter Contest
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Powers, Garrison and Hughes.
Our postal address is:
436 Boulevard of the Allies
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
We can be reached by telephone at 412-263-2088
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded or used to improve the content of our Web page, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address or writing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number or contact the DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection offices or the Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Contact Us
Copyright © 2010 Powers Garrison & Hughes. All Rights Reserved. Site by 2440 Media