https://www.indystar.com/story/news/environment/2020/04/03/critics-idem-policy-lax-pollution-regulation-could-worsen-respiratory-problems-coronavirus-pandemic/5094406002/
New Indiana policy may lax pollution enforcement during pandemic, could put public at riskSarah BowmanIndianapolis StarView Comments Indiana's environmental agency may relax environmental enforcement for industries across the state, citing the difficulties caused by the coronavirus pandemic. But critics of this policy change — and a similar one at the federal level — fear it has the potential to do more harm than good: They worry industry could take advantage of the relaxed rules and potentially further endanger those who are already susceptible to the spreading disease by exacerbating respiratory illnesses."We are talking about a respiratory illness here. I don’t want that to go unsaid," said Janet McCabe, a former air quality official at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency under Barack Obama and at the Indiana Department of Environmental Management before that. "More air pollution," she said, "will make it harder for people with the virus to recover." Indiana is a heavy industry state and already a top emitter. Based on data from EPA’s Toxic Release Inventory, Indiana has the most releases of toxic chemicals nationwide per square mile.In response to questions about fears industry will take advantage of this policy, the Indiana Energy Association, representing the state's public utilities, said that they are still expected to comply with regulatory requirements, "where reasonably practicable." Indiana's Manufacturers Association said it believes the policies are "appropriately tempered and provides necessary flexibility" to both the agency and regulated entities. Manufacturers do not anticipate any noncompliance at this time, the association told IndyStar. Still, any potential compliance issues would be those related to missed due dates for reports or submissions under permits, said Malika Butler, assistant vice president for governmental affairs. "Facilities will prioritize their resources on those critical issues involving emissions or releases," Butler said. Still, IDEM has already received "several inquiries" from "various parties" — which are currently under review — regarding its policy, the agency told IndyStar. The agency provided two requests that were approved, one for a deadline extension on reporting requirements and another for adjusting communication methods.IDEM officials said they will continue to make that information available as they are able in the coming weeks. Several environmental and health experts said such information is important, particularly for the communities living around such facilities. That said, they also acknowledge the need to keep these facilities running during the pandemic. "I understand why industries are essential – we need the power on or these products are used to make ventilators and other things that we need," said Gabe Filippelli, the director of IUPUI's Center for Urban Health. "But I simply didn’t see where there is a greater public health risk of maintaining regulations and enforcement as they are." What the policies doThe U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced it's policy on March 26 Thursday that it would use "enforcement discretion" when facilities fail to meet requirements for environmental testing, reporting and pollution control. That policy would allow the agency to suspend fines and other penalties for noncompliance.A memo sent by Assistant Administrator Susan Bodine said that social distancing guidelines could limit staff from performing duties or interfere with industries' ability to comply with agency rules and permit requirements — including enforceable limitations on air emissions. The EPA guidelines say that states can take a different approach under their own authority. IDEM, however, in guidelines it announced shortly after, chose to follow suit.   Where is the coronavirus in Indiana? See confirmed cases with these mapsOvernight, business vanished: Farmers reliant on restaurants suffer during pandemicThis is a departure from guidance by IDEM's Commissioner just a week prior that "the requirements of regulated entities to follow the terms in permits, to submit reports, conduct and report on sampling, and other activities, have not been suspended."The agency said that facilities are still required to meet their regulatory obligations, and that it has not issued any blanket waivers or will not generally offer advance approval of noncompliance. In the event, however, that it is impossible for a facility to meet those obligations due to the pandemic, then it may request that IDEM use enforcement discretion for those specific issues.  IDEM stressed in its comments to IndyStar that protecting public health and the environment continues to be IDEM's "top priority." "We still expect regulated entities to do everything they can to be in compliance," IDEM spokesman Barry Sneed said. "However, we recognize that there are specific situations that may require flexibility on our part, and we will exercise discretion when necessary while continuing to protect public health and the environment."'There are no guardrails' That flexibility is what is raising concerns for many environmental and public health officials. "What’s troubling is the incredible breadth on it, there are no guardrails," McCabe said. "They are throwing everything in here, including actual emissions violations, and those absolutely can have public health impacts — that’s why they are in the rules and the limits to begin with."If an industry or facility is going to be deemed essential, that should include the employees that ensure compliance and environmental protections, said Jesse Kharbanda, director of the Hoosier Environmental Council.There are different types of noncompliance, he said. Some could be smaller, such as submitting a report a couple weeks late. Others could include releases of chemicals into the air or water above permit limits, which are much more problematic. "The effectiveness of this policy," Kharbanda said, "is contingent on IDEM’s staff having the authority to push back if necessary because a request could be harmful to the public health." The agency did not respond to questions on if it has such authority under this policy or if there are certain types of noncompliance or requests for discretion it would disallow. Testing:Eli Lilly expands testing criteria for coronavirusCynthia Giles said she has never seen a situation where EPA has not reserved the right to take action if there is an imminent threat to public health or welfare."Excusing the potential release of excess toxic air pollutants and other pollution that exacerbates asthma, breathing difficulty, and cardiovascular problems in the midst of a pandemic that can cause respiratory failure is irresponsible from a public health [perspective]," states a letter by the Environmental Integrity Project and signed by Cynthia Giles, who held Bodine's position at EPA under President Obama.Air pollution is strongly associated with people's risk of developing pneumonia and other respiratory infections, according to the Center for Climate, Health and the Global Environment at Harvard. A study on severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS — a 2003 pandemic that is closely related to COVID-19 — found that people who breathed dirtier air were about twice as likely to die from the infection, the Center's director Aaron Bernstein said in an interview made available by the school. Hoosiers public healthSeveral counties across Indiana that have high concentrations of industry — northwest along Lake Michigan, southwest along the Ohio River and in Central Indiana — have some of the highest rates of asthma emergency department visits, according to state data. Some of the same counties also rate an F for high ozone by the American Lung Association. IDEM did announce this week the beginning of its ozone forecasting season and the ability for residents to monitor ozone through SmogWatch.High ozone comes from nitrogen dioxide and volatile organic compounds emissions that make make it difficult to breath, induce coughing and exacerbate asthma, lung disease and more. Individuals with such preexisting conditions are among those who are most vulnerable to coronavirus, according to public health experts. "Many of the poor, low income and black and brown communities are not only disproportionately impacted by polluting systems and climate change," said Denise Abdul-Rahman, the environmental climate justice chair of Indiana's NAACP chapter, "but they are the very same vulnerable demographics impacted by COVID-19."  IDEM said that companies must communicate with the agency about potential noncompliance and maintain records that detail their best efforts to comply and how the pandemic interferes with their ability to do so. Sneed said that IDEM will also continue to carry out facility inspections during this time. Still, Victoria Witting said she does not put much trust in industry's self-monitoring and reporting. Investigations into two toxic chemical spills at U.S. Steel's Midwest Plant and ArcelorMittal's Burns Harbor facility in 2017 and 2019, respectively uncovered chronic violations. "In other words, self-monitoring hasn’t worked in the past and this rollback is clearly alarming," said Witting, a program specialist with Save the Dunes, a nonprofit conservation group out of northwest Indiana. "These investigations have also highlighted that IDEM has limited capacity for monitoring and enforcement during the best of times."She said she's nervous to see what this could mean for communities during these unusual times with such rollbacks. Neither IDEM nor EPA have indicated how long they expect these policies to last; they do not include an end date nor a set schedule on which they will be evaluated. IDEM officials said IDEM's policy is based on Indiana's stay-at-home order.The lack of concrete schedule, however, has some concerned the policies could be rolled out for longer, even once the pandemic ends. "When it comes to environmental regulations, it’s so easy to relax policies like this and so hard to get them back to where they were before," said Filippelli with IUPUI. He said he can see this as an opportunity for industry to take advantage of the situation: "Why even have this rule? It seems fraught for abuse.:He acknowledged that some industry may not have issues with staying in compliance. And McCabe said she hopes that companies will find they don't actually need this. The Indiana Energy Association — a group that speaks on behalf of Indiana's investor-owned utilities, which largely run coal and natural gas plants — said the utilities have not encountered any potential noncompliance issues during this time.The utilities "intend to comply" with their environmental requirements and are focused on ensuring appropriate staffing levels "while also being mindful of the health and safety of our employees and the communities we serve." "Compliance is still the goal as is maintaining regular communication with our regulators," said IEA Director Danielle McGrath. "To the extent possible, we will continue to operate as usual."Call IndyStar reporter Sarah Bowman at 317-444-6129 or email at sarah.bowman@indystar.com. Follow her on Twitter and Facebook: @IndyStarSarah. Connect with IndyStar’s environmental reporters: Join The Scrub on Facebook.IndyStar's environmental reporting project is made possible through the generous support of the nonprofit Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust.View Comments Subscribe Now