http://www.womanslifeins.com/chapters/helping-others/national-cause/
National Cause
Answering the Call to Fight Homelessness and Hunger in America
Beginning in 2011 Woman’s Life Insurance Society® and our chapters have embraced our National Cause: Answering the Call to Fight Homelessness and Hunger in America.
Active members in Woman’s Life chapters across the country continue their efforts to address the needs of those experiencing homelessness and hunger by building awareness,
planning volunteer service projects, and holding fundraising activities.
Woman’s Life chapters, utilizing our Chapter Financial Support programs, have contributed more than $1.6 Million in support of this effort. The majority of these contributions
directly benefit charitable organizations serving the needs of the homeless and hungry in the communities where our members live.
With skyrocketing health care costs and rising costs of living, one misfortune — a layoff, an injury, a serious illness — can transform a person’s life beyond recognition. Affecting families
and individuals in urban and rural areas and in all 50 states, the issues of homelessness and hunger touch the heart of America.
The time is now to be a part of the solution! Please join us in Answering the Call to Fight Homelessness and Hunger in America!
Want to get involved? Check out these Ideas for Volunteerism & Donations
Fighting Homelessness & Hunger
Woman’s Life Chapter 837 Fort Gratiot, Michigan teamed up with members from We Heart This City to collect bottles and pop cans. In fact, they were able to collect $500 worth of
bottles and cans! The money from the returns will be used to help purchase Thanksgiving dinners for low-income and senior residents living in St. Clair County. How wonderful to
be able to give this holiday season!
Previous National Causes
St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital®
Logon
I am a Member
Username
Password
Logon
Register
Forgot Password
Manage My Certificates
Make Payments
Update My Profile Information
Request Membership Card
Apply for Good Health Benefits
I am a Chapter Officer
Logon
Register
Forgot Password
Access Chapter Support Benefits
Request Financial Support
Request Event and Chapter Promotion Materials
Submit Monthly Activity Reports
View Progress Toward Earning Bonuses
I am an Agent
Username
Password
Logon
Forgot Password
Access Applications
Review Product Information
Personalize Marketing Materials
View Commission Statement
Not sure what to do?
Contact Us or call (800) 521-9292