http://www.northants-huntsmasons.org.uk/index.php/cookies-privacy-other-small-print
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Home
Search
Search Site
Search Lodge Meetings
About
Introduction
Provincial Executive
Group Officers
Corby
Huntingdon
Kettering
Northampton
Peterborough
South West
Stamford
Wellingborough & Rushden
Provincial Office Team
History
Masonic Education
Solomon
Book of Constitutions
Join
Join
Freemasonry for Women
Lodges
Lodges & Venues
Lodge Venues - Map
Lodge Meetings
Lodge Meetings
Lodge Meetings Calendar
Lodge Meetings List
Search Lodge Meetings
All Meetings Inc. Other Orders
Mark & RAM Meetings Only
Official Visits
Official Visits Calendar
Official Visits List
Notable Events List
Calendar Export
Ellindon (Peterborough) Regalia Shop
Corby Regalia Shop
Conference Venues
News
Recent News
Recent Chapter News
Archives
Blogs
Gallery
Password Newsletters
UGLE News
Freemasonry Today
In The Press
Information & Communications Committee
Charity
Overview
Provincial Grand Charity
Teddies for Loving Care
Masonic Charitable Foundation
MCF Free Will Writing Service
The 3 Pillars - Feeding The Homeless Trust
Return of Charity Donations 2019/20
2024 Festival
How to Donate
HRA
Welcome
Provincial Executive
What Companions Say...
Recent Chapter News
Archived Chapter News
Chapters in Province
Chapter Links
Join / Get In Touch
Orders
Overview
Mark & RAM
Knights Templar
Knights Templar Priests
Scottish Rite
Rose Croix
Red Cross of Constantine
Order of the Secret Monitor
Royal Order of Scotland
Royal & Select Masters
Operative Masonry
Allied Masonic Degrees
Leisure
Overview
Bowls
Caravanning
Fly Fishing
Golf
Lady Associate Members
Introduction
Northampton
Peterborough
Rushden
Masonic Dining Clubs
Introduction
Croughton Square & Compass
Brixworth
Museums & Libraries
Introduction
Northampton
Peterborough
Links
Contact
HomeCookies, Privacy & Other Small Print
Print
Legal Entity
Under the jurisdiction of the United Grand Lodge of England, the Masonic Province of Northamptonshire and Huntingdonshire is a Masonic Province has its main office at
Freemasons HallSheaf CloseNorthamptonNN5 7ULUnited Kingdom
United Grand Lodge of England Chartermark
What is on the site is true and accurate and there is nothing on the site that would be considered inappropriate for publication.
This website carries a chartermark number 07/0155/01.  This certifies the site conforms to the United Grand Lodge of England's standards on what can be published on the website of a Masonic Lodge or Province under its jurisdiction.
This chartermark is not an endorsement of the site.  Any views or opinions expressed here are not necessarily those of the Province of Northamptonshire & Huntingdonshire in particular, or Freemasonry in general.
Privacy Statement
Information and opinions published on this website are for general information purposes.
From time to time, we carry out statistical traffic analysis of our website usage.  This is for the purposes of refining the site and carrying out updates. Standard statistical data supplied by our web hosts includes recording unique visits, which is based on ISP tags. These tags are not used to identify or target individual visitors.  No data on individual visitors is sought or kept through the site.
Terms and Conditions
This website contains general information.  Although the Masonic Province of Northamptonshire and Huntingdonshire endeavours to ensure that the content is accurate and up-to-date, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness and therefore the information on this website only be relied upon in that context.
The contents of this website should not be construed as any sort of advice or offer. The Masonic Province of Northamptonshire and Huntingdonshire disclaims liability for any loss, howsoever caused, arising directly or indirectly from reliance on the information on this website.
It is our policy to check documents and files for viruses before they are posted onto the website. We cannot guarantee that documents or files downloaded will be free from viruses. We do not accept any responsibility for any loss, damage or expense caused by any virus. For your own protection you must use virus checking software when using this website. You must not post or provide to us via this website any document or file which you believe may contain a virus. You must virus check any document or file which you intend to post or provide to us via the website.
From this website you may be able to obtain access to websites operated by others. We do not endorse other websites and accordingly do not accept responsibility for any loss, damage or expense suffered arising out of access to other websites.
We reserve the right to update, modify or close this website at any time.
By accessing this website you agree that you will access its contents solely for your own use. You may print out a single hard copy of any part of the contents of this website for your use in accordance with these terms and conditions.  Except as expressly permitted by applicable law you may not copy (except to the extent required in order to use this website in accordance with these terms and conditions), store in any medium (including in any other website), distribute, transmit, retransmit, broadcast, modify or show in public any part of this website or systematically extract material from this website or any document available through it or in any other way exploit commercially all or any part of this website or any document available through it without the prior written permission of the Masonic Province of Northamptonshire and Huntingdonshire.
All electronic links to this site require the consent of the Masonic Province of Northamptonshire and Huntingdonshire.
We reserve the right to vary or amend these terms and conditions from time to time. Any changes will take effect on posting to the website.
Please contact us through this page.
Cookies
This website uses cookies, as do almost all websites. The purpose of these is to help provide you with the best experience possible.
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies enable us to:
Make our website work as expected
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook and Twitter
Continuously improve our website for you
Track visits to the sites articles so we know what kind of information is popular for our visitors
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information
Collect any sensitive information
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Granting Us Permission to Use Cookies
If the settings on your web browser are set to accept cookies we understand because of that, and your continued use of our website, you are in agreement of how we use cookies. Should you wish to remove or disable cookies please follow the instructions below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More About Our Own Cookies
We use cookies to make certain functions on our website work including:
Allowing you to vote in polls
Blocking the ip addresses of known or potential hackers
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site or disabling them in your browser settings.
Third Party Use of Cookies
Like most websites we include functionality provided by third parties. A common example is embedding past issues of our Password magazine using Issuu. Our site includes the following which may use cookies:
Back issues (powered by Issuu)
Videos (powered by YouTube and Vimeo)
Google Maps
Other embedded content
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
So that you can share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will depend on your settings with them.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac OS X or Windows PC) which helps to identify how our site works on particular platforms. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us, on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from google) and whether they have been here before helping us develop our services.
Google Analytics
You can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics. We’d prefer you didn’t though as this data is helpful to us in improving our website and therefore your experience on it. For more details click here.
Turning Off Cookies
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our, and a large proportion of the world’s, websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
Mozilla Firefox
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Firefox, select ‘options’ then choose ‘privacy’. Since Firefox accepts cookies by default, select “use custom settings for history”. This will bring up additional options where you can uncheck ‘accept cookies from sites’ or set exceptions, ‘accept third party cookies’, and decide how long cookies will be stored (till they expire, till you close the browser, or ask you every time). You can also see the list of stored cookies and delete those you don’t want manually. You also have the option of deleting all cookies either from the history window or the privacy window. Permissions for blocking or allowing cookies for single sites can also be set via the Permissions tab.
Google Chrome
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Google Chrome, click on the wrench (spanner) on the browser toolbar. Choose ‘settings’, then ‘under the hood’. Find the ‘privacy’ section and click on ‘content settings’. Then click on ‘cookies’ and you will get four options allowing you to delete cookies, allow or block all cookies by default or set cookie preferences for particular sites or domains.
Internet Explorer
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Internet Explorer, select Tools (or the gear icon), Internet Options, Privacy. You can choose from a number of security settings including Accept All Cookies, Block All Cookies and intermediate settings that affect cookie storage based on privacy and whether cookies set allow third parties to contact you without your explicit consent.
Safari
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Safari 5.0 and earlier, go to Preferences, Security and then Accept Cookies. You can choose from Always, Only from sites you navigate to or Never. In Safari 5.1 and later go to Preferences, Privacy. In the Block cookies section choose Always, Never or From third parties and advertisers.
You now have all the information you need to manage and delete cookies, but please don’t forget that doing so might mean the web doesn’t look quite the way you would expect.
Member Login
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot Login?
Sign up
Search Site
Search ...
Search
Copyright © 2007 - 2020 Masonic Province of Northamptonshire & Huntingdonshire      All Rights Reserved      Cookies, Privacy and Other Small Print
Go to top