https://www.kraftlaw.com/privacy-policy/
We are taking the threat of COVID-19 very seriously. Click here to find out what our firm is doing.
HomeOur TeamWilliam Stacy WebbR. Matthew StewartRobert A. KraftCheryl McLaughlinVera HicksDot GordonTressa GregoryGloria LomeliLegal ServicesPersonal Injury ClaimsCar AccidentsTruck AccidentsSocial Security ClaimsCriminal DefenseDWI DefensePremises LiabilityResourcesOur CommunityPersonal Injury ResourcesBlogTestimonialsWalk to Cure ArthritisFree BrochuresFree BooksContact
Personal Injury ClaimsSocial Security ClaimsCriminal DefenseDWI DefenseImmigration LawMesothelioma
Kraft & Associates > Privacy Policy
Tap to Call Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 28, 2015 Our Policy for protecting your privacyThe below Statement of Privacy applies to kraftlaw.com and other websites owned by kraftlaw.com. (collectively, the “Sites,” “Site,” “associated Sites,” or “kraftlaw.com”). This statement of privacy governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Kraftlaw include kraftlaw.com and any other Site owned by kraftlaw.com .com, Inc. By using the kraftlaw.com website or Sites, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.What Does this Statement of Privacy Cover?This Privacy Policy describes how kraftlaw.com treats personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that it obtains when you access the Sites or other kraftlaw.com communications.Collection of your Personal InformationKraftlaw.com may collect Personal Information, such as your or your businesses’ name, and information about your computer hardware and software such as your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of our services, to maintain and improve quality of our business, service and user experience, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the kraftlaw.com website. If you process payment using kraftlaw.com sites, we collect billing or credit card information. This information is used to complete the transaction. When you register with kraftlaw.com, or request additional information about our products and services, we may ask you for additional personal information, such as position title, department, fax number, or additional company information, such as annual revenues, number of employees, or industry. You can opt out of providing this additional information by simply not providing it when asked to do so. Kraftlaw.com may also gather anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you for purposes of improving user experience.Kraftlaw.com encourages you to read and review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from kraftlaw.com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Kraftlaw.com is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the kraftlaw.com website.Use of your Personal InformationKraftlaw.com collects and uses your personal information to operate, maintain and improve its websites and deliver the information and services you have requested. Kraftlaw.com may also use your personally identifiable information to provide information to you about other products or services available from kraftlaw.com and its partners and affiliates. Kraftlaw.com may also distribute surveys to you to conduct research about your opinion of current products and services or of potential new products and services that may be offered.Kraftlaw.com DOES NOT SELL, RENT or LEASE its CUSTOMER LISTS TO THIRD PARTIES.Kraftlaw.com may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about particular topics or offerings that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is transferred to the third party. Kraftlaw.com  Kraftlaw.com may track websites and pages our users visit within our Sites, in order to determine what kraftlaw.com products and services are the most popular. This data is used to help deliver customized content and service within kraftlaw.com to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular topic, product or service.Kraftlaw.com will disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on kraftlaw.com or the site;protect and defend the rights or property of kraftlaw.com; and,act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of kraftlaw.com, or the public.Google Analytics & Adwords DisclosureThis website, kraftlaw.com, uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third-party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site.This could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who have not completed a task on our site such as using the contact form to submit an inquiry. Advertising could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page or a site in the Google Display Network.Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the kraftlaw.com website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you by using the Google Ad Preferences page. You can also opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by adjusting cookie settings or permanently using a browser plug-in.Kraftlaw.com uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use the site. The tool uses “cookies.” These are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form, including Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks. This information, in Google Analytics, is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track the user’s movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., are not linked to personally identifiable information in Google Analytics. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for kraftlaw.com.As part of our commitment to transparency and your privacy, we provide the following links to opt-out of cookies provided by both our first-party ad server and many third-party advertising partners who may be engaging in online behavioral advertising:First-Party Opt-out – Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from our first-party ad serving vendor, Google. The link is http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/Third-Party and Online Behavioral Advertising Opt-out – Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from more than 50 major third-party behavioral advertising providers. The link is http://www.aboutads.info/choices/CookiesThe kraftlaw.com website may use “cookies” to help personalize your website experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. In addition, you enable kraftlaw.com to obtain any other cookies used on your website in conjunction with the kraftlaw.com service.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a particular page. For example, if you personalize kraftlaw.com pages, or register with the site or services, a cookie helps kraftlaw.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same kraftlaw.com website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the kraftlaw.com features that you customized.Security of your Personal InformationKraftlaw.com secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We routinely check for weaknesses or vulnerabilities in our source code. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.Children Under ThirteenKraftlaw.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.Opt-Out & UnsubscribeWe respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from kraftlaw.com by contacting us:Email: kraftlaw@kraftlaw.comPhone: 1-214-999-9999Changes to this Privacy StatementKraftlaw.com may update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback, or for other reasons as it deems suitable. Kraftlaw.com also encourages you to periodically review this Statement to stay informed of how your information is collected, used and protected.Merger or TransferShould we sell, merge or transfer any part of our business, part of the sale may include your personal information.Contact InformationKraftlaw.com welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that kraftlaw.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact kraftlaw.com at:Kraft & Associates2777 N Stemmons FWYSuite 1300Dallas, TX 75207Effective as of April 28, 2015
FREE Initial Consultation
* Required Fields
Read our Google Reviews
Testimonials It took a while, almost three years, but everyone was friendly and great. I would recommend friends or relatives to come to Kraft & Associates, P.C. Thank you Bill and everyone else who helped in my case.
Read More