http://www.wisegeek.com/what-are-wisegeeks-terms-and-conditions.htm
Thank you for visiting wiseGEEK.
wiseGEEK is wholly owned and operated by Conjecture Corporation.
By using information collected at the wiseGEEK website, you agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions, including our Privacy Policy. If you do not want to be bound by our Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Policy your only option is to not use wiseGEEK information.
Using wiseGEEK Content
Information provided by wiseGEEK is protected by United States and foreign copyright and other laws.
wiseGEEK authorizes visitors to view and make a single copy of its content for offline, personal, non-commercial use. wiseGEEK material may not be sold, reproduced, or distributed without wiseGEEK’s permission. You can make hard-copy reprint requests by contacting us.
Liability Disclaimer
Information provided by wiseGEEK is general in nature and is not intended to be a substitute for professional advice, including, but not limited to medical, financial, and legal advice.
All information is provided "as is." While we try to provide accurate information, we make no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy or completeness of the information provided by wiseGEEK. Information provided by wiseGEEK may be altered at any time without notice. wiseGEEK disclaims any responsibility associated with the general information it provides on any of its pages.
Visitors use wiseGEEK content solely at their own risk. In no event shall wiseGEEK be liable to any third party for damages related to using or not using its content whether claims are advanced on contract, tort, or other legal theories.
wiseGEEK does not endorse any product, service, seller, or provider mentioned in any of its articles or associated advertisements.
Choice of Law
All legal issues arising from or related to the use of wiseGEEK shall be assessed under the laws of the State of Nevada, United States of America irrespective of any conflict of law principles.
If a court with jurisdiction finds any of these Terms and Conditions invalid, that provision will be severed but will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Changes to Our Terms and Conditions
wiseGEEK reserves the right to change our Terms and Conditions without notice or liability to its visitors.
Visitors can view our latest Terms and Conditions at any time by visiting: /what-are-wisegeeks-terms-and-conditions.htm
Visitors are bound by modifications to our Terms and Conditions. Because this page can change from time to time, we recommend that visitors periodically review this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions, feel free to contact us by email, or in writing to the following address:
Conjecture Corporation
re: wiseGEEK Terms and Conditions
PO Box 2130
Sparks, NV 89432
U.S.A.
This page was last updated in April 2013.