http://www.mylemon.com/privacy-policy.php
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C. respects your privacy. Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C..
Credit card details
David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C. will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C..
External Sites.
David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C. is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C. to recognize you each time you visit this site(customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C. does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C. and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through David J. Gorberg & Associates, P.C. have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
For any other information contact us.
To learn more about the Pennsylvania & New Jersey Lemon Law please call 1-800-MY-LEMON (1-800-695-3666) or email us.
Call now for FREE help 1-800-MY-LEMON 1-800-695-3666
The Lemon Law Firm Serving PA, NJ, & NY The Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York Lemon Law Firm of David J. Gorberg and Associates is one of the country’s largest and most successful lemon law firms. Our Lemon Law Lawyers have provided free legal help to more than 30,000 clients throughout PA, NJ, and NY, resulting in the recovery of millions of dollars.
Pennsylvania Lemon LawNew Jersey Lemon LawNew York Lemon LawNo Cost To You. Contact Us Today.
Name (required)
Email (required)
Phone (required)
Year of Vehicle (required)
Comments
×
Call now for free help with your lemon
1-800-695-3666
David J. Gorberg & Associates Lemon Law Firm strives to make a quick and efficient settlement for our clients, through cost free legal representation.
Lemon Law Help with no cost for you.
Learn more about Lemon Law
Pennsylvania Lemon Law Firm
103 Sibley Avenue
Ardmore, PA 19003
501 Smith Drive, Suite 3
Cranberry Twp, PA 16066
New Jersey Lemon Law Firm
1813 Berlin Road
Cherry Hill, NJ 08003
New York Lemon Law Firm
777 Westchester Avenue, Suite 101
White Plains, NY 10604
70 Niagara Street Suite 612
Buffalo, NY 14202
© 2020 My Lemon. All Rights Reserved.
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Contact Us
325+5 Star Reviews
Go to Top