http://www.odonoghue.co.uk/page/privacy-policy.html
Cookie
We would like to use cookies to store information on your computer, to improve our website. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy notice.
I accept cookies from this site
Privacy notice
The O'Donoghue Society
For all those interested in history and genealogy and whose names are derived from the Gaelic
×
Registration
Title
--------
Mr
Mrs
Miss
Ms
Rev
Sr
Forename *
Surname *
Road/Street
State/County
Country
--------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
England
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Ireland
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.s.
Wales
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Village/Town/City
House name/Number
ZIP code/Postcode
Phone
Mobile phone
Fax
Email *
Website
Subscribe to newsletter
Username *
New password *
Repeat password *
Member
Guest
Guest and Folklore Enthusiast
Submit
CloseRegister
×
Guests/Members area
Username *
Password *
Submit
Password recoveryCloseLogin
×
Password recovery
Email *
CloseSend
LoginRegister
The SocietyGoals, culture & approachPatronFounderCouncilSuccess StoriesEventsJournalContents and Published journalsSearch JournalsList of regular contributorsWould you like to contribute?Y-DNA ProjectDNA ReportsDNA ResultsDNA InterpretationsOther DNA web sitesContact for DNASociety Projects
BooksBlogFamily History ResearchResearch ServiceProject input pageUseful genealogical linksName VariantsPhysical CharacteristicsResearch Interests RegisterFamily TreesContact RegisterResourcesHistory of the NameHistorical OriginsHeraldryHistorical sites & artifactsSoundsPlaces of the NameWho’s WhoBusinesses of the NameConnections & communityMeet an O’DonoghueBusiness interestsForums
Latest News
Read All News
Researcher's Tips
Dates and generations
Be as specific as possible about dates or generations.
Try to work out the timeframe based on information you KNOW is correct:
ie. I was born in 1955, my dad was born in 1916 so my grandfather's date of birth (and his cousins) must have been somewhere in the 1890's.
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
This is a privacy policy for The O’Donoghue Society. Our homepage on the Web is located at https://www.odonoghue.co.uk.
Our contact details are:
Address:           30 Canonbury Park South, London, N1 2FN, UK
e-mail:              rod@odonoghue.co.uk
Phone:             + 44 (0) 20 7704 0402(uk)
This policy governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) [pre GDPR enforcement] and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations).
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under the GDPR, DPA & PECR are adhered to. Additionally it will explain the use of cookies or software and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on this website. Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties (if any) interact with you and your computer / device in order to serve it to you. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
The DPA & GDPR May 2018
We and this website complies with the DPA (Data Protection Act 1998) and already complies with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) which comes into effect from May 2018. We will update this policy accordingly after the completion of the UK's exit from the European Union.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advises users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations described above.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers (guests and members) about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Users can subscribe through an online automated process where they have given their explicit permission. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations described above.  Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time by emailing Rod at rod@odonoghue.co.uk. The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
Address sharing between guests and members
One of our purposes is to encourage interaction between members and guests.  When you input your address (email or postal) it is used in certain parts of the web site to facilitate communication between members and guests, such as on Meet an O’Donoghue or Name Variants.  In order to access this data one must have logged in using a secure password.  The Administrators of the web site can access your personal details but not your password.
If you do not believe that there is a legitimate interest in this mutual processing and sharing of information then you must log in to the site, access your Profile and remove the data that concerns you.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites, such as those made available in the Useful genealogical links area of the society web site.
Shortened URL's; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL's (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media and looks similar to this (example: http://bit.ly/zyVoUBo). Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Principles & Usage
The Society’s Social Media Principles are offered to help us (the Society and its guests and members) conduct ourselves with care online.
Social media networks – Facebook, Twitter and others – provide useful reporting and promotional tools.
- Integrity is our most important commodity: Avoid writing or posting anything that would embarrass the Society or your research objectives.
- Assume that your professional life and your personal life will merge online regardless of your care in separating them.
- Even if you use privacy tools (determining who can view your page or profile, for instance), assume that everything you write, exchange or receive on a social media site is public.
- Be aware of perceptions. If you “friend” a source or join a group on one side of a debate, do so with the other side as well. Also understand that readers may view your participation in a group as your acceptance of its views; be clear that you’re looking for research ideas or simply collecting information. Consider that you may be an observer of online content without actively participating.
- While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with them. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
- There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
Updated June 2018
Follow us:
Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsContact Us
Copyright © The O'Donoghue Society. All Rights Reserved.
website development