http://www.uwest.edu/current-students/student-resources/administrative-services/family-educational-rights-and-privacy-act/
Apply Now
Aspiring Students
Current Students
Staff & Faculty
Community
Quick Links
Student Portal
Student Email
Faculty Portal
Staff Email
Adjunct Faculty Email
Library
Faculty/Staff Directory
Giving
Contact
Apply Online
Access Your Online Courses
Student Resources
Student Life
Office of Student Life
Non-Discrimination Policy
Student Conduct
Grades & Grading Grievance
Student Grievance Policy & Procedure
Title IX/Sexual Misconduct
F-1 Student Health Insurance
Office of Residential Life
How to Apply for Housing
Important Dates & Deadlines
Housing Rates
Dining Hall
Frequently Asked Questions
Wellness Center
Student Government
Academic Success
Academic Advising
Career Development Center
Taskstream
Student Success Services
About Us
Our Mission & Goals
Tutoring Services
Meet Our Tutors
Resources
Disability Support Services
Learning Links
FAQs
Administrative Services
Office of Student Accounts
Tuition & Fees for 2018-2019
Tuition & Fees for 2017-2018
Refund Policies
Tuition Payments
1098-T Tax Information
Office of Financial Aid
Office of the Registrar
Academic Calendar
Registration
Degree Registration FAQ
ELI Registration FAQ
Student Information
Changing Your Major
Changing Your Name/Address
Transfer Credit
Leave of Absence, Withdrawal & Reentry or Readmission
Proof of Enrollment
Transcript Orders
How to Use the UWest Portal
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
International Student Services
Change of Address
Driver License
F-1 Student Health Insurance
F-1 Student Agreement
Important Links & Forms
Practical Training
Working as an F-1 Student
Social Security Card
Taxes
Travel Documents
Useful Forms
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
(Source: U.S. Department of Education)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99) is a Federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education.
FERPA gives parents certain rights with respect to their children’s education records. These rights transfer to the student when he or she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Students to whom the rights have transferred are “eligible students.”
Parents or eligible students have the right to inspect and review the student’s education records maintained by the school. Schools are not required to provide copies of records unless, for reasons such as great distance, it is impossible for parents or eligible students to review the records. Schools may charge a fee for copies.
Parents or eligible students have the right to request that a school correct records which they believe to be inaccurate or misleading. If the school decides not to amend the record, the parent or eligible student then has the right to a formal hearing. After the hearing, if the school still decides not to amend the record, the parent or eligible student has the right to place a statement with the record setting forth his or her view about the contested information.
Generally, schools must have written permission from the parent or eligible student in order to release any information from a student’s education record. However, FERPA allows schools to disclose those records, without consent, to the following parties or under the following conditions (34 CFR § 99.31):
School officials with legitimate educational interest;
Other schools to which a student is transferring;
Specified officials for audit or evaluation purposes;
Appropriate parties in connection with financial aid to a student;
Organizations conducting certain studies for or on behalf of the school;
Accrediting organizations;
To comply with a judicial order or lawfully issued subpoena;
Appropriate officials in cases of health and safety emergencies; and
State and local authorities, within a juvenile justice system, pursuant to specific State law.
Schools may disclose, without consent, “directory” information such as a student’s name, address, telephone number, date and place of birth, honors and awards, and dates of attendance. However, schools must tell parents and eligible students about directory information and allow parents and eligible students a reasonable amount of time to request that the school not disclose directory information about them. Schools must notify parents and eligible students annually of their rights under FERPA. The actual means of notification (special letter, inclusion in a PTA bulletin, student handbook, or newspaper article) is left to the discretion of each school.
For additional information, you may call 1 (800) USA-LEARN (1 (800) 872-5327) (voice).
Individuals who use TDD may call 1 (800) 437-0833
Or you may contact the Family Policy Compliance Office at the following address:
Family Policy Compliance Office
U.S. Department of Education
400 Maryland Avenue, SW
Washington, D.C. 20202-8520
Retrieved from: http://www2.ed.gov/print/policy/gen/guid/fpco/ferpa/index.html
Exceptions to FERPA for International Students (students with an F1 Visa status)
“Generally, FERPA restricts the ability of an educational agency or institution that accepts certain Federal funding to disclose personal information contained in a student’s educational record. In accordance with section 641(c)(2) of IIRIRA, however, the Commissioner is permitted to waive FERPA to the extent necessary to implement SEVIS” (retrieved from: http://www.ice.gov/pi/news/factsheets/0212FINALRU_FS.htm).
For more information on exceptions to FERPA for international students, please visit: http://www.ice.gov/pi/news/factsheets/0212FINALRU_FS.htm
Informational packets:
FERPA: Annual Notification of Rights/Notice for Directory Information 2016-2017