http://www.st-anselms.com/148/terms-of-use
Terms of Use - St. Anselm's College
Share
Contact
Add to Favourites
Information
Important Information: Covid-19
Mission Statement
Sprititual, Moral, Social and Cultural Development
College Performance
Calendar
Term Dates 2020-21
Newsletters
GDPR
General Information
Social Media
Examples of Student Work
Admissions
Welcome
Prospectus
College Uniform Shop
Entrance Exam - Register for 2022 entry into Year 7
Entrance Exam - application for access arrangements
Entrance Exam - sample papers
Admissions Policy 2020-2021
Admissions Policy 2021-2022
Admissions Policy 2022-2023
Admission Appeals
Sixth Form Entry
Sixth Form Application
Sixth Form Prospectus
Sixth Form Curriculum
Parents
Handbook & Policies
College Performance
Friends of St. Anselm's (FOSA)
Health and Wellbeing
Outstanding Achievement Award
Extra Curricular life
Pupil Premium
Free School Meals
SEND Provision
Sports and Physical Education Department
MyEd App
Show My Homework
ParentPay
GDPR Notification for Parents
Students
Show My Homework
Office365
Health and Wellbeing
Curriculum
Careers & Options (CEIAG)
Examination Information
Sports and Physical Education Department
Maths Department website
GDPR Notification for Students
Staff
Office365
Show My Homework
Remote Apps
Evolve
SISRA Analytics
GDPR Training
GDPR Notification for Staff
Flexible Working Policy
Governors
Governors Portal
Parent Governor Election 2020
Information for Prospective Governors
From the Chair of Governors
Terms of Reference
College Governance
Committees
Governors Attendance
Governors Register of Interests
Academy Finances
Governance Statement
GDPR Notification for Governors
Contact Us
Email Enquiries
How to find us
Vacancies
Terms of Use
Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they contain important information about your rights and obligations when using St-Anselms.com (the "Website").
TERMS OF WEBSITE USE
This page tells you the terms on which you may make use of our Website, whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use (the Terms) carefully before you start to use the Website. By using our Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms, please refrain from using our Website.
Information about Us
St-Anselms.com is a Website operated by St. Anselm’s College Edmund Rice Academy Trust ("we, us, our"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number ***** and have our registered office at St. Anselm’s College, Manor Hill, Birkenhead, Wirral, CH43 1UQ
Accessing our Website
Certain areas of our Website are only accessible to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms, and that they comply with them.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in our Website, and in the material published on it.
You may view, download, electronically copy and print off extracts of any page(s) from our Website for your own personal, non-commercial use only.
You must not modify, redistribute or commercially exploit any of the Website content without prior written permission from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our Website in breach of these Terms, your right to use our Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Website changes
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to change the content of the Website from time to time.
Information about you and your visits to our Website
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy . By using our Website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Prohibited Uses
You may use our Website only for lawful purposes. You may not use our Website:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards (as set out further below); or
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam);
You must not:
reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our Website in contravention of the provisions of these Terms;
access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our Website;
any equipment or network on which our Website is stored;
any software used in the provision of our Website; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our Website ("contributions").
You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
be accurate (where they state facts);
be genuinely held (where they state opinions); and
comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person;
contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
promote sexually explicit material;
promote violence;
promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
infringe any copyright, database right, trade mark or other intellectual property rights of any other person;
be likely to deceive any person;
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
promote any illegal activity;
be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case; or
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Website, the server on which our Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Website. You must not attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
If you breach this provision, you will commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Website will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Suspension and termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of these Terms through your use of our Website. When a breach of these Terms has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with these Terms may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Website;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our Website;
issue of a warning to you;
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
further legal action against you;
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these Terms. The responses described in these Terms are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Linking to our Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our Website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of our Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The Website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out above.
If you wish to make any use of material on our Website other than that set out above, please address your request to info@st-anselms.com
Links from our Website
Where our Website contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those Websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our Website. These Terms are governed by English law.
Variations
We are continually seeking to update and improve the Website. Therefore, we may make changes to any part of the Website and/or the Terms at any time. We advise that you check this page from time to time for any changes we make as you will be bound by them.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our Website, please contact
info@st-anselms.com
Thank you for visiting our Website.
Contact Us
St Anselm’s College, Manor Hill, Birkenhead, Merseyside, England CH43 1UQ
Phone: 0151 652 1408
Fax: 0151 652 1957
Email: info@st-anselms.com
Website Design By Cleverbox
High Visibility Version
Terms of Use
Cookie Usage
Privacy Policy
*
Cookie Notice:
We use cookies on this site to improve your user experience.
Accept
Find out more