https://www.lashicap.org/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy and Terms of use
VISITING OUR SITE
Thank you for visiting www.lashicap.org. Legal Assistance for Seniors is committed to protecting your privacy online. This privacy policy explains the policies in place. If you have questions that are not covered here, please contact us at las@lashicap.com.
Similar to many other websites on the internet, www.lashicap.org collects a certain amount of tracking data when users visit. These data include browser information, IP address, pages visited on www.lashicap.org, and the length of time spent on a page and on our site. No personal information is collected from your browser during your visit to our site unless specifically submitted by you, the user, through a donation transaction or contact form.
Because LAS’ website contains links to other sites, there is a possibility that those sites may use cookies to collect a visitor’s personal information. We cannot control the use of cookies by sites linked to our site and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other sites.
Legal Assistance for Seniors’ (LAS) HMIS Privacy and Confidentiality Policy
HMIS Privacy and Confidentiality Policy
DONATIONS AND CONTACT FORMS
Our site contains pages where you can make a donation to support LAS. We use a secure server to process these transactions so your credit card number and other personal information will be encrypted and will remain confidential. Our site also contains pages where you can join our e-mail newsletter.
We are committed to preserving the privacy and security of visitors to our site.
E-NEWSLETTER
LAS never sells our mailing list. You may remove yourself from our mailing list at any time.  To unsubscribe, please contact us at las@lashicap.com.
COPYRIGHT
All text and graphical materials on www.lashicap.org are owned by Legal Assistance for Seniors, licensed, or reproduced with permission. Text and some graphical materials may be used elsewhere with permission, but text from our website may not be modified in any way. To request permission for re-use, email las@lashicap.com.
UPDATES
Our Privacy Policy may change from time-to-time, and all updates will be posted on this page.
At any time, you can contact us if you need to correct your information or want to be removed from any of our lists.
This policy may be updated as industry practices change and develop. We invite you to check back here or contact us at any time to obtain updates.
Visit Us
333 Hegenberger Rd., Suite 850
Oakland, CA 94621
GET DIRECTIONS
To Contact Us:
510.832.3040
For a HICAP Appointment:
510.839.0393
CA HICAP Statewide 800#:
800-434-0222
Volunteer With LAS Want to help? We welcome volunteers. Learn more about getting involved on our volunteer page.
Hours Monday       9AM–5PM
Tuesday       9AM–5PM
Wednesday  9AM–5PM
Thursday     9AM–5PM
Friday          9AM–5PM
Saturday      Closed
Sunday        Closed
NavigationContact
Donate
Volunteer
Events
Elder Abuse Webinar
Fall Fest Photos
Programs
Legal
HICAP
Community Education
News
About
Team
Donors
History
Jobs