http://www.kripalu.org/terms-and-conditions
Kripalu’s onsite programs are canceled through 2020.
Stay connected with us online. Donate now to help us re-open.
Calendar of Programs
Choose from a variety of transformative programs and trainings designed to inspire, educate, and empower.
See All
Presenters & Faculty
These thought leaders offer heart-opening experiences that support our vision of an awakened, compassionate, and connected world.
View All
RISE
RISE training provides continuing medical education credits for professional development.
Learn More
Give Now
Kripalu is a 501(c)(3) non-profit. Your gift helps create a more awakened, compassionate, and connected world.
Donate Now
Your Gift Supports Kripalu’s Future
The shutdown’s financial blow poses a serious threat to Kripalu and its mission toward sanctuary, compassion, and love. We need your help, like never before.
Learn More
You Might Also Be Interested In
Ways to Give
Coronavirus Update
A Word from the Kripalu CEO
About Us
For 48 years, Kripalu has been a leader in yoga- and mindfulness-based education. More than just poses on a mat, we believe yoga is an accessible practice that inspires connection, compassion, and joy.
Learn More
History
Our Core Values
Press Center
About Us
Contact Us
Employment Opportunities
Request a Catalog
Donate
Call Registrations at 866.200.5203
Monday–Friday 10:00 am–4:00 pm EST
Contact Us
Join the Conversation
Our Newsletter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Plan Your Stay
Presenters & Programs
R&R Retreat
Schools
Healing Arts
Group Retreats
Find Out More
About Your Stay
Accommodations
Registrations and Arrivals
Directions
Guest Stories
While You're Here
Dining
Shop and Cafe
Grounds and Facilities
You Might Also Be Interested In
Coronavirus Update
Guest Stories
Tripadvisor
About Our Schools
Now online, Kripalu offers a variety of teacher trainings and certifications to deepen your practice and share your passion with the world.
Learn More
Our Schools
School of Yoga
School of Ayurveda
School of Integrative Yoga Therapy
School of Mindful Outdoor Leadership
Apply Today
Our Commitment
Scholarships are a vital part of Kripalu's mission to empower people and communities to realize their full potential
Learn More
You Might Also Be Interested In
Continuing Education Credits
Kripalu Yoga and Ayurveda Association
Find a Teacher Near You
Find Your Center Online
From dynamic presenter programs and workshops to virtual healing arts offerings, explore all Kripalu has to offer you in the comfort of your home.
Learn More
Online Programs & Workshops
Browse all upcoming online programs, workshops, and schools trainings.
View All
Virtual Healing Arts Services
From psychic readings to positional therapy consultations, come experience personalized online sessions from the comfort of home.
Book Now
You Might Also Be Interested In
Kripalu Schools Online
Online Resources
Our Blog
Kripalu experts and visiting faculty share their views on yoga, health and wellness, nutrition, relationships, creativity, and spirituality.
Browse Articles
By Topic
Ayurveda
Yoga
Meditation & Mindfulness
Food & Nutrition
Self-Care
By Type
Articles
Recipes
Videos
You Might Also Be Interested In
Desktop and Mobile Wallpapers
Free Coloring Book
You are here
Home
Website Terms of Use
Welcome
Acceptance of Terms of Use
Changes to the Terms of Use
Accessing the Websites and Account Security
Intellectual Property Rights
Trademarks
Prohibited Uses
User Contributions; Recordings
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
Content Standards
Copyright Infringement
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Reliance on Information Posted
Changes to Websites
Information About You and Your Visits to the Websites
Online Purchases and Other Terms and Conditions
Linking to the Websites and Social Media Features
Links from the Websites
Geographic Restrictions
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitations on Liability
Indemnification
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Waiver and Severability
Entire Agreement
Your Comments and Concerns
1. Acceptance of the Terms of Use
These terms of use are entered into by and between You and the Kripalu Center for Yoga & Health (Kripalu, we, or us). Unless otherwise noted, the following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, Terms of Use), govern your access to and use of www.Kripalu.org or other affiliated URL’s (each a Website and together the Websites), including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the Websites, whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use a Website. By using a Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use our Websites.
WHERE NOTED, CERTAIN SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED VIA OUR WEBSITES BY THIRD PARTIES OR USING THIRD-PARTY TECHNOLOGIES; AND IN SOME CASES, THE THIRD-PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS AS WELL AS PRIVACY, PAYMENT AND OTHER POLICIES MAY APPLY.   IF YOU CHOOSE TO ACCESS ANY OF THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICES LINKED TO OUR WEBSITES OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR WEBSITES, YOU DO SO ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND OTHER POLICIES FOR SUCH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES.
Our Websites are offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older and who reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions. By using our Websites, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with Kripalu and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use our Websites.
2. Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of our Websites thereafter. However, any changes to the Governing Law and Jurisdiction provisions will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice on or before the date the change is posted on our Websites.
Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
3. Accessing the Websites and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend our Websites, and any service or material we provide on our Websites, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of a Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for both:
Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to a Website.
Ensuring that all persons who access a Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.
To access our Websites or some of the resources available via our Websites, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of our Websites that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current, and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with us via the Website or otherwise, including, but not limited to, through the use of any interactive features on a Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted; and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to a Website or portions of it using your user name, password, or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
As between You and Kripalu, the Websites and content, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) are owned by Kripalu, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
These Terms of Use permit you to use the Websites for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on our Websites, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution.
If we provide desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features, subject to the terms of use applicable to the owner of the social media platform.
Unless otherwise expressly permitted on a case by case basis, you must not:
Modify copies of any materials from our Websites.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from our Websites.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Websites or any services or materials available through the Websites.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out in this section, please address your request to: contact@kripalu.org.
If you print, copy, modify, download, or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Websites in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Websites will stop immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title, or interest in or to the Websites or any content made available via the Websites is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by Kripalu. Any use of the Websites not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
5. Trademarks
The Kripalu name, the Kripalu logo, the Kripalu mandala, the RISE mandala, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans, including without limitation, RISE, “Kripalu Connect”, and the following when preceded by “Kripalu” School of Yoga, School of Ayurveda, School of Mindful Outdoor Leadership, R&R, Healing Arts, YOGADANCE, Integrative Yoga Therapy, and School of Integrative Yoga Therapy, are trademarks of Kripalu or its affiliates or licensors, whether or not registered. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of Kripalu. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on our Websites are the trademarks of their respective owners.
6. Prohibited Uses
You may use the Websites only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Websites:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information, or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any material that does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Kripalu, a Kripalu employee, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using email addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Websites, or which, as determined by us, may harm Kripalu or users of the Websites, or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Websites in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Websites or interfere with any other party's use of the Websites, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Websites.
Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Websites for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Websites.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Websites, or for any other purpose not expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Websites.
Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Websites, the server on which the Websites are stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Websites.
Attack the Websites via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Websites.
7. User Contributions Recording
The Websites may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards and other interactive features (collectively, Interactive Services) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, post) content or materials (collectively, User Contributions) on or through the Websites.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards.
Any User Contribution you post to our Websites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Websites, you shall and hereby do grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
Kripalu reserves the right to record in any manner or medium, certain programs and sessions, and by participating in our programs, you agree that your voice, image and likeness may be recorded (audio, video, etc.).  The recordings shall constitute Kripalu intellectual property, and may be used, sold, licensed, broadcast, and otherwise commercially exploited as determined by Kripalu in its sole and reasonable discretion.  You hereby grant to Kripalu and its affiliates and assigns the right and permission to use in perpetuity, your name, likeness, image, voice, recorded voice, appearance, biographical information, statements, performance and/or testimonial(s) (Appearance) in any manner and in any media, now known or later developed, throughout the world, at any time, for Kripalu’s business purposes, without review, permission or compensation of any amount or kind whatsoever. You shall not hold Kripalu responsible for any liability resulting from the lawful use of your Appearance in accordance with the terms of this section.
In addition, Kripalu may ask you to respond to questionnaires or other surveys, and your answers will constitute User Contributions.
You represent and warrant that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above.
All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not Kripalu, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.
We are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Websites.
8. Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Websites or the public, or could create liability for Kripalu.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Websites. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS KRIPALU AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY KRIPALU OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING, OR TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF, INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER KRIPALU OR SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Websites, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
9. Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
10. Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any content on our Websites (including User Contributions) violates your copyright, then the following processes shall apply. It is the policy of Kripalu to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Copyright owners who believe their material has been infringed should contact Kripalu’s designated copyright agent at Director of Legal Services or via mail sent to: Director of Legal Services, Kripalu Center for Yoga & Health, PO Box 309, Stockbridge, MA 01262.
Notification must include:
Identification of the copyrighted work, or, in the case of multiple works at the same location, a representative list of such works at that Website.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity. You must include sufficient information for us to locate the material (e.g., URL, IP address, computer name).
Information for us to be able to contact the complaining party (e.g., email address, phone number).
A statement that the complaining party believes that the use of the material has not been authorized by the copyright owner or an authorized agent.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
11. Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Websites is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Websites, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
The Websites may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers, and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators, and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by Kripalu, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Kripalu. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
12. Changes to the Websites
We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
13. Information About You and Your Visits to the Websites
All information we collect on the Websites is subject to our Privacy Policy unless otherwise noted. By using the Websites, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
14. Online Purchases and Other Terms and Conditions
Where noted, additional terms and conditions or policies may apply to specific portions, services, or features made available via the Websites, including refund and cancellation policies, or third-party terms applicable to a third-party service or Kripalu’s third party contractors (such as payment processors). In case of a conflict between a term or conditions set forth in third-party terms or privacy policies and these Terms of Use, the third-party terms and conditions shall supersede.
15. Linking to the Websites and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part without our express prior written consent.
The Websites may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on a Website.
Send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on a Website.
Cause limited portions of content on a Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
16. Links from the Websites
If a Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.  For clarity, some of these third-party services are used by Kripalu to present Kripalu content and services; in which case, only the intellectual property and Content Standards will apply to the Kripalu content itself unless otherwise noted.
If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to our Websites, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
17. Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Websites is based in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States. We provide our Websites for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Websites or any of their content are accessible or appropriate for use outside of the United States. Access to the Websites may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Websites from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
18. Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Websites will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Websites for any reconstruction of any lost data. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES, OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITES OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES, ITS CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.  YOU RECOGNIZE THAT SOME OF THE CONTENT PRESENTED HERE INLCUDES ACTIVITIES THAT MAY INVOLVE AN ELEMENT OF PHYSICAL, EMOTIONAL, AND PSYCHOLOGICAL RISK AND MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR ALL INDIVIDUALS. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR PARTICIPATION IN ACTIVITIES MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITES IS VOLUNTARY AND UNDERTAKEN WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF THE POTENTIAL RISKS; AND YOU HEREBY AGREE TO ACCEPT AND ASSUME ANY AND ALL RISKS HOWEVER CAUSED.
THE WEBSITES, THEIR CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER KRIPALU NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH KRIPALU MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER KRIPALU NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH KRIPALU REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITES, THEIR CONTENT, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITES WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITES OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THE WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITES WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, KRIPALU HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
19. Limitation on Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL KRIPALU, ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITES, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THEM, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITES OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
The limitation of liability set out above does not apply to liability resulting from our gross negligence or willful misconduct.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
20. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Kripalu, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Websites, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Website's content, services, and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, your use of any information obtained from the Websites, or any third-party services made available via our Websites.
21. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Websites and these Terms of Use, and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Websites shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States located in the City of Springfield, MA, or the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, located in Berkshire County. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
22. Waiver and Severability
No waiver by Kripalu of any term or condition set out in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Kripalu to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
23. Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy and if applicable, Terms of Sale constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Kripalu regarding the Websites and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the Websites or any services, content or information accessible via the Websites.
24. Your Comments and Concerns
The Websites are operated by the Kripalu Center for Yoga & Health, PO Box 30, Stockbridge, MA 01262.  Please contact us with all feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Websites.
Last Modified: April 24, 2020
Privacy Policy