http://www.ywca.org.nz/terms-and-conditions/
YWCA
Menu
YWCA
Menu
Location
Auckland
Hamilton
Whangarei
Christchurch
About Us
Get Involved
Our Stories
Workplace
Contact
Donate
Terms and Conditions
Website content is available for personal use only.
All trademarks are protected from commercial use by third parties.
All trademarks, copyrighted materials, images of people or places appearing on this website are either the property of, or used with permission by YWCA Auckland. The use of these images by you or anyone else authorised by you is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission is provided elsewhere on the site.
By accessing and browsing this site, you give your consent to the privacy policy and theseterms and conditions of use. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the website.
We reserve the right at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms and conditions, the privacy policy and the website at any time. Please check these terms and conditions, the privacy policy and the website periodically for changes. Continued use of this site after any changes will mean you accept those changes.
While the Company uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information in the site, YWCA Auckland makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. The Company assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the site.
YWCA Auckland and its associated companies take no responsibility for the downloading ofsoftware from this site or from any linked sites.
The sites linked to this website are beyond the control of the Company. No liability orresponsibility is taken for cookies, data or personal information collected by other linkedsites accessed through this site or the linked sites, nor for the content of any sites linked to this web site. Your linking to this site or other sites is at your own risk.
The Company does not give any guarantees, undertakings, warranties or make anyrepresentations in relation to the website whatsoever and under no circumstance shall the Company be responsible for any damage, loss or consequential loss suffered by any party as a result of their use or reliance on information on the website.
ywca.org.nz is a website of YWCA Auckland, Ground Floor, Annex Building, 27 Gillies Ave,Newmarket, Auckland, NZ.