http://www.pglcambs.org.uk/privacy-policy
+44 (0)1223 471586 (answerphone) webenquiry@pglcambs.org.uk
Cambridgeshire Freemasons
What is Freemasonry?
Common Questions
Universities Scheme
Interested in Joining?
Re-Join
Contact
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
The Provincial Grand Lodge of Cambridgeshire makes no warranties, representations or undertakings about any of the content of this web site, or any content of any other web site referred to on or linked to this web site. We do not endorse the content of any such web site. Where such sites are referenced by this site it is for general information only.
Copyright
The content of these pages is protected by copyright. You may download extracts from this website but you must not sell our content or republish it except with our prior written agreement.
You may link to our site, but not in a way that is likely to infer your ownership of the content or that our site endorses or is affiliated with yours. Substantial copying of our pages in any form is prohibited.
Visitor anonymity and personal or confidential information
We will make no attempt to identify individual visitors to our site, except where there is a reasonable suspicion that unauthorised access to or disruption of systems is being attempted. In all cases, we reserve the right to attempt to identify any individual or group who is reasonably suspected of trying to gain unauthorised access to or disrupt computer systems or resources operating as part of our web services.
As a condition of use of this site, all visitors must give permission for us to attempt to identify individuals or groups who are reasonably suspected of gaining, or attempting to gain, unauthorised access or attempting disruption of our web services.
Any individual appearing by name, photograph or other reference in any of our articles or postings to this website may request at any time that reference to them be removed or modified by This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will undertake to action such requests promptly.
Please note that if you submit any form appearing on this website, the Province of Cambridgeshire may store and use the personal data you provide in order to respond to your query, check any information you have provided and improve the quality of the services it offers.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, as do almost all modern websites. Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer or mobile device when you browse websites. The purpose of our cookies is to help provide you with the best experience possible.
Our cookies enable us to:
Make our website work as expected and intended
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook and Twitter
Track visits to the pages of our site so we know what kind of information is popular for our visitors
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any  information that is sensitive or which would allow the identification of individuals
Pass data to third parties
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below.
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your web browser are set to accept cookies we understand because of that, and your continued use of our website, you are in agreement of how we use cookies. Should you wish to remove or disable cookies please follow the instructions below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make certain functions on our website work, for example allowing you to vote in polls.
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site or disabling them in your browser settings.
Third party functions
Like most websites we include functionality provided by third parties. Our site includes the following which may use cookies:Videos (powered by YouTube and Vimeo)
Google Maps
Other embedded content
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Social Website Cookies
So that you can share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by:
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will depend on your settings with them.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac OS X or Windows PC) which helps to identify how our site works on particular platforms. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us, on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from Google) and whether they have been here before, helping us develop our services.
Google Analytics - you can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics (we’d prefer you didn’t though as this data is seriously helpful to us in improving our website and therefore your experience on it https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our, and a large proportion of the world’s, websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
HomeAbout Us
History of FreemasonryHistory of this ProvinceProvincial ExecutiveThe Royal Arch
About the Royal ArchProvincial Chapter ExecutiveOther Masonic BodiesLodges and Chapters
Lodge & Chapter ListMeeting DiaryLocation MapFestival 2023Charity
Cambridgeshire Masonic Benevolent AssociationMasonic Charitable FoundationNews
Featured NewsNews ArchiveEventsSocial EventsMasonic EventsCambridge Masonic HallPublications
Second RisingCambridgeshire MasonCMBA NewsletterFreemasonry Today (FMT)