https://www.familiesoffreedom.org/terms-and-conditions/
Search
About
Benefactors
FAQs
The Need
Students & Families
Families of Freedom Fund
Resources
Student Stories
News
Press Releases
For the Media
Contact
Donate
Governing Access To and Use of Sites Hosted by Scholarship America
Scholarship America websites are maintained by Scholarship America or designated third party entities as a service to students, individuals and the educational and business communities who use the Internet. Access to and use of Scholarship America Sites are subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws. These terms and conditions may be revised or updated by Scholarship America.
1. Copyright: All content in a Scholarship America Site is copyrighted. No material may be distributed, downloaded, modified, reused, reproduced, reposted, retransmitted, disseminated, sold, published, broadcast, circulated, or otherwise used except as expressly stated either in such materials or in this notice without the express written permission of Scholarship America. For permission to reproduce copyrighted materials, contact info@scholarshipamerica.org.
2. Use: The purpose of our Sites is to provide information and services related to our programs and/or services and programs administered by Scholarship America on behalf of our clients. All materials are provided solely for personal, institutional, or demonstration non-commercial use.
3. No representations: Scholarship America attempts to keep the contents of Sites accurate and current, but makes no warranties or representations in this regard. Visitors and users therefore agree that all access to and use of Sites is at the user’s sole risk. NEITHER SCHOLARSHIP AMERICA, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, NOR ANY OTHER PARTY ASSOCIATED WITH SCHOLARSHIP AMERICA SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER TO THE ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SITES OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED BY WAY OF THAT SITE, OR TO ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT HEREOF. Users and visitors specifically waive any and all claims they may have against all of the foregoing entities and individuals arising out of or relating to access to or use of this Site.
4. Notice and disclaimer: Scholarship America provides various online registrations, applications, and request forms as a convenience to its users. All users of these services do so at their sole risk and without any representations, warranties, or assurances by Scholarship America regarding the security of the information that they provide online. Scholarship America further makes no representations, warranties, or assurances that the information users supply online will be transmitted immediately or correctly to Scholarship America or will be processed in the amount of time users require to meet their needs or deadlines. By using these online services, all users expressly acknowledge and agree that they will not have or assert any claims of any kind or character against Scholarship America or its employees or agents relating in any way to their use of the service(s).
5. Trademarks: The following are trademarks of Scholarship America:Collegiate Partners®Dollars for Scholars®Scholarship America®Scholarship Management Services®Dreamkeepers®Families of Freedom Scholarship Fund®No use of any trademark listed is permitted without express written consent from Scholarship America. For more information, contact info@scholarshipamerica.org.
6. Linking to a Scholarship America Site: We are pleased you want to create a link to one or more of our Sites. We ask that you observe the following conditions.
Links pertaining to Scholarship America programs and services should point only to the URL https://scholarshipamerica.org/. This address will not change. Links to program websites, those hosted by Scholarship America for individual scholarship or educational support programs, or internal pages are made at your own discretion as addresses may change.Websites desiring to include a copy of the Scholarship America logo, or any logo representing Scholarship America programs or services, with their link should contact info@scholarshipamerica.org for relevant permissions, necessary copyright information and copies of appropriate graphics.Links shall be from sites related to the content and purpose of Scholarship America Sites, and shall be for the purpose of promoting said content to, or providing direct access for, Scholarship America
Permission is not granted to include material, including graphics and images, from a Scholarship America Site on other websites. You may only include a link directing a browser to material on Scholarship America Sites.
Scholarship America reserves the right to withdraw the permissions given herein upon determination that any or all of the above-stated conditions have not been met, or that additional circumstances lead Scholarship America to conclude, in its sole discretion, that a given link is not in accordance with the business, educational purposes, or best interests of Scholarship America.
7. Links from Scholarship America Internet Sites: Scholarship America provides links to other websites for informational purposes only. Scholarship America is not responsible for the content in other sites, and links from the Scholarship America Sites to other sites are not intended to imply endorsement of them by Scholarship America.
8. Privacy: Scholarship America recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information provided by website users. For details please see our Privacy Policy.
Back To Top