https://www.crichbaptist.org/about-us/church-policies/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Privacy and Cookies Policy | Crich Baptist Church
Home » Crich Baptist Church – About Us » Privacy and Cookies Policy | Crich Baptist Church
Introduction
We are pleased to provide this introduction to our Privacy and Cookies Policy. The very act of visiting any website will always leave a trail of information, what might be called a ‘digital footprint’. However, if all you do is click on page links to read the information that those pages contain, then the detail of your visit to that website is  generally vague and will preserve your anonymity.
Use of Cookies:
Most websites, probably all in fact, will want to make your visit to such sites easy, useful and reliable. At Crich Baptist Church we too try to make your visit to our site a pleasant experience, in the hope that you will want to visit our site again. Inevitably therefore our website uses what are called ‘cookies’. These are small text files that are automatically placed on your own computer when you browse our site. We are not alone in this, almost all websites will do the same. The only difference is that on the Crich Baptist Church website our own direct use of ‘cookies’ is very small.
We Do Not Use Cookies To:
Collect any information that will personally identify you
Collect any sensitive information
Pass anything about you to any advertising agency, or business
Pass personally identifiable information to third parties
Anonymous Website Visitor Statistics:
Along with thousands of other websites we use ‘Google Analytics’ to collect information about how visitors use our website. This involves the use of ‘cookies’ to:
Compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited the site
What type of technology they are using (e.g. Apple Mac or Windows – which helps us to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies)
How long they spend on the site
Which pages they visit
Which Internet Browsers are being used to reach our site
Whether they have reached our site from a search engine
Whether their visit is their first to our website, or whether they are a returning visitor
Which country they are in (no information is obtained that would identify the visitor)
Other Sites:
This site contains links to much good material on other church and Christian organisation websites. We have no control over the privacy/cookie policies on these websites.
SermonAudio.com:
Many of the sermons given at Crich Baptist Church are recorded on audio, and some on video. If you choose to listen to any of the MP3 audio files, or watch any of the videos hosted by SermonAudio.com, then cookies will be used to obtain non personally-identifiable information to count how many times the audio or video files have been played. SermonAudio.com have their own privacy policy which we do not control.
YouTube & Vimeo:
We may also occasionally provide access to embedded videos from Vimeo or Youtube on our website. If you choose to play any of these videos then a cookie may be set by the video host (YouTube or Vimeo), this will contain anonymous, non personally-identifiable information about the number of times that video has been played. Each of these video hosts have their own privacy policy which we do not control.
Social Networks:
If you use any of the so-called Social Networks such as Facebook or Twitter, these third party websites may set a cookie when you log on to their service. We do not control  these cookies and if you wish, you could check the Facebook or Twitter privacy policies for more information.
Printing Pages or Articles:
We currently use the facility of the service provided by Printfriendly.com to enable the printing of individual articles or pages by those who wish to do so. We have tried different programmes to do this, but so far the service/result given by PrintFriendly.com is by far the best. Once the ‘print’ request is activated by clicking on the small print icon, this results in the instruction to print being sent to the Printfriendly.com servers.  Printfriendly.com sets cookies to monitor use of this service. Users of this service during the course of printing the required page or article may also see Banner Ads over which we have no control. Should you want to check out the Printfriendly.com privacy policy then you can do so by visiting the following: http://www.printfriendly.com/privacy .
Managing Cookies:
Useful information on how to control cookies, including how to delete them in your browser settings, can be read on the website at http://www.aboutcookies.org/ . It may be worth pointing out that deleting some cookies could mean that some sites may not work correctly, or be able to provide the information you are seeking.
If you have concerns about so-called ‘spyware’, then rather than switching off the use of cookies in your browser, you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Anti-spyware may also be provided as part of any Internet Security package you use.
Acceptance of Cookies:
If the settings on the browser you are using to view this website are adjusted to accept cookies, we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you accept our Privacy Policy and the use of Cookies for the purposes we have stated.
Comments:
On some of the pages of this site we have enabled the use of forms which allow you to leave a comment. All comments are moderated, and if your comment is approved it could be seen by others who read that article. Although your name will be shown along with your actual comment, we will not reveal your e-mail address. That will remain private, but would enable us to contact you directly should a reply be necessary.
Contact Us:
Any comments, questions or requests submitted via our Contact Us form will not be visible to anyone else, and will be totally private between the sender, and ourselves at Crich Baptist Church unless the sender wishes it otherwise. We use a ‘secure’ form in order to fight spam, and to give those who correspond with us confidence in the way we appreciate and treat their submission
Usage of Information:
Apart from anything said earlier we would wish to emphasise that we at Crich Baptist Church will not divulge any personal information that is obtained by the use of this site unless we have your permission, or are by law required to do so.
Amendments to This Privacy and Cookies Policy:
Any changes to this policy will be posted on our website – www.crichbaptist.org .
Dated: 5th January 2013
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name*
Email*
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
The Bible Says "For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord; and ourselves your servants for Jesus sake. For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ"
2 Corinthians 4:5-6
We Are Here Crich Baptist Church
Market Place
Crich
Derbyshire
DE4 5DD
Maps, Directions & Public TransportHow to Find Us
SupportOur Service Schedule Sunday Worship :
10.45am and 6.00pm
Children & Young People :
Children and Young People now usually stay in the Service. Parents and helpers are welcome to take the younger ones to the Schoolroom or Foyer, should they so choose. An extension speaker is provided in the Foyer.
Tuesday :
7.45pm – Prayer Meeting
Thursday :
5.00pm – Infant Seekers Club
6.00pm – Junior Seekers Club
(Groups meet during term time)
7.45pm – Bible Study
These May Be of InterestOur Church History
Local Ministry & Outreach
Audio & Video Sermons
Home & Overseas Mission
Our Doctrinal Standard
Spurgeon’s Daily Devotional
Our Privacy & Cookies Policy