http://www.vsp.state.va.us/policy.shtm
Home >
Internet Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Quick Search Topics
About VSP
Accreditation
Affiliations
Annual Report: Facts and Figures
Contact Us
Doing Business with VSP
Freedom of Information Act
History
Office Locations
Organizational Structure
Patch Requests
Strategic and Service Area Plans
Title VI
Trooper's Pledge
Woodson Memorial Gallery
ALERTS: AMBER Alert
Missing Person(s) Alerts
Criminal Record Check
Fingerprints
Employment
Civilian Employment
Trooper Recruitment
Retirees
Volunteer Program
Firearms | Concealed Handguns
Forms & Publications
Freedom of Information
Act Requests
Law Enforcement Services
Criminal Justice Information Services Division
D.A.R.E.
STARS
Training Opportunities
Missing Children
Missing Persons
Safety Issues
Safety Tips
Vehicle Safety Inspection
Motorcycle Safety
Sex Offender Registry
Vehicle Safety Inspection
Wanted Persons
Internet Privacy Policy
The following represents practices and procedures of the Virginia Department of State Police (VSP).
VSP reserves the right to change these practices and procedures at anytime without prior notice.
The following is not intended and should not be interpreted as a contract of any nature, either stated or implied.
Individuals who visit the VSP website are important to us.
Because visitors to our website are important, the Department does not capture personal information about them without their permission.
The Department endeavors to ensure that it collects only the minimum amount of information needed to meet the purpose for which the network was created.
VSP may be required to collect personal information, such as a user's name and address, because of legal requirements or in order to provide customer services.
In doing so the Department is subject to the requirements for administering information systems as established in the Government Data Collection and Dissemination Practices Act, Chapter 38 of Title 2.2 of the Code of Virginia.
Pages that appear after you click on a link may be controlled by a different agency or entity whose practices are not under VSP control.
The Department does collect personal information directly from individuals who volunteer to subscribe to one or more of VSP's online services.
Collecting personal information is necessary in order for VSP to deliver the services requested.
Fostering and maintaining the public's trust is important to VSP.
The Department appreciates the trust and confidence that you place in it by providing requested personal information.
Use, Collection & Retention of Customer Information
For each visitor, the Department collects information about the Internet Protocol (IP) address, type of browser used, the date and time of the visit and the IP addresses of the locations to which the visitor linked during his or her visit to our website.
This information is strictly used for statistical reporting purposes.
The Department collects, retains and uses personal information about its customers, other than mentioned above, only when they volunteer to subscribe to a VSP online service.
The Department only collects, retains and uses personal information where it believes it is essential (and allowed by law) to administer our business and to provide products, services and other opportunities requested by its customers.
Use of Cookies
"Cookies" are small files either stored on a server or sent back to a visiting computer.
In certain applications user information is stored as "cookies" of the type that are then sent back and stored on the user's computer.
This information is handled in the same way as other user information obtained by VSP.
No user information is gathered through cookies except for that needed to run the specific application.
Restrictions on the Disclosure of Customer Information
The Department does not sell or rent our subscribers' information to any outside company or organization.
The Department does not reveal specific information about subscribers or other personally identifiable data to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use, except if required to do so by the Virginia Freedom of Information Act or other law.
Protection of Information Via Established Security Procedures
The Department maintains security standards and procedures regarding unauthorized access to customer information to prevent unauthorized removal or alteration of data.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
The Department has established procedures to ensure that information is as accurate and current as is practical to enable it to conduct business with you.
Although the Department strives to do things right the first time, it also responds to requests to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner.
Limiting Employee Access to Information
The Department's webmaster is instructed to limit employee access to personally identifiable information to only those employees who need access in order to perform their assigned duties.
The webmaster is instructed to enforce with its staff their responsibilities in protecting subscriber's information.
Privacy Issues Relating to the Federal Child Privacy Act
The Federal Child Privacy Act regulates a website's collection of personal information on users under 18 years of age.
Except for registrations of specific events for children, the Department does not intentionally collect such information on anyone it knows to be under 18 years of age.
If such information is inadvertently obtained, the minor's parent or legal guardian may contact VSP for a description of the specific types of personal information collected from the child and the options available to them under law to ensure their child's safety.
P3P
The Platform for Privacy Preferences Project (P3P), developed by the World Wide Web Consortium, is emerging as an industry standard providing a simple, automated way for users to gain more control over the use of personal information on websites they visit.
At its most basic level, P3Pis a standardized set of multiple-choice questions, covering all the major aspects of a website's privacy policies.
Taken together they present a clear snapshot of how a site handles personal information about its users.
P3P-enabled websites make this information available in a standard, machine-readable format.
P3P-enabled browsers can "read" this snapshot automatically and compare it to the consumer's own set of privacy preferences.
P3P enhances user control by putting privacy policies where users can find them, in a form users can understand, and most importantly, enables users to act on what they see.
The VSP website is P3P compliant.
Changes
VSP reserves the right to change this privacy policy as necessary.
Contact VSP
The Department welcomes your comments and invites you to contact us if you have any questions or concerns at:
Virginia Department of State Police
7700 Midlothian Turnpike
P.O. Box 27472
Richmond, VA 23261-7472
or
Email us (questions@vsp.virginia.gov)Accessibility Policy
Through its Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI), the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is promoting a high degree of Web access for people with disabilities.
In coordination with organizations around the world, WAI is pursuing Web accessibility through five primary areas of work:
technology, guidelines, tools, education and outreach and research and development.
To help support the WAI, DCJS is complying with W3C guidelines for Web accessibility.
Document Accessibility Notice:
Hard copy documents are available for those unable to access or view the downloadable files on this website.
Simply contact VSP by email at questions@vsp.virginia.gov, by FAX at (804) 674-8531 or by mail at:
Department of State Police
Attn:  Public Relations Office
P.O. Box 27472
Richmond, VA 23261-7472
The plug-ins used are:
Adobe Reader
(Adobe®
Acrobat® Reader™ software is required to view and print
.PDF forms.
You may download a free copy by clicking HERE.)
Apple QuickTime
Java JRE
Microsoft Excel Viewer
Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer
Microsoft Word Viewer
Windows Media Player
Disclaimer
The Virginia Department of State Police (VSP) provides links to many websites that are not controlled, maintained or regulated by VSP or any organization affiliated with VSP, and as such, VSP is not responsible for the content of those websites.
Use of information obtained from those websites is voluntary, and reliance on that information should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy.
Reference at those websites to any specific commercial product, process or service by trade name, trademark or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favoring by VSP.
Linking Policy
This website may contain hypertext links to external websites and pages containing information created and maintained by public and private organizations other than the Virginia Department of State Police (VSP).
These hypertext links may be created by VSP if it determines that establishing the external link will be consistent with assisting or furthering the purpose of this web portal, which is to significantly and diligently promote public service to citizens and businesses by:
Expanding business and citizen access to government
services and government information;
Offering an easy and convenient process for these groups
to conduct transactions with State government online;
Accelerating the development and delivery of an
increased volume of quality online government service;
Improving the level of customer service from State
government;
Extending electronic government services to citizens of
city and county government.
In addition, hypertext links may be created by VSP for informational purposes where the linked external website will provide useful and valuable information to visitors to this website, or where the linked external website is required or authorized by law.
VSP, in its sole discretion, will determine whether the external website meets the purpose of this website or for the specified informational purposes.
The inclusion of a hypertext link to an external website is not intended as an endorsement of any product or service offered or referenced on the linked website, the organizations sponsoring said website, or any views that might be expressed or referenced in the website.
Hypertext links to external websites and pages may be removed or replaced at the sole discretion of VSP at anytime without notice.
In the event you discover problems with or have concerns regarding the format, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of a linked external website, please contact the organization responsible for the linked external websites, pages or content.
Hypertext links MAY open in a new browser window.
If so, a link identification tag will warn the user and will look similar to this example: