https://www.lovelylane.org/privacy-policy/
Lovely Lane United Methodist Church – Cedar Rapids
» Privacy Policy
Building Calendar
Giving to Lovely Lane Church
Online Tuition Payments
Contact Us
Job Openings
COVID 19 POLICY
Sunday Morning Worship
10:30 am ONLINE Worship
— Main Menu —Home
About Us - Worship
- What We Believe
- Sunday School
- Our Staff
- Find Us – Map
- Our Mission and Vision
- Job Openings
Preschool/BASE - Preschool Programs
- Trinity Lane Preschool
- Before and After School Enrichment
- Summer Child Care
- Online Tuition Payments
Groups - Bible Study
- Children
- Youth
- Women
- Men
- Seniors
- Music
- Wednesday Night Program
- Adult Christian Education
- Boy Scout Troop 766
Our Missions - Green Team
- Lovely Lane Library
Resources - Newsletters
- Sermons
- Giving to Lovely Lane - - Endowments
- Weekly Announcements
- Photos and Videos - - Photos
- - Videos
- Resources for Families
- Web Links
- Policies and Forms - - COVID-19 Re-Opening Policy
- Weddings
News - From Pastor Scott
Events
Home
About Us
Worship
What We Believe
Sunday School
Our Staff
Find Us – Map
Our Mission and Vision
Job Openings
Preschool/BASE
Preschool Programs
Trinity Lane Preschool
Before and After School Enrichment
Summer Child Care
Online Tuition Payments
Groups
Bible Study
Children
Youth
Women
Men
Seniors
Music
Wednesday Night Program
Adult Christian Education
Boy Scout Troop 766
Our Missions
Green Team
Lovely Lane Library
Resources
Newsletters
Sermons
Giving to Lovely Lane
Endowments
Weekly Announcements
Photos and Videos
Photos
Videos
Resources for Families
Web Links
Policies and Forms
COVID-19 Re-Opening Policy
Weddings
News
From Pastor Scott
Events
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.lovelylane.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We use information collected in contact forms to follow up with requests from site users.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Our site uses Google Analytics and Clicky Analytics which use cookies to collect data that helps us measure traffic and provide better information for our visitors. See how Google uses the data here. See how Clicky uses the data here.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Lovely Lane United Methodist Church Lovely Lane United Methodist Church
2424 42nd St. NE
Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52402
(319) 393-6674
Lovely Lane Preschool/ BASE
2424 42nd St. NE
Cedar Rapids, IA 52402
(319) 393-8189
Trinity Lane Preschool
400 3rd Ave. SW
Cedar Rapids, IA 52404
(319) 362-2702
Search This Site
Quick LinksSermons
Newsletters
Weekly Announcements
Photos
Policies and Forms
Privacy Policy
News Categories
A Note from Home
Blue Zones
Building Renovations
Church Financial
Community News
EASTER
Health and Wholeness
Iowa Annual Conference News
Kid's Club
Lovely Lane News
News and Announcements
Pastor Kristina
Pastor Scott
Pastoral Transition
Preschool/BASE News
Uncategorized
United Methodist News
United Methodist Women's News
Volunteer Opporutunities
Youth News
©
Copyright Lovely Lane United Methodist Church.
Website by Turner Marketing Consulting