http://www.askheartbeat.com/ahb2010/privacy-policy/
Advertise With Us
About
Research
Get Love Advice
Private Advice Consultations
Submit Your Question
Privacy Policy
Contact
Us
Write for Us
Editorial Guidelines
Log In
Reset Password
Lost Password
Register
Forums
Dating Advice
Daily Advice Questions
Dating FAQs
Teen Dating FAQs
Dating Articles
Coop's Corner
Reader Submissions
Entertainment
Humor & Jokes
Romantic Poetry
Interracial Dating
What's Happening
Your Ad Could Be Here
You are here: Home » Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy for AskHeartBeat.Com
Our privacy is important to us, and we imagine that you feel the same way!
This privacy statement discloses the online privacy policies adopted by AskHeartBeat.Com’s Love and Relationships Advice web site.
This policy is effective as of May 3, 2010.
Information Collection and Use
AskHeartBeat.Com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways that differ from what is disclosed in this Statement.
AskHeartBeat.Com collects information voluntarily supplied by our users at several different points on our web site.
Registration
In order to use this web site’s message boards, comment response and advice column services, a user must first complete the associated registration forms.
During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and E-mail address).
This information is used to register and contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers such as given name, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site and meet the expectations of visitors as the site is further developed.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once per session, thereby saving time while on our site.
You have the option of turning off cookies via your web browser, and if a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.
For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our surveys. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
A few of our business partners and advertisers use cookies on our site; we have no access to or control over those cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information on anywhere but the message boards.
We do this to encourage proper use of the boards and to block the IP addresses of those breaking Federal hate crime statutes or harassment laws, or that repeatedly violate the posting polices of this web site.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. Again, this is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties.
We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
We may partner now or in the future with other parties to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for said third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Advertisers
AskHeartBeat.Com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Links
This web site contains many links to other sites. Please be aware that AskHeartBeat.Com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the AskHeartBeat.Com website.
Newsletter
Our newsletter (should we elect to publish it) is sent out approximately every 30 days.
It is of the opt-in variety.
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, personal information used for demographic reporting and advertising targeting is collected.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and mailing address), and other demographic information (such as zip code, age and educational level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-Friend/Share Services
If a user elects to use the referral service for informing a friend about our site or any of the content within, the form shall ask them for the friend’s name and E-mail address.
The friend will be sent a one-time E-mail inviting them to visit AskHeartBeat.Com.
No record is kept of this email’s contents, the recipient nor the sender.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.
When users submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and off-line.
All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our personnel. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our board monitors and administrative staff) are granted access to personally identifiable information supplied on your registration forms.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post notification of such changes on our Home page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we would notify users by way of an E-mail.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If you have any questions about the security at our web site or this Privacy Policy, please contact web site administration by sending an email to us at webadmin@NOSPAM.askheartbeat.com.
Share It!RedditTwitterFacebookPocketEmailLinkedInWhatsAppTumblrPinterest
Search This Site
Recent Posts
What’s the most trivial reason you ever heard for dumping someone?
My Husband Left Me – What Should I Do?
Talking to People I Have Nothing in Common With
What do you mean “black women have an attitude?”
Integrity – The Missing Ingredient in Black Male/Female Relationships
MsHeartBeat on YouTube
Advertise With Us Scuplt Tone Shape & Firm Your Butt
Take Our Latest Poll
If your mate cheated, would you want to know?
Other (0%, 0 Votes)
Not sure what I would do (14%, 4 Votes)
I don't want to talk about it at all - what I don't know won't hurt me (4%, 1 Votes)
I would prefer that my mate lie to protect my feelings (0%, 0 Votes)
No, I'd rather find out on my own by snooping. (0%, 0 Votes)
Yes, I'd want them to tell me the truth about everything. (82%, 23 Votes)
Total Voters: 28
Loading ...
Polls Archive
Post Archives Post Archives
Select Month
February 2019  (1)
January 2019  (1)
December 2018  (1)
May 2017  (2)
March 2017  (1)
December 2016  (1)
November 2016  (1)
August 2016  (3)
May 2016  (1)
April 2016  (1)
July 2015  (1)
May 2015  (3)
April 2015  (1)
November 2014  (1)
June 2014  (6)
May 2014  (4)
April 2014  (2)
February 2014  (2)
December 2013  (4)
November 2013  (1)
October 2013  (3)
September 2013  (2)
August 2013  (5)
June 2013  (1)
May 2013  (2)
April 2013  (7)
March 2013  (10)
February 2013  (3)
January 2013  (6)
December 2012  (3)
November 2012  (5)
October 2012  (5)
September 2012  (4)
August 2012  (5)
July 2012  (2)
June 2012  (2)
May 2012  (5)
April 2012  (2)
March 2012  (15)
February 2012  (11)
January 2012  (9)
December 2011  (11)
November 2011  (40)
October 2011  (58)
September 2011  (6)
August 2011  (7)
July 2011  (5)
June 2011  (6)
May 2011  (1)
April 2011  (2)
February 2011  (1)
June 2010  (2)
May 2010  (24)
February 2010  (1)
Books by Deborrah Cooper
©
2020 Ask HeartBeat! and Deborrah Cooper.
Social links powered by Ecreative Internet Marketing
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.