http://www.wisdomonline.org/policies
Wisdom International
Wisdom for the Heart
The Wisdom Journey
Sign In
Select Wisdom Brand
Shipping Policy
Orders are typically packaged and shipped with two business days using the United States Postal Service. We do not ship on holidays or weekends. If there is any delay in processing your order, we will notify you. Call 866-482-4253 for any questions regarding your order.
Return Policy
We hope that you are happy with your products, but if something is not right, please let us know.
We accept returns for physical products and offer a full refund within 30 days of the date of purchase, minus the shipping cost. We do not offer refunds for digital items, including items downloaded from our website, or digital files shipped on USB drives.
Please call us at 866-482-4253 before returning any item.
Our address is:
Wisdom International
2703 Jones Franklin Road, Suite 105
Cary, NC. 27518
When returning an item, include a copy of your original invoice or receipt.
Privacy Policy
Wisdom International is highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believes that the protection of those interests is one of its most significant responsibilities. In acknowledgment of its obligations Wisdom International has adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that it acquires in the course of its business:
1. Acquisition of Information. We do not acquire any more information about consumers than is required by law or is otherwise necessary to provide a high level of service efficiently and securely.
2. Our Employees and Privacy. We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs.
3. Security Measures. We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service.
4. Disclosure to Third Parties. We will provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties only if we are compelled to do so by order of a duly-empowered governmental authority, we have the express permission of the consumer, or it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
5. Privacy and Our Business Partners. When we make our technology or services available to business partners, we will not share with them any more consumer information than is necessary, and we will make every reasonable effort to assure, by contract or otherwise, that they use our technology and services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Questions.  If you have questions about this privacy policy, please send an e-mail to info@wisdomonline.org.