http://www.foodchain.org.uk/privacy/
Home
About Us
What We Do
Latest news
Our History
Future Plans
Case Studies
People in the Chain
Our Funders
CEO Monthly Diary
Latest Report and Accounts
Services
Meal Service
Grocery Deliveries
Eating Positively
Eating Together
Sunday FoodCycle Meal
How to Access Services
The Food Chain Kitchen
Nutrition & HIV
Introduction to HIV Nutrition
Managing Symptoms & Side Effects
Conditions associated with HIV and ART
Getting Extra Help
Recipes
Volunteer
Current Volunteer Vacancies (ALL ON HOLD DUE TO COVID-19)
Becoming a Volunteer
Volunteer Roles
Volunteer Members Area
Volunteering Opportunities 2020
Support Us
What Your Donation Will Achieve
Running & Challenge Events
Corporate Support
Donate Food
Using Our Kitchen
Bingo Nights
Leave a Gift in Your Will
Nourish - The Food Chain Cookbook
Install our Shopping App!
Upcoming Events
login
Login
Contact Us
T
T
Home
Privacy
Privacy
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.  We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information.
1.  INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Personal Information– which you provide in writing or by liaising with us.  This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site, filling in forms such as volunteer, donation, or referral forms, sending/posting content, requesting services, contacting us through general enquiries, completing surveys, giving feedback.
Activity Information- when you carry out activities through our Site including posting content, participating in forums and when using services through the tools offered on our Site.
Browser Information- details of your visits to our Site including traffic data, and other communication data and the resources that you access.
We will only use the information in the ways we explain in the “Use Made of the Information” section below.
2.  INFORMATION WE MAY RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES
We may receive information from a referred person's practitioner to complete an incomplete form filled in by a referred person on our Site to receive our services if the form was incomplete.  Prior to receiving any such information, we will have indicated to you what information is outstanding and we will have requested that you follow-up with your referrer who can then either send us the information directly or send it to you to be forwarded on to us.
We will only use the information in the ways we explain in the “Use Made of the Information” section below.
3. USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Primarily to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, for example:
Provision of health services
Training
Marketing, fundraising, campaigning and membership services
Monitoring, evaluation
To notify you about changes to our service.
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To comply with our legal obligations, we must maintain a record of all contributions donors make to TFC and we are required to hold personal information to administer Gift Aid declarations and Deeds of Covenant.  We only disclose the information that we are legally compelled to disclose.
For audit purposes.
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will never share your personal information with other parties, except (i) as necessary for us to deliver our services you have requested; (ii) if you voluntarily agree to permit us to share such information with third parties; or (iii) if the law permits or requires it or any regulatory or governmental body requests or requires it, in which case we will always try, to the extent permitted by law, to inform you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:
Personal information
Referrers– we will only disclose information to a referrer including any updates in relation to the services (for example whether a service request has been accepted and if so, the type of service provided and whether it is ongoing) so that the referrers understand the outcome of a referral.
Practitioner- we will only disclose and request information to a practitioner in order to request further information if the application to receive services is incomplete if you have given your prior approval.
Anonymised information
Anonymised information means that all distinctive or individually identifiable information will be removed from the relevant data.
Policy organisations and agencies– any information will be anonymised by us prior to any disclosure.  The purpose of such disclosure is to enable the policy organisations to compile statistics and advocate on behalf of people living with and affected by HIV in the UK.
Donors, volunteers and other supporters- we will produce anonymous reports to our donors and may also display anonymised data on our site and in our annual review to explain who we are and what we do.
5.  IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
We may collect information about your computer, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.  This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalised service.  In particular, they enable us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
Store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customize our Site according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our Site.
6. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this policy.
Your personal data may be processed and stored by us or by a service provider on our behalf, who is contractually bound to keep your data securely and to use it only to fulfil the services they provide to us.  The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA").  It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.  By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
7. DELETING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Once your service needs have been satisfied, your details will either be disposed of securely in line with our procedures or it will be fully anonymised, unless you have directed us to keep certain information.  For example, we will keep your email address if you have opted-in to be kept up to date with TFC's projects and activities.
8. SECURITY
As part of our information security management system, the data you provide will be subject to measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.  Anyone who has access to personal data is bound by terms of confidentiality.  Your personal information is accessed only by those who are authorised to access it while carrying out their duties.
Details relating to any transactions entered into on this website will be encrypted in transit to ensure their safety. The transmission of any information via the internet, however, is not completely secure.  Therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
9. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.  We will inform you before collecting your data if we intend to use it for such purposes.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at info@foodchain.org.uk.
10. ACCESS TO INFORMATION
You have the right to access information held about you.  Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with data protection laws.  Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
11. OUR PARTNERS
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partners, advertisers or other websites providing relevant information.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, may be notified to you by e-mail.
13. CONTACTING THE FOOD CHAIN
Questions, comments, concerns and requests regarding our Terms of Use and the Site are welcome and should be addressed to:
The Food Chain, 314-320 Gray's Inn Road, London, WC1X 8DP
Email: info@foodchain.org.uk
Tel: 020 7354 0333
Fax: 020 7359 8169
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies Policy
"I don’t have enough words of praise for The Food Chain. It gave me a helping hand that pulled me out of misery."
“In 2007 I was diagnosed as HIV positive. I’ve had a very difficult time health-wise as I had pneumonia 3...