https://www.triaylaw.com/privacy-policy/
Skip navigation.
The Triay Law Office
Email me or call: (510) 463-3165
Half-hour case analysis Consultation for $200
HomeWho We Are
Oakland probate litigation lawyer Charles Triay
Oakland probate litigation lawyer Yvette M. Davis
Probate Litigation Practice
California ProbateUndue Influence
Tortious Interference with Expectation of InheritanceUndue Influence FAQFraudulent Transfers in Undue Influence Cases
Lack of Capacity
Elder Financial AbuseContested Accountings
Forcing an AccountingBreach of Fiduciary Duty
Spousal Rights
Omitted Spouses
Mediation
Defective Trusts and Wills
Constructive TrustsContest a Trust AmendmentProving a Breach of Trust
Creditors’ ClaimsProbate FAQ
Glossary of Probate Terms
Attorney FeesVideo Library
About Our Probate Litigation Law FirmProbate Litigation OverviewContested Will and Trust Cases
BlogContact
Click here for directions
The Triay Law Office
One Kaiser Plaza
Suite 750
Oakland, CA 94612
(510) 463-3165
charles@triaylaw.com
Search for:
Search for:
Privacy Policy for Probate Litigation Law Firm Website
The materials on this website are intended for general informational purposes only and do not constitute consulting or legal advice on any matter. The Triay Law Office and our probate litigation attorneys assume no responsibility for the accuracy or timeliness of any information provided herein. Accordingly, the reader should not under any circumstances rely on or act in reliance on the materials on this website.
Any electronic communication sent to The Triay Law Office, our staff or our lawyers may not be secure and thus may be disclosed. Accordingly, we request that you do not send sensitive or confidential information electronically, including information about contested probate. In addition, the sending of electronic mail to any lawyer or other contact/address identified in the site does not create an attorney-client relationship, and the contents of any such mail are not privileged, unless the sender is a current client of The Triay Law Office and the communication is sent pursuant to that relationship.
The Triay Law Office does not transmit personally identifying information to third parties other than those providing web administration services to The Triay Law Office such as web hosting. The Triay Law Office does use aggregate information about those who access its site for the purpose of collecting marketing data and other business research. If you provide personally identifying information to The Triay Law Office via the attorney contact form, email or other communication, The Triay Law Office will not provide that information to any third parties without your permission. If you so choose, you may email us to request that The Triay Law Office delete your personal information from our records. You may also email us to request that The Triay Law Office make no future attempts to contact you, and we will only contact you if we believe we have a legal obligation to do so.
This site may contain links to websites of third parties regarding probate law, contested probate and more. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. The Triay Law Office does not control and is not responsible for any of these third party sites or their content. The Triay Law Office does not endorse these sites or the information that may be found there. If you decide to access any of these third party sites, you do so at your own risk.
Call Today (510) 463-3165
Connect with us:
Contact
Attorney Fees
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
The Triay Law Office
One Kaiser Plaza
Suite 750
Oakland, CA 94612
(510) 463-3165
Click here for directions
Triay Law Office provides probate litigation services throughout California, representing clients in San Francisco, Piedmont, Berkeley, Oakland, Fremont, and other communities throughout the Counties of Alameda, San Francisco, Contra Costa, Marin, San Mateo, and Santa Clara.
© 2003–2020 The Triay Law Office
Law Firm Marketing provided by & Attorneys Online, Inc.