https://www.dof.gov.ph/privacy-policy/
Home
ABOUT
Who We Are
Secretary’s Page
Structure & Leadership
Cluster & Agencies
Join Us
Citizen’s Charter
Transparency Seal
Bids and Procurement
Download SALN
News
DATA
Statistical Data
Economic Bulletin
Tax Effort
Consolidated Public Sector Financial
Outstanding Public Sector Debt
General Government Debt
National Government Fiscal Position
Data.gov.ph
Presentation
Pre-SONA 2020
Financing Agreements
Rice Tariffication Law Webinar
Top 500 AITR filers (2019)
Financial Stability Coordination Council
Issuances
DOF Issuances on COVID-19
Opinions on Appealed BIR Rulings
Department Orders
Department Order 2015-1958
CMTA
Agency Reports
Annual Reports
Financial Statements
GOCCs
LDF Claims Board Resolution 2018-001
Fuel Marking Program
VAT Refund
IRR of R.A 11057 or PPSA
IRR of R.A. 11371 or MKA
ADVOCACIES
Tax Watch
Sulong Pilipinas
Tax Reform
Reform Agenda
Customs ng Bayan
LGU Iskor ng Yong Bayan
PPP Program
Anti-Corruption
Legislative Agenda
Pay Your Taxes
Municipal Development Fund Office
PH-Italy Debt Swap Program
SERVICES
Application for LGU Loan
DOF-RO Manual
DOF-RO Form and Other Template
TES Lite Registration Requirement
TES Lite
TALK TO US
Privacy Policy
Statement of Policy
The Department of Finance (DOF) demonstrates firm commitment to individual’s rights to data protection and privacy.
We respect and value data privacy rights of data subjects, and ensure that all personal data collected are processed lawfully, fairly and appropriately in accordance with the confidentiality practices and applicable laws on data privacy, notably Republic Act No. 10173 or the Data Privacy Act of 2012.
Consent
By using our website or providing us your Personal Data, you will be treated as having given your permission for our collection, use, and processing of your Personal Data, and you have accepted the policies and practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not allow the collection, use, and processing of your Personal Data, kindly refrain from using our website, and/or contact us for any privacy-related concerns.
Collection and Usage
We collect personal information to enable us to deliver our services, where it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Department.
We may collect, use, and process your personal information through various sources depending on how you interact with us (online and/or offline forms, over the phone, email, etc.).
Information you provide to us:
• Personal Information.
When you complete any application form or register for specific service or query through our feedback form, we may ask you for your name, email address, telephone number, postal address, demographic information (such as age, gender, income level) and/or any personal references needed to provide access to our services.
• Information from computing device.
Any information about the computer system or other technological device that you use to access the DOF domain website and its sub-domain, such as mapping of your Internet protocol (IP) address and location, operating system version and web browser type
• DOF Websites/Social Network information.
We use data collection technologies such as cookies and google analytics to collect certain information as you navigate through and interact with our websites and social media account.
It may include information which links and pages you view or clicked on and other relevant statistical information about your interests, and other navigational data to provide content-worthy website for a better user experience.
How we use the information we collect:
• We make our services available to you, verify your identity when you log-in, and respond to your queries, requests and complaints;
• We may disclose information where the law requires us to disclose information and comply with legal, regulatory, and contractual obligations;
• We may use the collected data to communicate and process information necessary with your transactions;
• We may collect the information to conduct research and analysis to improve our customer service;
• We may use the information to perform such other processing or disclosure that may be required by the DOF.
Retention, Security and Storage of Personal Data
All collected personal data shall be retained and kept with reasonable security measures for a duration permitted by applicable laws as long as necessary to fulfill its purpose.
Privacy Inquiries, Clarifications and Concerns
For inquiries, clarifications and concerns, you may contact our DOF Data Protection Officers (DPO) at:
Jesus Nathaniel M. Gonzales
Director IV – LAO
jgonzales@dof.gov.ph
Angelica I. Sarmiento
Director IV – CMIO
asarmiento@dof.gov.ph
DOF Agencies
Bureau of Internal Revenue
Bureau of Customs
Bureau of Treasury
Bureau of Local Government Finance
Cooperative Development Authority
Insurance Commission
National Tax Research Center
Central Board of Assessment Appeal
Philippine Deposit Insurance Corporation
Philippine Guarantee Corporation
Privatization and Management Office
Securities and Exchange Commission
Resources
Open Data Portal
Official Gazette
Project NOAH
Official Calendar
Official Public Holidays
Investor Relations Office
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas
Government Procurement Policy Board
Executive
Office of the President
Office of the Vice President
Department of Education
Department of Interior and Local Government
Department of Finance
Department of Health
Department of Science and Technology
Department of Trade and Industry
Legislative
Senate of the Philippines
House of Representatives
Judiciary
Supreme Court
Court of Appeals
Sandiganbayan
Court of Tax Appeals
Judicial Bar and Council
Republic of the Philippines
All content is in the public domain unless otherwise stated.
Copyright © 2020 Department of Finance
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website you consent to our use of these cookies. For more information visit our Privacy PolicyACCEPTPrivacy Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Department of Finance
HomeABOUT
Who We AreSecretary’s PageStructure & LeadershipCluster & AgenciesJoin UsCitizen’s CharterTransparency SealBids and ProcurementDownload SALN Back
NewsDATA
Statistical DataEconomic BulletinTax EffortConsolidated Public Sector FinancialOutstanding Public Sector DebtGeneral Government DebtNational Government Fiscal PositionData.gov.phPresentationPre-SONA 2020Financing AgreementsRice Tariffication Law WebinarTop 500 AITR filers (2019)Financial Stability Coordination Council Back
Issuances
DOF Issuances on COVID-19Opinions on Appealed BIR RulingsDepartment OrdersDepartment Order 2015-1958CMTAAgency ReportsAnnual ReportsFinancial StatementsGOCCsLDF Claims Board Resolution 2018-001Fuel Marking ProgramVAT RefundIRR of R.A 11057 or PPSAIRR of R.A. 11371 or MKA Back
ADVOCACIES
Tax WatchSulong PilipinasTax ReformReform AgendaCustoms ng BayanLGU Iskor ng Yong BayanPPP ProgramAnti-CorruptionLegislative AgendaPay Your TaxesMunicipal Development Fund OfficePH-Italy Debt Swap Program Back
SERVICES
Application for LGU LoanDOF-RO ManualDOF-RO Form and Other TemplateTES Lite Registration RequirementTES Lite
TES Lite RegistrationTES Lite TrackerTES Lite Verification Back
Back
TALK TO US
× Close Panel