http://www.mestel.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who We AreOur Firm Leadership People Business Standards and Culture News and Articles
Our Recruiters ServicesLegal Recruitment Law Firm Management M & A Consulting
InsightsThought Leadership Legal Industry Snapshots
Career Opportunities Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
We respect the privacy of your information.  The Privacy Policy below has been created to ensure that the information you disclose will be kept secure and to demonstrate our commitment to protect your privacy. We will not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our Website.
The Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
When send us any communication we collect and store certain information you provide, which (depending on the circumstances) can include your name, address, practice information, telephone number, e-mail address and other personally-identifying information. We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with your resume and/or information regarding your personal and business interests, experiences and aspirations to customize our services that we provide to you.
The Way We Use Personally Identifiable Information
Your information may be viewed by recruiters at Mestel in connection with the recruiting services that are performed by our company on a day-to-day basis.  As part of those services, we may use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding potential opportunities as well as to send you administrative notices and communications relevant to your use of the site.  Moreover, we may use your personally-identifying information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as e-mail alerts and news updates. Please note that we may send you announcements or promotions via email by utilizing the email information you provide. You may opt out of these communications by stating your preference to no longer receive them in a reply email.
In addition, we may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Use.   We may also disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
The Anonymous Information We Collect
We may automatically gather general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, etc., but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, e-mail address, home address, or telephone number. We use this data in the aggregate to determine how customers are utilizing our site so we can enhance our site. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but, when doing so, we do not provide personally-identifying information. We may also use this data to help diagnose problems that may occur with our server.
Security
Personally identifiable information is stored on our database and is not publicly accessible.  All Mestel employee  are contractually obligated to ensure the confidentiality of personally identifiable information prior to being granted access. Moreover, we employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.
Please be advised that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online — for example on message boards, through e-mail or in chat areas — that information can be collected and used by others.  No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information
You may access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods. To update, correct or delete this information, you can contact us by replying to the emails sent to you or by calling our corporate office at (646) 356-0550. Moreover, you may delete or deactivate your account, but please note that should you doing so you will no longer be able to access member services.
Children Under 13
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. Our services are not specifically directed to children.   As a result, we do not collect personal data from children under the age of 13.  Upon learning that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems. In the event that a child provides us with your personally-identifying information without your permission, you may contact us to remove the information in question and opt out of promotional opportunities.
Third Party Websites
The Privacy Policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at our site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before utilizing a third party website.
Any third party resources that can be accessed with hypertext links from this site are not under our control and we are not responsible for any of these third party resources. The third party hypertext links that may be presented on this site are provided for your convenience only. The inclusion of any link on this site does not imply any recommendation, approval, or endorsement of that site by us. These links are not intended to state or imply that we or our affiliates, or associates are legally authorized to use any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the links.
Changes to Our Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it often.  Material changes to this policy will be communicated through our Website at least fifteen days in advance of its effective date. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using our Website, you consent to our collection and use of your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Go to Top