http://www.sizewise.com/privacy-policy
Current URL: /privacy-policy
Document: Normal document (NodeID: 57)
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
SIZEWISE RENTALS, L.L.C.
Number: P-L00-005 rev.2
Effective Date:  July 1, 2020
Last reviewed on:  July 1, 2020
To see what has changed click here
Sizewise Rentals, L.L.C. (“Sizewise”, ”Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.  This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online at www.sizewise.com and stat.sizewise.com or directly by representatives of Sizewise.  This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.sizewise.com or stat.sizewise.com (collectively, our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.  For your convenience, our Website may contain links to other sites. Sizewise is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 on our Website. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@sizewise.com.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time see Changes to Our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
APPLICABILITY OF HIPAA NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES AND/OR BUSINESS ASSOCIATE AGREEMENT
This Privacy Policy applies to information you submit, or that we gather, about yourself or your company when you register as a user and use the Website.  In the process of using the Website to order products from us, you may also submit information to us that consists of Protected Health Information ("PHI") concerning you or others as defined in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic Clinical Health Act, Title XIII of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111-005), and the rules, guidance and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time (collectively, "HIPAA").
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
This Privacy Policy will not apply to PHI.  Our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will apply to any PHI submitted to us by you via the Website.
Business Associate Agreement
In the event that you are, or are acting on behalf of, a Covered Entity as defined in HIPAA ("Covered Entity") that has executed a Business Associate Agreement with Sizewise, the terms of that Business Associate Agreement shall prevail over any conflicting terms of this Privacy Policy with respect to any PHI supplied by you to us via the Website.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IS COLLECTED FROM ME?
Sizewise collects information in several ways from different parts of our Website. Some personal information is gathered at the time you register or are registered. During registration, Sizewise may require a unique username, private password, and a valid email address. We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, and experience with the services we provide, and contact preferences. Wherever Sizewise collects personal information, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW ARE THEY USED?
Sizewise may place Internet cookies on your hard drive. Internet cookies are small files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are used to (a) remind us of who you are in order to deliver you better service; (b) estimate our audience size by determining repeat usage of the Website to help target advertisements based on user interests and behavior; (c) track your progress and entries in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests; and (d) measure certain traffic patterns for use as a research tool to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. By not accepting cookies, some webpages may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information.
Sizewise may collect IP addresses (the Internet address of a computer) as part of a user's session information. We analyze this data for certain trends in statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. We do not link your IP addresses to anything personally identifiable to you.
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise Sizewise across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network. AdWords remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the Sizewise website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser. This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device. The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that this person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page. Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
If you do not wish to see ads from Sizewise you can opt out in several ways:
1. Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
2. Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes user data such as browser and computer settings like screen resolution, operating system and cookies that track whether a user is a returning visitor to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on the user’s activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. The data collected by Google Analytics does not contain any information that personally identifies you. Click here to review the Google privacy policy.
You can also learn more about this technology and how to opt-out of this feature by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
WHO IS COLLECTING MY INFORMATION?
When you are on our Website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Sizewise alone, unless specifically stated otherwise.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide with other Sizewise agents, contractors, our business partners  registered with Sizewise for the purposes of performing services for Sizewise and our clients. Sizewise may share aggregated data with others. Aggregated data does not include personally identifiable information.
Except in the case of the Google AdWords remarketing program described above, Sizewise does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies. Sizewise is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of all our users.
Sizewise may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Sizewise’s Terms of Use or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Sizewise’s rights or property, other Sizewise users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Sizewise may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
Your Nevada Privacy Rights:
Nevada law (SB 220), permits customers in Nevada to opt-out of the sale of certain kinds of personal information. A sale under Nevada law is the transfer of this personal information to third parties for monetary consideration so these third parties can then re-sell or license the sold information. Sizewise does not sell your personal information to third parties as defined in Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to opt-out of the sale of your personal information should we change our practices in the future, you must send a request by e-mail at privacy@sizewise.com.  Make sure to state that you are a Nevada resident.
Your California Privacy Rights:
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send an email to or write us: privacy@sizewise.com or you may contact us via regular mail at:
Sizewise Rentals, LLC
Attn: Privacy Policy
8601 Monrovia
Lenexa, KS 66215
Make sure to state that you are a California Resident.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers.  While the United States Federal Trade Commission has endorsed DNT, our Website does not support DNT codes.  However, except in the case of analytics cookies, remarketing and other features of Google Display Advertising described above, our Website limits tracking to the internal uses described above.  Except in the case of analytics cookies, remarketing and other features of Google Display Advertising described above, our Website does not track your use across multiple websites, however, other websites to which we link may.  Please review their privacy policies to understand how you may be tracked.
California Consumer Privacy Act
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained above in our general privacy policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Your Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") grants State of California residents the following rights, to:
Know what personal information is being collected about them;
Know whether their personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom;
Say no to the sale of their personal information;
Access their personal information;
Have their personal information deleted; and
Have the right to equal service and price, even if they exercise their privacy rights under this law.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies you, your household or your device or is reasonably capable of being connected with or linked to you, your household, or your device ("Personal Information"). Personal information does not include public information available from government records, de-identified or aggregated information or information that is protected by certain laws such as HIPAA for health related information and the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (GLBA) for certain financial information.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers
First and last name
Email address
Unique username
Private password
Mailing address
Phone number
Contact preferences
Health care facility and department
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
Date of birth
Social security number
Marital status
Fax number
Personal Information Listed in the California Customer Records Statute
The above identifiers
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Demographics
Commercial Information
Transaction information
Personal or professional interests
Experiences with the products and services we provide
Warranty information
Survey responses
Height and weight
Biometric Information
Not collected
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Cookies
Domain name
Browser type
Operating system
Usage data
Server logs
IP Address
Geolocation Data
Information that tells us from where you access our Website
Sensory Data
Not collected
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Not collected
Non-public Education Information
Not collected
Inferences Drawn from Other Personal Information
Preferences for Sizewise products of interest to you
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We collect information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you.  For example when you use the Contact form, login as a guest or use our Sizewise Stat! portal.
Indirectly from you.  For example, IP Address, browser and operating system are gathered when you access the Website.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We share information in each of the above categories as follows:
All categories of information
We will share information in all of the above categories if our company is sold or we engage in a merger or other such transaction.
We will share information in all of the above categories of information in connection with a law enforcement request that is compliant with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Identifiers
We share identifiers with service providers who use that information only to provide services to us such as website development and operating, sending postal mail or email, communicating with you about offers from Sizewise, analyzing website use, job applications, processing orders, invoices, payments, and processing data.
Personal Information Listed in the California Customer Records Statute
We share this information with service providers for payment services, payment processing and financing services.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
We share this information with our data analytics providers
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
See "How We Use and Disclose Your Information" above to learn how we use your information. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
How We Retain and Store Your Personal Information
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which we collected it and to comply with applicable laws.  We use reasonable security precautions to protect your information while in storage.
Requests to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
•The categories of personal information we collected about you.
•The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
•Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
•The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
•The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
•If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
•sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
•disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Requests to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
1.            Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise performing our contract with you.  This includes fulfilling a shipping transaction or request, processing an overcharge claim, and processing a cargo claim.
2.            Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
3.            Debug online services to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4.            Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
5.            Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
6.            Comply with a legal obligation.
7.            Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
How To Submit a Request to Know or a Request to Delete
To request this information please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
•Calling us at 1-800-814-9389 or
•Emailing us at privacy@sizewise.com  and asking for a Consumer Request Form
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, email us at privacy@sizewise.com and we will provide you with a form to make a designated agent request.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. To make a request, you must:
If you have a Sizewise Stat! account:
Log into your Sizewise Stat! account and use our authentication process to verify your identity.
Complete and submit the CCPA Consumer Request Form (if a form is not yet available when you log in, email us and we will provide you with a form)
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate and respond to it.
If you login as a guest:
Call or email us to receive a CCPA Consumer Request Form
Complete the CCPA Consumer Request Form
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or that you are an authorized representative
If you request the categories of information we collect, we require your first and last name and your email address.
If you request the specific information or to have your information deleted, we require your first and last name, email address and information about your two most recent transactions with us.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We will try to respond to your request within forty-five (45) days of when we receive it. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
An amendment to the CCPA provides an exemption to the Right to Know and Right to Delete for personal information between a business and a person who is acting as an employee, director, officer, or contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietorship, nonprofit, or government where the information is used in the context of a business transaction.  This exemption is currently set to expire on January 1, 2021.  Until that date, we will not respond to requests to know or delete that meet this exemption.
How To Submit an Opt-Out Request
We do not sell your information to third parties for money.  We do provide your information to third parties for marketing purposes as described above and you may opt-out of that sharing.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:
Do Not Sell My Info
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sharing with third parties. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sharing with third parties at any time by:
Opt In Form/Instructions
We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.  We will act upon your opt-out request within 15 days of receipt.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
by email: privacy@sizewise.com               or phone: 1-800-814-9389            or by mail to:
Sizewise Rentals, LLC
Attn: Privacy Policy
8601 Monrovia St.
Lenexa, KS 66215
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Last updated: July 1, 2020
In connection with changes to state laws regarding data privacy and the collection, use, and sharing of such data, the policy was updated to reformat and organize the information in a more clear format showing what information is collection, how the information is used and disclosed, and how you may contact us regarding use of your information with specifics for Nevada and California residents. The policy was also updated to specific state that the Website is not intended for children.  This brief summary should not affect your interpretation of it. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully.  Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.
BEIntegrations=true