http://www.idea.int/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Home /
Privacy Policy
SHARE
Introduction
Welcome to International IDEA’s site. For details of who we are, please see About Us.
This policy (together with the Cookie Policy) explains how we will use any personal information we collect from you when you use this site. By using this site you are agreeing to our use of your personal information as described.
What information we collect about you and what we use it for
We collect personal information from you when you:
use some of our Data, or Tools
If you request such a resource, we collect personal information such as your name and e-mail address
We use this to make the requested resource available to you
sign up to our newsletter
If you choose to sign up to our newsletter, we collect your name and e-mail address.
We use this to send you the newsletter
request a print copy of a publication
If you order a print copy of a publication, we collect personal information, including your name, telephone number and address.
We use this information in order to fulfil your order
provide us with feedback
If you provide feedback to us by using the Submit Feedback form, we collect your name and e-mail address, including any other personal information that you disclose to us.
We use this information to improve the site and the resources we offer and may publish your feedback on an anonymous basis
register to attend an event
If you register to attend an event, we collect personal information, including your name and e-mail address.
We use this information to invite you to the event and provide other related information to you
register to be notified of vacancies or to apply for a role
If you choose to be notified of vacancies at International IDEA or to apply for a role you will have to upload your CV to the site and possibly at a later date, update it. The personal information we collect includes your name, date of birth, gender and any other personal information that you disclose in your CV
We use this information to either notify you of suitable vacancies or to consider your application for a vacancy
submit tenders
If you choose to submit a tender to us, we collect any personal information you disclose to us in your submission
We only use the personal information (to the extent relevant) to consider your submission.
Cookies
We use ‘cookies’ to collect the information about how you use the site. Cookies are small data files which gather information about your use of the site and help us to provide you with a good experience. Please see our Cookie Policy if you would like detailed information on the types of cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them, how you can disable and enable the use of certain cookies and the consequences of doing so.
Who do we share your information with?
We do not sell or rent your personal information. We may, however, disclose information about you to the following, for the express purposes set out below, if:
you use certain of our Data or Tools
to our employees, agents and third party hosters of those resources
you sign up to our newsletter
to our employees and agents for them to send you our newsletter
you submit a review
to our employees and agents for them to improve our services. If we post a review to our site, we will not disclose your name or e-mail address
you decide to order a print copy of a publication
to our employees and agents for them to process and where possible complete your order
you register to attend an event
to our employees and third parties that may be hosting the event
you register to receive information on vacancies with International IDEA
to our employees and agents for them to provide you with information on vacancies in the category(ies) you have chosen
you apply for a vacancy
to our employees and agents for them to assess your application
there is a transfer of business
if ownership or operational control of all or part of the site is transferred, for whatever reason, we may disclose your personal information to the transferee
for legal or regulatory requirements
if we are required to comply with any applicable law or valid legal process or if we have to enforce our Terms, we may disclose your personal information for those purposes
If we do give your information to the third parties set out above, we will always require they they use your information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Aggregated statistics data
We may share non-personal aggregated statistics data about visitors to the site with third parties and download and traffic patterns with our publishing partners and other third parties. Just to be clear, this information does not identify users in any personal capacity; it just gives generalized information about the users of the site.
How long do we keep your information?
We only keep your information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which we collected the data.
Where do we transfer your information?
We may transfer your information to, or store it in, countries located outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) which do not have as developed data protection laws. For example, if you are applying for a vacancy in one of International IDEA’s offices outside Sweden, the information you have provided will be shared with the hiring managers and the staff members in the selection panel for the vacancy in that country.
Please do not send us your information if you do not want it to be transferred to or stored outside the EEA. By providing your information to us you agree and consent to us transferring to, and storing your information at, a destination outside the EEA.
How do we keep your information secure?
As required by Swedish Data Protection laws, including the Personal Data Act (1998:204), we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given to us, to prevent unauthorized access. In particular, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encode your personal information. SSL encrypts your contact details as it travels through the Internet.
Despite using this technology, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you disclose to us. You accept the inherent risks of providing information and dealing on-line and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
If you have any concerns about security, please email us at info@idea.int.
Your rights
We want to make sure that your personal information and your choices are accurate and up to date.
Newsletters
If you no longer wish to receive newsletters, either contact us at info@idea.int asking to unsubscribe or click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each of our newsletters.
Updating your details
If you wish to update your CV, log in to the Careers section and follow the instructions.
If you wish to update any other information we hold for you, e.g. your e-mail address to receive newsletters or an address for delivery of a print publication, please login to your profile and make the necessary changes or contact us at info@idea.int.
Your personal data
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, whether collected through your use of this site or through any communications that you have had with us. You will need to provide us with a written signed request (e-mails are not accepted). We will provide this information free of charge for one request per calendar year. If you require more frequent copies of your information, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable administrative fee to cover our costs for providing this information. If you have any queries about your right or wish to make such a request, please contact us by post addressed to the Head of Communications, International IDEA, Strömsborg SE-103 34 Stockholm, Sweden and we will do our best to resolve these within a reasonable time.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about how we have used your information, you have the right to complain to the Swedish Data Protection Authority.
General
Changes
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by sending you an email with the modified terms or by posting a copy of them on the site. Any changes will take effect immediately after the date of our email or the date on which we post the changed policy on the site, whichever is the earlier. Your continued use of the site after that period expires means that you agree to be bound by the changed policy.
How to contact us
We welcome questions, comments or requests concerning this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at info@idea.int.
Contact us
This site is owned and operated by International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance (International IDEA).
International IDEA
Strömsborg
SE-103 34 Stockholm
Sweden
E-mail: info@idea.int.
Our registered company number is 9020000098 (registered as an organization in Sweden).
Posted: 20 November 2016
© 2020 International IDEA. All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Sitemap