http://www.saltshakers.com/main/info/privacy-policy
Saltshakers
Kesherweb
The TEACHING section of the website, with a particular emphasis on the connections between the Church and its true Hebraic roots. Here you will find sound Biblical teaching, whether text, audio or video. All published content has been selected and approved by our editorial staff.
Featured content has been selected by our editors as being especially important and timely. There are also library collections that are added to on a regular basis.
Registered users have the facility to create their own blog content, on the understanding that it adheres to our policy regarding content, style and readability. All content will need to be approved by our moderators before being published and selected blog posts will be considered for promotion on the home page.
Registered users will also be able to comment on blog posts and articles, with the understanding that all comments will need to be approved by our moderators before publication.
Kesherweb
Articles
Keyword search
Library collections
Online books
Regular columns
Prayer
Foundations
The EVENTS section of the website, featuring our annual Foundations conference. Foundations ground-breaking conferences have been run since January 2012. Always different, always challenging, always relevant, always fun, this is the place to meet with like-minded people. Foundations 10 will be run on October 29th – November 2nd 2018. We also feature other events taking place throughout the country. The latest events are shown here on the right hand side. All events have been selected by our editors as being consistent with our doctrinal statement and we reserve the right to reject submissions if they are not considered relevant to us.
Saffron Planet
The AUDIO/VIDEO section of our website, focussing mainly on material we create ourselves with our Saffron Planet web radio ministry. This explores areas rarely reached by terrestrial broadcasters and is particularly popular with a younger audience or those new to the faith. Listen to Steve and his ever-changing gang as they sit around the dining table and chat about things that really matter.
SP Publishing
The RESOURCE/BOOKSHOP section of our website, currently focussing on the books of Steve Maltz, the best writer the Church hasn't heard of! You will also find Bibles, DVDs, booklets, audio downloads and study courses.
Livin' the Life
Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life. (1 John 5:12)
A simple faith in the risen Jesus has become a multi-faceted worldwide organisation, with structures and hierarchies and thousands of different expressions and textures. It is surely not too late to re-evaluate everything we think and do in the name of our Jewish Messiah. This book shows us that there can be another way to live THE LIFE … for those with an open mind and a teachable spirit.
Using tools developed over the last few years in a series of ground-breaking books, the author re-examines a wide spectrum of what we think and how we act as followers of Jesus Christ. To move forwards in our faith, we really need to go back to the very beginning …
240 pages         ISBN 978-0-9931910-5-3
Here's an excerpt from a review by Chris Hill:
“It isn’t often these days that I spring to my feet while reading a Christian book and shout, “Praise the `Lord!”, but LIVIN’ THE LIFE has had me up and shouting more than once! Steve Maltz has written this book at the top of his game. All of it is good, some parts are quite brilliant and packed with revelation. The Lord really spoke to me and reached parts that other books have never reached. That’s some claim. Scriptural, lively, amusing and extremely penetrating,  CLICK HERE FOR MORE REVIEWS
CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FRONT AND BACK COVER
CLICK HERE FOR CONTENTS OF BOOK
CLICK HERE FOR THE PREFACE
CLICK HERE FOR THE INTRODUCTION
CLICK HERE TO ORDER BOOK
Latest publications
Livin' the Life
Hebraic Church
Hebraic Church
Hope
For Whatever Reason
A Question No One Dares to Ask
The Jesus Mindset
ONE NEW MAN BIBLE (Leather)
Bread
Blood
About us
The community website for all who are keen to explore the connections between the Church and its true Hebraic roots, with sound Biblical teaching. With audio and video content, timely news and feature articles, event listings and much more.
We at Saltshakers do not necessarily endorse every opinion expressed in the material published in these websites or linked to from this site. We do this in the spirit of honouring those of differing opinions and open discussion as a core value of doing church 'Hebraically'
You can interact with us in two ways (or even both of them)
You can register with us and gain extra benefits, such as the ability to blog, write comments, communicate on our forum and book up for our Foundations conference.
Everything is free to use on this website, but there are costs incurred. You may want to contribute financially by clicking here.
To the right are links to a number of sites sharing a common framework with the Saltshakers family of websites, integrated yet uniquely individual.
Associated sites
The Tree of Life FellowshipBible Studies on a WordSword MagazineC L Ministries
Search
Search form
Search
Enter keyword above or use:-
Advanced search
Login
You are hereHome » Privacy policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
• information relating to purchases of books and any other materials that Saffron Planet Publications may choose to sell.
We will not pass your details to any other person or corporation, except as may be required by the Laws of England and/or in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
Policy amendments We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your rights You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00).
Third party websites The website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating information Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
About us
Cookies
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Site membership
Articles
Keyword search
Library collections
Online books
Regular columns
Prayer
Foundations conferences
Map of events
Search events
Map of congregations
Useful websites
Cart
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Copyright © 2020, Saltshakers
By using this site, you agree we can set and use cookies. For more details of these cookies and how to disable them, see our cookie policy
Original design by
Zymphonies