http://www.qdros.com/about/privacy-policy.html
Get Started
Submit Here
Toggle navigation
About Us
QDRO Consultants Difference
Mission & Values
History
Community Outreach
Careers
Services
QDRO
QMCSO/NMSN
Get Started
Submit Here
QDRO Consultants Privacy Policy
Your privacy and the security of your information are important to us. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you navigate this website. Keep in mind that this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collected
We may automatically record your IP address and use it to help diagnose problems with our server, administer and improve our website, and gather broad demographic information about users of our website. Additionally, we may use your information to personalize your experience, to analyze usage, to respond to inquiries from you, and for other uses we may determine from time to time.
QDRO Consultants does not collect any personally identifiable information from you (e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) unless you voluntarily disclose such information to us, including information submitted or disclosed by mail, telephone, fax, or electronically.
We do not direct our website to children. Individuals under eighteen (18) should consult with their parent or guardian about the use of this web site.
Sharing Information
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about our services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We may share your personal information with third parties that perform data services (e.g. maintenance, backup, analysis, etc.) on our behalf. Any such third parties will be under an obligation to us to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information.
Cookies
"Cookies" are an industry standard practice of placing a file or identifying "marker" on a user's computer for identification and personalization purposes. Our website may use cookies. We may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, analyze how visitors interact with our website, and for other purposes. You are not required to accept cookies. However, certain functionality of our website may not work properly -- if at all -- should you reject cookies.
Third Parties
This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of such websites. To the extent that you disclose personal information to other web sites, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of those other sites. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose any personal information.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Legally Required Disclosures
We may be required, by applicable law, subpoena, court order or other legal process to disclose your personally identifiable information, and it is our policy to comply with any such requirements.
Modifications
This policy may change periodically, so please check back from time to time. The Privacy Policy was last updated on December 14, 2016.
Questions about the Privacy Policy
Privacy and security is important to us all. We pursue a full-disclosure approach to responsibly care for the information you have entrusted with us, and we depend on information sharing as our principal means to best serve you. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of this web site, or if you would like to provide comments, please send us an e-mail using our Contact Us form. You may also contact us by telephone at 800.527.8481 or by regular mail at:
QDRO Consultants
Attention: Legal Compliance
3071 Pearl Road
Medina, OH 44256
About Us
QDRO Consultants Difference
Mission & Values
History
Community Outreach
Careers