http://www.shiamatch.com/privacy.php
Login
Your ID:
Password:
forgot password
Search
View all male profiles
View all female profiles
Search by criteria
Find Profile ID
Options
Forgot ID or Password?
Membership Fees
Info
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About ShiaMatch.com and the Information We Collect
ShiaMatch.com is an online matchmaking service designed to provide an easy way for our members to meet others looking for a soul-mate. Once members create their own unique profile, the public may view all of their profile except the name and contact information. Members may exchange name and contact information only after expressing consent by initiating a request by BOTH parties. Until both parties initiate a request, contact information is kept private.
Information Collected/Tracked by ShiaMatch.com
There are two types of information we collect that users submit: public and private. We define private information to be any information that allows others to contact a user other than through ShiaMatch.com or allows the collection of information about the user other than what is displayed on the site. Public information is personal information that may be displayed on the site, such as gender, age and height, but cannot be linked to a particular user.
PRIVATE:
This information is gathered from members. This information includes, but is not limited to, email address, IP address, first name, and last name.
PUBLIC:
To accomplish our goal of bringing compatible people together, we must gather personal information such as gender, age, ethnic background, appearance, and more. This information is meant to be seen by members and visitors to the site but cannot be used to identify a specific member by name, address, etc.
Information that users do not submit to us
AGGREGATE: This is information we collect that is not personally identifiable, such as browser type and IP address. This information is gathered for all visitors to the site.
Use of Information Obtained by ShiaMatch.com
Information that users submit to us
PRIVATE:
Email addresses submitted by members are used by us when forwarding anonymous emails. Respondees' email addresses are not disclosed to the responder except in the case of a two way request. We may use a user's email address to send news regarding our site. Email addresses may also be used in private correspondence with the user for customer service issues. All other private information submitted by the user is confidential and will not be disclosed except as required by law or to protect members of ShiaMatch.com. All private information can be updated or deleted by the user at any time.
Sharing of the Obtained by ShiaMatch.com
We do not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any of your private information without your permission unless required by law or for the protection of your membership.
Links
Our site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that once you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website and our privacy policy no longer applies.
© Shiamatch.com | Successful match making since 1999