http://www.reallegal.com/en/forms/contact-sales-reallegal
Home
Products
RealLegal
RealLegal
The complete resource for court reporters
Contact sales
Overview
Overview
Features
Plans
Transcript management technology for the court reporting industry
RealLegal transcript management tools fit into the unique workflow of the litigation process. The result is greater efficiency and security, lower costs, and more opportunity for real growth.
Useful links
Sign in to RealLegal
Support and training
Questions? Call 1-888-728-7677
The benchmark for electronic transcripts
Produce secure, custom-formatted, signed transcripts
RealLegal E-Transcript technology is the benchmark for electronic transcripts and the standard delivery service format for litigators nationwide.  E-Transcripts ensure page and line integrity, allow for customer formatting, and offer the security of a tamperproof, electronic signature.
RealLegal includes these great products
E-Transcript
RealLegal E-Transcript technology is the benchmark for electronic transcripts and the standard delivery service format for litigators nationwide.
Learn more
West Publisher
Combine all transcripts, exhibits, and video into a single bundle for clients
Learn more
LiveNote Stream
Realtime legal deposition software in audio, video, and text
Learn more
Case Notebook
A centrally accessible and searchable litigation case management software that helps you organize, analyze, and share essential case information
Learn more
E-Transcript
E-Transcript files ensure page and line integrity, allow for custom formatting, and offer the security of a tamperproof, electronic signature. E-Transcript Reporter Edition and E-Transcript Manager are included in every RealLegal Workflow and RealLegal Enterprise subscription.
Leverage the standard delivery format for litigators nationwide
Automatic word index allows for quick and easy review of transcripts, so you spend less time searching. E-Transcript utilizes a free viewer but is also compatible with Case Notebook and LiveNote.
E-Transcript Manager provides a central dashboard for agency production staff to manage multiple reporters, transcripts, and jobs. The application enables production staff to:
Automatically receive digitally signed transcript files from reporters in the field or directly import transcripts
Easily standardize and tailor transcript appearance (such as font styles and cover pages)
Easily build a hyperlinked word index for clients to quickly locate relevant testimony
Protect the transcript with lockout codes and passwords
Apply a tamper-proof E-Transcript Signature for no additional charge
E-Transcript Reporter Edition creates a virtual pipeline between a court reporter's computer and the agency's production queue. The application enables reporters to:
Import ASCII files
Apply a tamper-proof E-Transcript Signature
Send the edited transcript and turn-in sheet directly to the agency's E-Transcript Manager
Avoid unnecessary courier fees, rushed visits to the agency, and the risk of losing files in email
Unlimited installations
Save time and increase efficiency by eliminating multiple steps for the agency production department
West Publisher
What is West Publisher?
A bundle from West Publisher works for every firm. The majority of top US law firms use LiveNote or Case Notebook software to manage transcripts. Publisher ensures compatibility with these firms, and their clients whether using the free E-Transcript bundle viewer or Case Management software.
04:45
West Publisher can save bundles in several formats
.PTZ file
This format imports directly into LiveNote or Case Notebook software. Once imported, all documents in the PTZ file (transcripts, documents, links, and video synchronization data) are available to be viewed, annotated, and added to legal documents.
Various legacy formats
Some clients may request the bundle in a format that works with other proprietary products. These formats include a LiveNote LEF file, a Summation SBF, a Sanction MDB, or a Sanction Case MDB.
E-Transcript Bundle Disk
This option includes the free E-Transcript Bundle Viewer to display the transcripts, exhibits, links, and video. When the disc is inserted into a computer, the bundle automatically opens in the free viewing software and everything in the bundle can be viewed and saved.
PDF bundle
Once a document is complete, there is an option for PDF bundling.
West Publisher is included in every RealLegal MultiMedia subscription
Streamlined
interface and functionality
Secure
File types and systems
Simple
viewer for everything
Flexible
formats and compatibility
Automatic
hyperlinks to exhibit names and references
LiveNote Stream
Broadcast live court transcript text and deposition video
LiveNote Stream is deposition software that lets you broadcast the audio, video, and text of a deposition securely and in realtime to all members of your litigation team anywhere in the world where there is Internet access. Full integration with Case Notebook gives you a comprehensive solution to manage your legal cases and litigation efforts.
06:24
Learn more
Case Notebook
04:22
Organize, analyze, and share key case documents with greater efficiency
Case Notebook is a centrally accessible and searchable litigation case management software that helps you organize, analyze, and share essential case information.
Learn more
Get the plan that works for you
Thomson Reuters RealLegal offers plans that work for every organization. Contact our sales team for a consultation, demo, and price.
Contact sales
RealLegal Unlimited Workflow™
Unlimited use of E-Transcript Manager™ software on one workstation
Unlimited supply of E-Transcript Signatures™
Unlimited installations of E-Transcript Reporter Edition™
Orientation training with Customer Relationship Manager
Sales and marketing materials to help you promote your business
24/7 access to on-demand training videos and product user guides
Customer Relationship Manager contact for all your RealLegal questions
Unlimited technical support during normal business hours
All upgrades and maintenance releases
RealLegal Unlimited Multimedia™
Unlimited use of the RealLegal Publisher™ bundling module on one workstation
Use of the RealLegal MediaSync™
OCR (optical character recognition) included in Publisher
Option to purchase sync hours "a la carte"
Unlimited use of E-Transcript Manager™ software on one workstation
Unlimited supply of E-Transcript Signatures™
Unlimited installations of E-Transcript Reporter Edition™
Orientation training with Customer Relationship Manager
Sales and marketing materials to help you promote your business
24/7 access to on-demand training videos and product user guides
Customer Relationship Manager contact for all your RealLegal questions
Unlimited technical support during normal business hours
All upgrades and maintenance releases
Ready to get started with RealLegal?
Contact us today and get ready to improve your efficiency and lower your costs
Contact sales