https://www.ploughshares.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Email newsletter policy
Typically, subscribers to our email newsletter receive two emails a month, except in June and December when we typically send four. We send our email newsletter on the basis of the recipient's consent. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter with the link at the bottom of any email you receive. You may also unsubscribe by sending an email to us with your request to be unsubscribed or even "forgotten," meaning dropped from our database. Sign up here to receive our email newsletter, with news and information from experts on what you can do to promote peace and security worldwide.
Learn more about our work bringing inclusive security perspectives to the problem of nuclear weapons. Sign up today to get informed. Signing up is the best way to begin to contribute to peace and security around the most dangerous weapons ever devised, until they are eventually eliminated.
Opt In
Sign up
Donor privacy policy
Ploughshares Fund will not share or sell a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Online privacy policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or email address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party services on our websites. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 12/2/2020.
Email newsletter policy was added 5/27/2018.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us here.
shareFacebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Print