http://www.bethinking.org/site-policy
What have you been thinking about?
Bethinking.org is brought to you by the Universities and Colleges Christian Fellowship (UCCF). UCCF is a Registered Charity number 306137 (England & Wales) and SC038499 (Scotland) and a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales No. 387932. Our Registered Office is Blue Boar House, 5 Blue Boar Street, Oxford, OX1 4EE.
Throughout the rest of this document, the terms ‘Bethinking’, ‘bethinking.org’, ‘UCCF’, ‘us’ and ‘we’ refer to the entity described above. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of this website.
The Site Policy governs UCCF’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the Site Policy. If you disagree with any part of the Site Policy, please do not use our website.
Copyright
This website is copyright © UCCF: The Christian Unions 2013. All rights reserved.
Conditions of Use
All rights to the material (text, images, audio or video) on bethinking.org are reserved. Reproduction of any such material in any form whatsoever without written permission from Bethinking or the copyright holder is strictly prohibited. This includes publication to any other form of media, to other web locations for retrieval or mirroring at other sites. See below for how to seek permission.
Permission to Reproduce Resources
Copyright on many of the resources on bethinking.org belongs to various third-party organisations and individuals who will need to grant permission for any re-use of their material. For permission to reproduce resources viewed on bethinking.org, please contact the copyright holder shown at the bottom of each resource or bethinking.org if no other copyright information is given. You will need to specify exactly what you wish to reproduce or reprint with as much information as you can (purpose, number of copies, website or other media, any charges to be made, etc.). To request permission to reproduce materials for which from bethinking.org owns the copyright, please contact us.
If you believe that material located on or linked to by bethinking.org violates your copyright, please contact us with the appropriate details. Bethinking will respond to all such notifications and will remove any content or links, as required.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to UCCF - this privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
Users of bethinking.org are not associated with any personal data during normal viewing of the website.
Please note that our web server logs access to the website from your IP address. This data is not used to identify you personally and the logs are destroyed after four weeks. The contents of the logs may be aggregated and kept for statistical purposes, but your IP address is not retained.
You may choose to give us some personal information by completing an online form. The information we hold and the way in which we intend to use it will be made clear by the nature of the form submitted, and more details can be found below.
Bethinking Email
If you sign up to the Bethinking email, we will pass your name and email address to a service called Mailchimp. Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by Mailchimp Inc.
The email we send to you through Mailchimp includes technology that allows them to collect information such as when you open the email, whether you click a link within it, your IP address and other similar details. This information is used to compile reports on the effectiveness of our emails which we may review and act on.
Mailchimp promises to store your details securely and not to share your details with any other party except where required by law. You might want to read their privacy policy on the Mailchimp website.
Email Forms
If you complete the ‘contact us’ form or ‘send comments’ form, an email will be generated and sent to us. This contains your name, email address and message, as captured by the form. We will use the details to respond appropriately. We also capture and send some technical details to help us identify and correct any problems with the website.
If you complete the ‘Send to a Friend’ form, an email will be generated and sent to your friend, and a copy sent to us. This contains your name and email address, as captured by the form.
In both cases, the data collected to generate the email is also logged in our website database for the purposes of monitoring, backup and prevention of misuse. We also use a session cookie to keep a count of the number of emails sent to prevent misuse – see the ‘cookies’ section below.
Third parties
UCCF will not pass on your personal information to any other person or organisation except in direct connection to the reason you provided it to us, where you have given express permission, or when we are obliged to by law.
Storing your data
The data that we hold, as described above, is stored securely and access to it is restricted and limited to those that need it. We don’t store personal information for longer than we need to.
Access to and correction of your personal information
You have a right to know about the personal information UCCF holds about you. You also have a right to have your data corrected or deleted if it is being held inappropriately. Please address all your requests and/or queries about this policy to UCCF’s Data Protection Officer at our main office.
Cookies
This website uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer which are used by a website to identify you.
Bethinking.org does not place cookies which attempt to track your use of any other websites or services. Cookies placed by Bethinking cannot be accessed by any third party website.
All recent versions of web browsers give you the ability to control and delete cookies. You can find out more information at AboutCookies.org.
Bethinking.org uses cookies as follows:
Monitoring Email Forms (Session Cookie)
A session cookie stores a unique identifier that allows this website (and no other) to track you as you move between pages. It does not contain any information that is personally identifiable. Session cookies are removed when you close your web browser or when you have been inactive for approximately 20 minutes.
We use a session cookie to monitor the number of emails you have sent through our email contact forms, so that we can stop misuse of them. The session cookie does not identify you to us in any other way.
Hiding Messages
Occasionally, bethinking.org may show a message in a banner area at the top of the page. You may opt to hide this message, in which case a cookie will be set to store this preference for the future. Depending on the nature of the banner, it may reappear at your next visit.
Google Analytics
Bethinking uses Google Analytics to analyse how our visitors engage with the website. Google Analytics places cookies to track your use of this website, but does not collect any information that can identify you personally to Bethinking or Google.
Terms and Conditions
The information contained in this website is provided by UCCF for your general information and use only. Use of this website or any information found on it is entirely at your own risk. While we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability or suitability of the website content. Content is subject to change without notice.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
You must not misuse this website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website contains links to websites outside of bethinking.org’s control. Bethinking has no responsibility for the content of those websites, nor does a link necessarily imply that we recommend or endorse the content or its provider.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, UCCF takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website or its functions being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Contacting Us
Please get in touch if you have any questions about this document or website or if you would like to see or correct the data we hold about you. You can contact bethinking.org directly by completing our contact form, or via UCCF using the details on the UCCF website contact us page.