http://www.westernfolklife.org/privacy-policy
About
What We Do
Who We Are
Where We Are
Rent Our Facility
Archiving the West
In the News
Gift Shop
Events
Dancing, Music & Events
Event Calendar
National Cowboy Poetry Gathering
Exhibitions
The Wiegand Gallery
Current Exhibitions
Contemporary Gear Collection
Online Exhibitions
Film
Film
Moving Rural Verse
Healing the Warrior's Heart
Deep West Video
Red Rock Rondo
Why The Cowboy Sings
Back at the Ranch: Tools of the Trade
Audio
Audio
Deep West Radio
What's in A Song
Expressing Montana
Fiddlers’ Pilgrimage: The Weiser Legacy
Ranch Rhymes Podcast
The 24 Hour Show
The Open Road
Folk Economy
Search
Join - Donate - Volunteer
PRIVACY POLICIESWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, enter a contest, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To administer a contest, survey or other site feature.If you have give us your email address, we will send you occasional e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer or Firefox Mozilla) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include westernfolklife.org. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.To opt out of any emails you get from the Western Folklife Center’s email marketing service, simply click the SecureUnsubscribe link at the bottom of the page and you will be immediately removed from the system.Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on September 14, 2011.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
STAY CONNECTEDSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.Sign UpWe respect your privacy.
The Western Folklife Center is a 4-Star Charity: click to see more information.
Major Donors
National Cowboy Poetry Gathering Sponsors