http://www.wiego.org/our-work-impact/core-programmes/urban-policies
Skip to main content
Empowering Informal Workers, Securing Informal Livelihoods
Custom Language Switcher
English
Español
Français
WIEGO
Our Work
Core Programmes
Urban Policies
Urban Policies Programme
By equipping informal workers (and educating urban planners and researchers) we strive to help the urban poor achieve better incomes, more secure places to live and work, and the capacity to negotiate sustainable gains in urban policies and practices.
Goals & Activities
WIEGO Specialists
Michael (Mike) Rogan
Interim Programme Director
Caroline Skinner
Director, Urban Research
Marty Chen
Senior Advisor
Sonia Dias
Sector Specialist, Waste Pickers
Ana Carolina Ogando
Research Associate
Pilar Balbuena
Media Specialist
Olga Abizaid
Programme Support Officer
Notable Gains
Past Activities
For the first time in history, the majority of the world's population lives in urban areas. In the global South, rapid urbanization has not been matched by industrialization, so cities are growing without jobs. The urban poor must survive by working in the informal economy. Our Urban Policies Programme provides informal workers and their advocates with tactical information, hard evidence, tools and opportunities to transform urban systems.
Reshaping Urban Planning and Practice to Include Informal Workers
An estimated one out of three people living in cities in the developing world live without access to adequate shelter, water and sanitation – in slums. Yet city governments, pre-occupied with competing for foreign investment and “world class city” status, largely neglect informal workers and slum dwellers, and often actively evict them.
To reduce urban poverty, a fundamental rethinking and reshaping of urban priorities, plans, regulations, and policies to incorporate the working poor is required.
Over half of the non-agricultural workforce in most developing countries – over three quarters in some – work in the informal economy. This workforce is integral to the economies of towns and cities: it contributes to households, communities, and formal sector firms. Urban authorities need to find ways to enable street vendors, hawkers, market traders - and the open-air markets, small kiosks or built markets where they vend - to co-exist alongside large retail malls. To create inclusive cities, they must incorporate waste pickers into modern solid waste management systems, and they must support home-based production through basic infrastructure services and appropriate zoning policies.
Goals & Activities
Photo: Paula Bronstein/Getty Images Reportage
WIEGO’s Urban Policies Program (UPP) aims to influence urban policy debates and government practices by:
shaping urban policy debates and government practices
increasing the visibility of urban informal workers, their issues and contributions
demonstrating viable options for including urban informal workers
institutionalizing inclusive practice via curriculum innovation
Shaping Urban Policy Debates and Government Practices
Read WIEGO's Position on Dump Closures
Engagement in International Policy Debates
UPP engages in a range of international policy debates and campaigns. In 2015-16, we participated in the United Nations Conference on Housing and Sustainable Urban Development (known as Habitat III). During the year-long consultative process leading up to the Habitat III summit in Quito, Ecuador, the WIEGO Network worked to put urban informal workers and inclusive urban policies on the New Urban Agenda. Our engagement in the Habitat III process included: serving on three of the ten policy units that fed into the NUA document; serving as co-chair of the Grassroots Partners Constituency Group of the General Assembly of Partners (GAP); developing a collective MBO platform; and participating in regional, thematic and preparatory meetings across the globe.
We have also been an active participant in the Right to the City initiative and the campaign to secure a dedicated Urban Sustainable Development Goal. We are a lead partner on the World Urban Campaign  and active participants in World Urban Forums (see for example WIEGO at the 2014 World Urban Forum in Medellin).
We have presented on numerous policy platforms, among them Metropolis and the United Nations Advisory Committee of Local Authorities. We review and contribute to global reports such as Powerful Synergies – Gender Equality, Economic Development and Environmental Sustainability (UNDP); the 2013 World Development Report on Jobs (World Bank); and the Global Waste Management Outlook – GWMO (UNEP).
10-City Informal Economy Monitoring Study
The 10-city Informal Economy Monitoring Study (IEMS) provides credible,grounded evidence of the range of driving forces, both positive and negative, that affect conditions of work in the informal economy. To date, no other study has made these drivers visible to both informal workers and policy makers through systematic comparative research combining qualitative (participatory) and quantitative methods.The IEMS is also unique in that it puts the research findings in the hands of informal workers and their organizations.
Read findings from the Informal Economy Monitoring Study.
Budget Analysis in the Informal Economy
Pioneered by the women’s movement, the interrogation of resource allocation within government budgets has proved to be a powerful policy analysis and advocacy tool. WIEGO has worked to adapt these techniques for the informal economy. Analysis of budget allocations for informal workers has been conducted in Brazil, Pakistan, Peru, and the Philippines and more recently in Accra, Ghana and Durban, South Africa.
Learn more about the Informal Economy Budget Analysis.
Increasing Visibility of Urban Informal Workers, their Issues and Contributions
Highlighting the Size and Contribution of the Urban Informal Economy
Reliable data on urban informal employment and on specific worker groups are essential to ensure policy visibility and inclusive planning processes. Conducted in concert with WIEGO’s Statistics Programme, this research aims to establish the best possible statistical picture of the size and contribution of the informal economy in urban areas.
Our data analysis suggests that informal work exceeds formal work in most towns and cities in the developing world.
See WIEGO Statistical Briefs for summary statistics and information about improved methods for the collection, tabulation and analysis of statistics.
See WIEGO Working Papers for more detailed analyses.
Monitoring Trends for Informal Workers around the Globe
Continuous global monitoring and dissemination of news and information allows WIEGO to maintain an accurate profile of particular places of concern (“hot spots”) and of inclusive practice (“bright spots”). Feeds are sent to membership-based organizations (MBOs), fostering international solidarity and cross-country learning. This activity also increases the profile of informality issues across diverse constituencies who use WIEGO’s Global Monitoring System, including urban practitioners and policymakers.
Sign up for the Global Monitoring service.
Demonstrating Viable Options for Including Urban Informal Workers
The Art of ‘the Possible’ – Documenting Good Practice
This work assesses trends in urban policies, planning processes, services/infrastructure delivery and organizational practice for home-based workers, street vendors and waste pickers. It identifies and disseminates innovative policy and planning approaches and organizational practices that have resulted in more secure livelihoods.
In 2016 we worked with the Journal Environment and Urbanization to produce a special issue on urban livelihoods, highlighting inclusive practices. The articles in the special issue present statistics, survey findings and detailed case evidence that show including the informal economy in urban policy and practice is both necessary and possible.
Read more about the special issue of Environment and Urbanization and access WIEGO’s contributions.
Read more about documenting policy & organizational practice.
Technical Advice to Support Inclusion of Informal Workers
UPP provides technical content for MBOs and urban practitioners in pursuit of inclusive practices.
Content in WIEGO Technical Briefs tackles questions such as:
how do you conduct a street trader census?
what is appropriate zoning that would support home based workers?
what options are there for paying waste pickers for the valuable environmental service they provide?
We also look at mainstreaming gender analysis and women's leadership in the waste picking sector; see Gender & Waste.
Institutionalizing Inclusive Practice via Curriculum Innovations
Urban professionals – planners, architects, urban designers, engineers – are critical to “city making” but are often ill-equipped to plan for informality. This work aims to develop, test, and institutionalize an urban planning curriculum on the urban informal economy. via joint work with the African Association of Planning Educators and the Indian Institute for Human Settlements, among others.
Notable Gains
Photo: Juan Arredondo/Getty Images Reportage
Exercising Voice in Global Agenda-Setting Processes
As a result of the collective effors of WIEGO and allies during the Habitat III process, the final version of the New Urban Agenda, adopted in October 2016, includes strong and positive language on the informal economy and decent work, and references key principles on the right to the city. It establishes a commitment to recognizing the contributions of the working poor in the informal economy, enhancing their voice and representation, and preserving their livelihoods during the process of transition to the formal economy, among other things.
Using Research to Engage Policymakers
Informal workers and their organizations have used findings from the 10-city Informal Economy Monitoring Study to engage with city officials and policymakers on urgent issues affecting their livelihoods.
In Bangkok, HomeNet Thailand used the study to advocate for better transport.
In Nakuru, Kenya, KENASVIT and its affiliate NASTHA used the study to negotiate for better access to trading sites and a reduction in harassment.
In Bogotá, Colombia, the Asociación de Recicladores de Bogotá (ARB) has constantly cited the data in its ongoing negotiations with city authorities.
Bringing Gender to the Forefront of Practice Among Waste Pickers and Solid Waste Practitioners
To gain insight into the gender dynamics and sexual division of labour in the waste picking sector, and to bring gender consciousness to the forefront of discussion among women waste pickers, WIEGO undertook a Gender and Waste Project in 2012-2015 in Minas Gerais, Brazil. It sought to provide women waste pickers with a clearer understanding of the practical tools they need to challenge entrenched gender hierarchies present in their own lives at home, at work and in the movement.
The key outputs of this participatory, workshop-based project were two toolkits:
a popular toolkit for waste pickers (launched in 2015), and
a toolkit for practitioners and academics interested in understanding gender inequalities in the waste sector (launched in 2016).
For more on the project see Gender & Waste.
Past Activities
Informal Economy Theme
Inclusive Cities / Urban Policies
Language
English
Related Publications
WIEGO BriefsPersonas trabajadoras en empleo informal en México: Un panorama estadísticoBy
José de Jesús Luján Salazar, Joann Vanek
WIEGO BriefsInformal Workers in India: A Statistical ProfileBy
Govindan Raveendran, Joann Vanek
WIEGO Resource DocumentsNo Place for Street Vendors: Global Capital and Local Exclusion in an East Asian Immigrant Enclave of New York CityBy
Ryan Thomas Devlin
ReportsImpactos da pandemia de COVID-19 sobre reciclagem inclusiva no BrasilBy
Sonia M. Dias, Ricardo Abussafy, Juliana Gonçalves, João Pedro Martins
ReportsImpacts of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Inclusive Recycling in BrazilBy
Sonia M. Dias, Ricardo Abussafy, Juliana Gonçalves, João Pedro Martins
View all publications
Related Blog Posts
Informal Workers See a Long Road to Recovery Ahead — Unless Governments ActBy
Sally Roever, Michael Rogan
Trabajadoras y trabajadores en empleo informal ven un largo camino hacia la recuperación, a menos que los gobiernos actúenBy
Sally Roever, Michael Rogan
Ne pas nuire aux travailleuse·eur·s : pourquoi le harcèlement des travailleuse·eur·s de l’informel nuit à la santé publique et à la reprise économiqueBy
Jenna Harvey, with Focal Cities team
El gobierno de Ghana deja desamparadas a las personas recicladoras en medio de la pandemia de COVID-19By
Owusu Boampong, Karim Saagbul, Taylor Cass Talbott
Le gouvernement ghanéen laisse les récupératrice·eur·s de matériaux se débrouiller seul·e·s face à la pandémie de la COVID-19By
Owusu Boampong, Karim Saagbul, Taylor Cass Talbott
Visit the WIEGO Blog
About Us
Who We Are
WIEGO Institutional Members
HomeNet Thailand
WIEGO Individual Members
WIEGO Board
WIEGO Board Biographies
WIEGO Team
WIEGO Team Bios
Donors
What We Do
Our Niche
WIEGO Manifesto
WIEGO General Assemblies
Job/Contract Postings
Consultant in communication and campaign on social networks
WIEGO Annual Reports
COVID-19
Global Impact Study
Support informal workers' campaigns
Resources for Informal Workers
Waste pickers
Home-based workers
Domestic workers
Street Vendors
Memorial Tributes
Our Work
WIEGO News & Events
Core Programmes
Organization & Representation
Statistics
Law Programme
Administrative Justice for Informal Workers
Home-based workers in Bulgaria: Using the ILO Reporting Mechanism to Work
Law Programme Engagement in Global Agenda Setting Processes
Social Protection
Analyzing Responses to COVID-19
Urban Policies
Focal Cities
Accra
Dakar
Delhi
Delhi Diary
Delhi Diary: 2020
Delhi and the COVID-19 Epidemic
COVID-19 and Delhi’s Waste Pickers
Focal City Learning Meeting 2020
Not just hunger but also safety: Relief for waste pickers during COVID-19
Impact of COVID-19 on Street Vendors in India: Status and Steps for Advocacy
July 2020
Rebuilding Lives in Resettlements: The Story of Savita Ben
Lima
Mexico City
Los Rifados de la Basura Campaign
Informal Economy Themes
Organizing & Organizations
Inclusive Cities and the Urban Informal Economy
Working in Public Space: Resources
Social Protection
Child Care & Informal Workers
Income Security for Older Workers
Informal Economy Podcast
Workers' Health
Law & Informality
Formalizing
Women's Economic Empowerment
Special Initiatives
Research
Exposure Dialogues
Policy Dialogues
Impact Stories
Informal economy
History & Debates
Statistics
Statistical Picture
Concepts, Definitions & Methods
Development of Statistics on the Informal Economy
Occupational Groups
Domestic Workers
"Making C189 Real": The Domestic Workers Project
Home-Based Workers
Street Vendors
Waste Pickers
Waste Pickers Fighting Climate Change
Poverty, Inequality & Growth Linkages
Links with Poverty
Hierarchies of Earnings and Poverty
Links with Poverty: Data Sources
Links with Poverty: Earlier Findings
Links with Inequality
Links with Growth
Links with Economic Crises
Impact of the Global Recession on Members of SEWA in India
Support to Informal Workers During & After Economic Crises
Worker Stories
Policy Framework
Publications & Resources
WIEGO Publication Series
WIEGO Working Papers
WIEGO Briefs
WIEGO Resource Documents
Workers' Lives
ILO-WIEGO Statistical Reports
Worker Education & Advocacy Resources
Peer reviewed publications
Informal Economy Monitoring Study (IEMS)
Informal Economy Budget Analysis (IEBA)
Blogs