http://www.incelaw.com/en/legal-notices
Legal notices | Ince | In any case
Quick search
Main navigation
Our team
Sectors
Services
About us
News & insights
Careers
Graduates
Investors
Emergency Response
Contact Navigation
Contact
Menu
Quick search
Pick a sector ...Aviation & TravelCommodities & TradeEnergy & InfrastructureGaming & BettingHospitality & LeisureInsuranceMaritimeReal EstateTMTYachts & Superyachts
Find a service ...Banking & FinanceConstruction & EngineeringCorporate & CommercialCyber SecurityDispute ResolutionEmployment, Pensions & ImmigrationFamily & MatrimonialIP & ITLicensing (Alcohol and Entertainment)Regulatory SolutionsRestructuring & InsolvencyTax
Back to home
Legal notices
Legal notices
Specify …
Legal notices
Website terms & conditions
Cookie policy
Complaints policy
Privacy notice
Fee estimates: Bringing claims for unfair or wrongful dismissal
Fee estimates: Defending claims for unfair or wrongful dismissal
Fee estimates: Licensing applications for business premises
Fee estimates: Immigration
Fee Estimates: Uncontested Probate Matters (Cardiff)
Fee estimates: Uncontested probate matters
Fee estimates: debt recovery up to £100,000
Fee Estimates: Motoring Offences
Fee Estimates: Residential Conveyancing (Cardiff)
Fee estimates: residential conveyancing
Meet us
Go
Legal Notices
Ince Gordon Dadds LLP and its affiliated entities practice law internationally as ‘Ince’  (the “Affiliates”). References in these legal notices and elsewhere on this website to Ince means Ince Gordon Dadds LLP, its subsidiaries, the Affiliates, and the other partnerships and other entities or practices authorised to use the name “Ince” or describe themselves as being in association with Ince as the context may require.
The term “partner” is used to refer to a member of Ince Gordon Dadds LLP or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing and qualifications or an individual with equivalent status in one of the Affiliates. A list of members of Ince Gordon Dadds LLP and of non-members who are designated as partners and their professional qualifications is open to inspection at its registered office at Aldgate Tower, 2 Leman St, London E1 8QN.
Country Specific Information
United Kingdom
We provide professional services in the United Kingdom under the trading names of ‘Ince’ and ‘Gordon Dadds’. Legal services are provided through Ince Gordon Dadds LLP. We also provide additional professional services through Gordon Dadds Corporate Services Limited and Gordon Dadds Private Office Limited.
Legal Services
Ince Gordon Dadds LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales with registered number OC383616 which is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 596729. The address of our registered office is Aldgate Tower, 2 Leman Street, London E1 8QN.
Ince Gordon Dadds LLP practices law as ‘Ince’ and ‘Gordon Dadds’.
All requests for further information or any complaints (including complaints concerning fees and charges) should be addressed in the first instance with your client partner or head of your local office, failing which they should be addressed to our Client Care Partner at our registered office. A copy of our complaints procedure is available upon request.
Other Non-Legal Services
Ince GD Corporate Services Limited, a limited company registered in England and Wales (registered number: 01283683), provides company secretarial services.
Gordon Dadds Private Office, a limited company registered in England and Wales (registered number: 11978656), provides lifestyle and wealth management consultancy services and does not provide legal services.
Germany
Ince practices law through Ince & Co Germany LLP, a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales (with registered number OC 362945) and company seat at Ince Gordon Dadds LLP London, Aldgate Tower, 2 Leman Street, London, E1 8QN, UK, Tel. +44 20 7481 0010 and Fax +44 20 7481 4968.
The Managing Partner of Ince & Co Germany LLP is:
Dr. Adrian Biles
Grosse Elbstrasse 47
22767 Hamburg
Deutschland
To read our Germany Privacy Notice in full (German language), please click here.
Ince & Co Germany LLP are based in Hamburg and Cologne.   Further information required to contact Ince & Co Germany LLP can be found under 'Locations – Germany'.
Bar admission
Unless otherwise stated, all Germany lawyers at Ince & Co Germany LLP are admitted within the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany to practise as lawyers (Rechtsanwälte). They are members of:
Hamburg office:
Hanseatische Rechtsanwaltskammer (Hanseatic Bar Association), Valentinskamp 88, 20355 Hamburg.
Cologne office:
Rechtsanwaltskammer Köln (Bar Association Cologne), Riehler Strasse 30, 50668 Köln.
Provisions on occupational law
Relevant rules and regulations governing the professional conduct of lawyers admitted in Germany (Rechtsanwälte) include:
Federal Code for the Legal Profession (Bundesrechtsanwaltsordnung – BRAO)
Rules of Professional Conduct (Berufsordnung für Rechtsanwälte – BORA)
Specialist Solicitors Order (Fachanwaltsordnung – FAO)
Lawyers‘ Compensation Act (Rechtsanwaltsvergütungsgesetz – RVG)
Charter of Core Principles of the European Legal Profession and Code of Conduct for European Lawyers (CCBE)
The relevant rules and regulations governing the professional conduct of German qualified lawyers are available on the website of the Federal Bar Association (www.brak.de) under the category 'Berufsrecht' in German and English language.
Furthermore, for English lawyers practising from Ince & Co Germany LLP the following relevant rules and regulations governing the professional conduct of solicitors admitted in England and Wales apply:
Act on the Activities of European Attorneys in Germany (EuRAG)
Law implementing the Directives of the European Community pertaining to the professional law regulating the legal profession.
Solicitors Code of Conduct 2011 (Overseas Practice Rules)
Solicitors' Financial Services (Conduct of Business) Rules 2001
The full text of these rules and regulations is available on the website of the Solicitors Regulation Authority (www.sra.org.uk) under the category 'Solicitors – SRA Handbook'.
Professional indemnity insurance
Ince & Co Germany LLP has professional indemnity insurance for its lawyers working in Germany. The professional indemnity insurance is provided by the Allianz Versicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft located in 10900 Berlin, Germany.
The territorial scope of the insurance coverage comprises legal advice in the European Union member states and complies at least with the legal requirements pursuant to sec. 51 of the Federal Code for the Legal Profession (Bundesrechtsanwaltsordnung).
Tax identification number
Our VAT ID is DE 815277076
Wir weisen darauf hin, dass wir in eigener Sache nicht an Streitbeilegungsverfahren vor Verbraucherschlichtungsstellen teilnehmen.
Greece
Ince practices law through Herring Parry Khan Law Office which is regulated by the Piraeus Bar.
Cyprus
Ince practices law through G. Zambartas LLC, a private company limited by shares registered in Cyprus (with company number: H.E. 412500) and registered as a lawyers’ limited company with the Cyprus Bar Association under registration number 854. The address of our registered office is Euro House, 1st Floor, 82 Spyrou Kyprianou Street, Limassol 4042, Cyprus.
Gibraltar
Ince practices law through Rampart Corporate Advisors Limited. Company registration No. 107531. Registered Office: 6.20 World Trade Center, 6, Bayside Road, Gibraltar GX11 1AA, PO Box 1324. Tel:  +350  20068450  Fax:  +350 20068453.
United Arab Emirates
Ince practices law through Ince & Co Middle East LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales (with registered number OC361857) and is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority (SRA). Our SRA registration number is 563759.
The SRA’s rules for the regulation of solicitors are available online here.
The Dubai office is licensed to provide legal services by the Dubai Department of Economy and is regulated by the Government of Dubai Legal Affairs Department.
China
Ince practices law in mainland China through Ince Gordon Dadds LLP which has a representative office in Beijing and a separate representative office in Shanghai.
Ince practices law in Hong Kong through Ince & Co, a Hong Kong partnership regulated by the Law Society of Hong Kong.
Singapore
Incisive Law LLC is a member of the Ince Group and is a limited liability company incorporated in Singapore with Unique Entity Number 201015337C. Incisive Law LLC is regulated by the Legal Services Regulatory Authority (under the auspices of the Ministry of Law) pursuant to the terms of the Legal Profession (Law Practice Entities) Rules 2015, made under the Legal Profession Act (Cap.161).
Additional Information
Client Verification
When first taking your instructions, we are required to identify both our client and (if relevant) the ultimate beneficial owner of our client, and to verify that identity in a number of ways. We may need your assistance to satisfy these requirements. Without compliance with these obligations, we will not be able to act for you.
You consent when you become a client to our conducting those searches we deem necessary for identification and risk management purposes and so that we can act for you.
Equal Opportunities
Ince is committed to providing equality of opportunity for all employees, and to creating a workplace environment where all employees are treated with respect and dignity by their colleagues. It is against our policies and against the law to discriminate either directly or indirectly on the grounds of race, colour, religion, belief or political opinion, disability, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, or sex or marital status at any stage of the recruitment process, or during the course of employment.
Interest on Client Account
The current rate of interest that we receive from Barclays Bank Plc on our client account is 0.4%. For further information please see page 8 of our Terms of Business.
Professional Indemnity Insurance
We maintain compulsory professional indemnity insurance with AXIS Specialty London (a branch of AXIS Specialty Europe plc) of 4th Floor, Plantation Place South, 60 Great Tower Street, London EC3R 5AZ. This insurance covers all of our practice which is carried on from our offices located in England and will extend to acts or omissions wherever in the world they occur.
Back to previous
Legal notices
Take me up
Quick links
Quick Links
The Ince Group plc
Find an expert
Your nearest Ince office
Legal Notices
Transparency Statement
Privacy notice
COVID-19 Office Risk Assesment
Ince portal
Direct contact
General enquiries please call
+44 (0) 20 7481 0010 or
submit your enquiry here
Emergency Response
+44 (0) 20 7283 6999
Paul Katsouris
“(Middle East, North Africa, & Indian Subcontinent) Young Person of the Year - 2016.”
- Seatrade
Paul Katsouris
“Young Lawyer of the Year 2017 (shortlisted)”
- DIFC
James Quartermaine
“Thorough and very committed to getting the best results for his clients.”
- Chamber and Partners UK
Victoria Liaou
“Legal Awards, 2019.”
- Finance Monthly Magazine
View all testimonials and awards