https://www.blackengineer.com/privacy-policy/
Membership
Members in the News
Member Spotlight
Black Nerd Culture
DIGITAL
iTunes
TuneIn Radio
Podcasts
BEYA Radio
BEYA TV
Audio
Back Issues Online
eMag
NEWS
Automotive News
Up Front
Science News
Best Practices
Corporate News
First Byte
These Who Serve
Professionals on the move
Awards & Lists
BLOGS
Doc T on Tech
Blog
Courtney D’s Career Tips
Dr. Michael Spencer on Innovation
Jem Pagán On IOT and Innovation
Lango Deen, Technology Editor on Trending News
LEARNING & CAREER
Job Horizon
My Greatest Challenge
Professional Life
Recruiting Trends
Slideshares
Jobboard
EVENTS
BEYA STEM Conference
BEYA Stars and Stripes
Conferences
HBCU Technet
HBCU Innovators
EDUCATION
Books
Leadership
On Campus
STEM Programs
LEADING VOICES
BEYA’s Leading Voices
WOMEN VOICES
Women’s History Month Role Models
Women of Color Seminars
Women in the Military
Diversity
Student Success
Internships
World
Africa
The Diaspora
About Us
Leadership
Advertise with us
Email Login
Privacy Policy
Published July 10, 2017 By : synapse
Career Communications Group does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from guest book signings, registration for free Web-based email, subscriptions to our online newsletter, a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to “opt out” of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from Career Communications Group and/or any third parties.
Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, Career Communications Group reserves the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
Career Communications Group reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. Career Communications Group will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that Career Communications Group may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through a EGG site. Career Communications Group is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.
Additionally, users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, email address) on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas of the Career Communications Group sites, that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user’s communication, can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Career Communications Group.
Users also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of Career Communications Group’s Internet servers or through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that Career Communications Group cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for Career Communications Group.
If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Career Communications Group site.
Upon request, Career Communications Group will allow any user to “opt out” of further promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request, Career Communications Group will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. The foregoing policies are effective as of March 1, 1999.
Career Communications Group reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Mailing address:
Career Communications Group, Inc.
729 East Pratt Street, Suite 504
Baltimore, Maryland 21202
Voice: 410-244-7101
Fax: 410-752-1837.
Advertisement
In Case You Missed ItVirginia State University will celebrate graduates in a virtual commencement this weekend4 hours agoTSU’s $100,000 donation goes towards critical technology needs1 day agoLeading employer and largest HBCU launch Equity in Education Initiative2 days agoLloyd J. Austin tapped as Secretary of Defense3 days agoHigh-Tech Sunday Season 1 Episode 17 feat. Computer Science professors from FIU and Miami Dade College6 days agoJohnson & Johnson Names Dr. Nadja West, former US Army Surgeon General, to Board7 days agoOver 1,100 C-Suite Leaders Convene to Accelerate Commitments to Diversity & Inclusion7 days agoTech zone aims to open doors to new opportunities in southeastern Virginia1 week agoStudent inspires Women of Color Magazine Writer to write a Children’s Book1 week agoAyanna Howard named next dean of College of Engineering at Ohio State1 week agoMorgan State University Graduate and Contract Specialist in the Spotlight1 week agoDow invests more than $5M to enhance the STEM talent pipeline at ABET-accredited HBCUs1 week agoBlogs
Education (11)
Courtney D's Career Tips (2)
Technology (2)
First Byte Blog with Doc T Join me @ facebook.com/tyrone.taborn (3)
Dr. Michael Spencer on Innovation (5)
Jem Pagán On IOT and Innovation (4)
Rayondon Kennedy (2)
© 2020 USBE Information Technology. A publication of Career Communications Group, Inc. All rights Reserved.Privacy Policy|Sitemap
Login
Username
Create an Account!
Password
Forgot Password?
Create an Account!
Forgot Password?
Social media & sharing icons
powered by UltimatelySocial