http://www.trevena.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Trevena, Inc. (“Trevena”) understands the importance of and is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement applies to our collection and use of personal information through our website.
Because of our commitment to the protection of your personal information, we evaluate this Privacy Statement from time-to-time in order to implement improvements and refinements. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you by means of a prominent notice on this website. Your continued use of this website indicates your agreement with the terms of any changes or revisions to this Privacy Statement.
What Information Do We Collect?
Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. We may collect and process certain personal information such as:
Information that you provide by completing forms on the website (e.g. your name, email address, postal address, telephone number etc.)
the content of any communications you send to us, for example to report a problem, identify concerns or offer comments regarding the website or its content; and
information that we may collect from you offline in connection with business-related interactions with you, such as information you may provide to us at an industry event or if you contact us by telephone. Note that this Privacy Statement does not apply to information that we may collect through our clinical trials, which are governed by separate terms and agreements.
In addition, we may automatically collect basic technical information from all visitors to the website through automatic data collection tools such as “cookies” and other commonly used technologies. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to the website such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the site from which you came to the website.
Trevena does not knowingly collect any personal information from site visitors under the age of 13.
What Do We Do With the Information That You Provide?
Subject to applicable data protection laws, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with the services and information offered through the website; (ii) to contact you and respond to your requests and inquiries; (iii) to improve the website by helping us understand who uses the website; and (iv) for fraud prevention and detection and to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
We may share your personal information as required by law in order to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of others. We may share your personal information with third-party service providers performing services on our behalf. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or shares.
What Do We Do With Your IP Address And Cookies?
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information and is stored as a partial identifier. We use cookies, when applicable, to deliver content specific to your interests and when applicable to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. You may set your browser to refuse cookies. If you make that choice, please understand that you may not be eligible for any specials and / or promotions we may offer our Site's users.
Is Your Personal Information Shared?
No, unless otherwise required by law or as noted above.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this website, or use of our trademarks and copyrighted material, or for any other concerns, please feel free to contact us.