https://www.childrenshopealliance.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Children’s Hope Alliance places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our members and website users.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
Volunteers and community members who register for events and communication from CHA voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
IP addresses
Children’s Hope Alliance uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer www.childrenshopealliance.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information to track visitors of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
Email Privacy
Children’s Hope Alliance does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
External Links
www.childrenshopealliance.org includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the www.childrenshopealliance.org domain, and Children’s Hope Alliance is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Click HERE to download Children’s Hope Alliance’s Privacy Practices.
Take A Tour
Interactive Map
Journey Magazine