https://www.theologicalstudies.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Theological Studies
Home
Welcome!
About Us
Join The Team (Apply Here)
Contact
Privacy Policy
Blog
3 Undeniable Techniques to Harness the Teachings of Digital Marketing
Learn the Major Areas that Institutes Teach in Digital Marketing
Home
Welcome!
About Us
Join The Team (Apply Here)
Contact
Privacy Policy
Blog
3 Undeniable Techniques to Harness the Teachings of Digital Marketing
Learn the Major Areas that Institutes Teach in Digital Marketing
Recent Comments
December 2018
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Apr
12
3456789
10111213141516
17181920212223
24252627282930
31
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
At www.theologicalstudies.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by www.theologicalstudies.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at info@theologicalstudies.com.
Log Files
www.theologicalstudies.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, www.theologicalstudies.com uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners include:
Google
Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their website. For easier access, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here:
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of www.theologicalstudies.com.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on www.theologicalstudies.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that www.theologicalstudies.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
www.theologicalstudies.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
www.theologicalstudies.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in www.theologicalstudies.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
email me
About Us
Thomas Campbell is the founder of the institute and the lead researcher in formulation of the interactive learning courses. He is a renowned digital marketer who also enjoys the occasional coding challenges.
All changes to the courses are personally approved by him before coming into effect.
Recent Posts
3 Undeniable Techniques to Harness the Teachings of Digital Marketing
Learn the Major Areas that Institutes Teach in Digital Marketing
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Default
Archives Archives
Select Month
April 2018
Theme by theologicalstudies.org | ©2019. All Rights Reserved.
OK