http://www.vwc.state.va.us/content/web-policy
Skip to main content
News and Notices
11/13/2020
-
2022 Medical Fee Schedule Update
11/04/2020
-
VWC Alternative Dispute Resolution Supervisor Receives IAIABC 2020 NextGen Award
11/02/2020
-
Fairfax Regional Office Relocation
10/20/2020
-
Evelyn V. McGill Named Immediate Past President of the IAIABC
08/10/2020
-
Commission Issues Order Regarding Evidentiary Hearings
06/29/2020
-
The Virginia Workers' Compensation Commission Releases 2019 Annual Report
06/01/2020
-
Commission Begins Compliance Program effective July 1, 2020
Information we collect and how we use it
The following information explains the Internet Privacy Policy and practice for the Virginia Workers’ Compensation Commission’s website (www.workcomp.virginia.gov), but shall not be interpreted as a contract of any nature, either stated or implied. We reserve the right to amend our Internet Privacy Policy statement at any time without notice.
Note that this policy only applies to Web pages on the www.workcomp.virginia.gov and website. This website has links to those operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses. When you move via such links to another website, this policy will not apply.
Customer comments or review
If you have questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, please contact us at webmaster@workcomp.virginia.gov.
Protection of information via established security procedures
We maintain security standards and procedures to prevent unauthorized removal or alteration of data, to ensure that this service remains available to all users, and to prevent unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage.
WARNING: Unauthorized attempts to modify any information on this website, to defeat or circumvent security features or to utilize this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution. Information on attempts to circumvent security measures will be traced and released to the appropriate legal authorities (such as the Virginia State Police) to investigate suspected or alleged criminal activity.
Internet Privacy Policy for workcomp.virginia.gov
Virginia law
We protect our records in accordance with our obligations as defined by applicable Virginia statutes, including, but not limited to, the "Government Data Collection and Dissemination Practices Act," Chapter 38 of Title 2.2 of the Code of Virginia (§ 2.2-3800 and 2.2-3803), "Administration of systems including personal information; Internet privacy policy; exceptions" Code of Virginia, § 2.2-3803, the "Virginia Freedom of Information Act" § 2.2-3700, et seq., and by any applicable U.S. federal laws. Any personal information that is collected and retained is maintained in compliance with statute.
Information we collect
We endeavor to collect only the minimum amount of information needed to provide services. If you do nothing during your visit to the
workcomp.virginia.gov website but browse or download information, we automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our site;
The type of browser and operating system you used;
The date and time you visited this site;
The pages visited; and
If you arrived from another website, the address of that website.
The information in our Web logs is not personally identifiable and no attempt is made to link it with the individuals that browse our website.
If, during your visit, you send us an e-mail message, we will collect the e-mail address and contents of the message, including audio, video and graphic information formats you send us. This may be to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to further improve our website or to forward your message to another agency for appropriate action.
We do collect personal information directly from individuals who volunteer to complete forms or participate in surveys, in order to deliver the services requested. We only collect, retain and use personal information where we believe it is essential to administer our business and to provide products, services and other opportunities requested by our customers.
How the collected information is used
Usage information is used to improve the content of our Web services and to help us understand how people are using our pages. We analyze our website logs to improve the value of the materials available on our site. Routing information is used to send requested Web pages to your computer for viewing. Transaction routing information is used primarily in a statistical summary format to assess content and server performance. We may share this summary information with our business partners when needed.
We may keep your information indefinitely, but we ordinarily delete routing information regularly after the Web page is transmitted. However, on rare occasions when a "hacker" attempts to breach computer security, logs of routing information are retained to permit a security investigation and in such cases may be forwarded together with any other relevant information in our possession to law enforcement agencies.
Optional information is retained in accordance with the records retention schedules at the Library of Virginia.
Under the "Virginia Freedom of Information Act" (FOIA), any records in our possession at the time of a "Freedom of Information Request" might be subject to inspection by or disclosure to members of the public. However, identifiable personal information will be removed prior to such release in accordance with FOIA.
Restrictions on the disclosure of customer information
We do not sell or rent our subscribers' information to any outside company or organization. We do not reveal specific information about users or other personally identifiable data to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use, except if required to do so by FOIA or other law.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small files either stored on a server or sent back to a visiting computer. In certain applications user information is stored as "cookies," which are then sent back to and stored on the user's computer. Some sections of the website may use cookies to customize the information presented to you. Cookies are also used to aggregate site usage information to help us improve our users' experience.
Copyright
The copyright to the workcomp.virginia.gov website is owned by the Virginia Workers’ Compensation Commission and pages are marked with the notice "(c) Virginia Workers’ Compensation Commission." Permission is granted to website visitors to make fair use of the contents, as per http://www.copyright.gov/fls/fl102.html. If you are in doubt about whether your use constitutes fair use, please send a request for explicit permission to copy the contents to webmaster@workcomp.virginia.gov.
Linking Policy
This website contains hypertext links to external websites and pages containing information created and maintained by public and private organizations. The inclusion of a hypertext link to an external website is not intended as an endorsement of any product or service offered or referenced on the linked website, the organizations sponsoring said website, or any views that might be expressed or referenced in the website.
Hypertext links to external websites and pages may be removed or replaced at any time without notice.
If a hypertext link on the website is not working, please contact our Webmaster by emailing webmaster@workcomp.virginia.gov.
Disclaimer
Neither the Virginia Workers’ Compensation Commission nor any state employee warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or outdated. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk.
Reference herein to any specific commercial products, processes or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or other mark does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Virginia Workers’ Compensation Commission. The information and statements contained on this site shall not be used for the purposes of advertising, nor to imply the endorsement or recommendation of the Virginia Workers’ Compensation Commission.
It is not intended that any part of this site be considered legal advice.
Site Location
VWC Home >>
Web Policy
VWC Resources
Contact VWC
News and Press
Video Hearings
VWC Forms
VWC Documents
Office Locations
Hearing Locations
Mediation Locations
Judicial Opinion Search
Insurance Coverage Search
Online Tools and Calculators
VWC Email Subscriptions
VWC Glossary of Terms
Employment Opportunities
Commission Meeting Schedule
VWC Departments
Administration
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Claims Services
Correspondence Management
Criminal Injuries Compensation Fund
Electronic Data Interchange - Quality Assurance
Financial Services
Human Resources
Information Systems
Insurance
Judicial
Medical Fee Services
Outreach Services
Project Management
Helpful Links
Virginia Workers' Compensation Act
Virginia Birth-Related Neurological Injury Compensation Program
International Association of Industrial Accident Boards and Commissions (IAIABC)
Southern Association of Workers' Compensation Administrators (SAWCA)
National Council on Compensation Insurance (NCCI)
The Saslaw Report – Dec. 2010
Search Site
Search