http://www.primeroots.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIME ROOTS PRIVACY POLICY
Prime Roots Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February, 2, 2019
This Privacy Policy describes how Terramino Inc. (DBA Prime Roots). (“Prime Roots,” “we,” “us” and “our”) collects, uses, discloses and stores information you provide to us through the Prime Roots website
This Privacy Policy describes:
Information that we collect when you interact with the Services
How we use and process the information that we collect
How we may share information with third parties
The security of your information
1. User Consent and Incorporation PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. When you submit information to or through the Services, you consent to the collection and processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and consent to our collection, use, disclosure and retention of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF USE, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SERVICES.
2. Links to Other Sites The Services may contain links and widgets related to third-party websites and services, such as social networks (a “Third Party Service”), with which we have no affiliation. A link to or other availability of any Third Party Service does not mean that we endorse it or the quality or accuracy of information presented on it. If you decide to visit a Third Party Service, you are subject to the privacy policy and practices of the third party that operates the Third Party Service and not this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully review the legal and privacy notices of all other digital services that you visit.
3. Information We Collect We collect personal information if you provide it to us while using the Services. Personal information is information that can be used, alone or in combination with other information, to identify a person and may include contact information such as your first name, last name, email address and phone number, social media handles, as well as any other personal information you may input as free text into fields on the forms included in the Services and, if you are providing information about or on behalf of a business, your organization and title, business address, number of locations and preferred foodservice distributor. For example, you may provide your email address and other contact information to receive communications from us about our products and services. You may also provide us with personal information when you input information about yourself and your visits to particular restaurants if you would like to see a restaurant serve our products. Supplying personal information to us is voluntary. You can visit the Services without providing personal information, however, some features and services (e.g., signing up for our newsletter) may only be available if you provide personal information. Our website analytics tools may also automatically collect your IP address when you use the Services.We may collect information about your location when you use the Services to find the location of restaurants near you that provide our product, as well as information about which of the restaurant locations listed on our Services that you click on.We also collect non-personal usage data when you use the Services. Usage data is information about an individual's web or mobile application activity that, by itself, does not identify the individual, such as operating system you are using, the date and time stamp of your visit, domain name, referring URLs, and internet service providers. We collect usage data through the use of cookies and similar data collection tools. For more about cookies, see Section 4 of this Privacy Policy.
4. Cookies and Other Information Collection Tools What are cookies? A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website or use an online service. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site or online service to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information.Why do we use them? Cookies help us improve the Services by providing us with information about which parts of the Services are most popular, enabling us to analyze technical and navigational information about the Services, and helping us to detect and prevent fraud. We also use cookies and other data collection tools (such as web beacons and server logs) to help improve your experience with the Services. For example, we use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Services. These tools use cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Services (including IP address) is transmitted to our data collection tool service providers. This information is then used by us to evaluate visitors’ use of the Services and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Prime Roots Foods. If you would like to opt-out from the use of your information by Google Analytics, you may use Google Analytics' opt-out browser add-on designed for this purpose. How do I control cookies? Web browsers typically allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Some web browsers provide settings that allow a user to reject cookies or to alert a user when a cookie is placed on the user's computer, tablet or mobile device. Mobile devices may also offer settings to reject mobile device identifiers. Although users are not required to accept cookies or mobile device identifiers, blocking or rejecting them may prevent access to some features available through the Services.
5. How information is usedWe may use the information we collect for purposes that include:
To provide the Services to you and to improve the Services;
To operate, improve, and personalize the products and services we offer, and to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us;
To provide you with information about products and services that we think may be of interest to you and to learn about your interest in our products and services;
for customer service, security, to detect fraud or illegal activities and for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Services;
for research and analysis purposes, such as determining trends in consumption of our products and determining where our products may be in demand;
To communicate with users;
purposes we disclose to you at the time we collect the information; and to enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies.
6. Sharing of Information We may share and disclose information as described at the time information is collected or as follows. With our Business Partners. If you provide information related to a restaurant or business with which Prime Roots Foods has a business relationship, we may share the information you provide with that business in order to help our business partners better understand our customers.With Third Party Service Providers Performing Services on Our Behalf. We share information, including personal information, with our service providers to perform the functions for which we engage them. For example, we may use third parties to host the Services, provide data analysis and research services, to send out email updates about the Services, provide marketing and advertising services for us, remove repetitive information from our user lists, and to help us deliver our products and services to customers and process payments.For Legal Purposes. We also may share information that we collect from users as needed to enforce our rights, protect our property or protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will disclose personal information as we deem necessary to respond to a subpoena, regulation, binding order of a data protection agency, legal process, governmental request or other legal or regulatory process. We may also share personal information as required to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain.Corporate Changes. We may transfer information, including your personal information, in connection with a merger, sale, acquisition or other change of ownership or control by or of us or any affiliated company (in each case whether in whole or in part).
7. Security of Your InformationWe employ reasonable security measures designed to protect the security of information submitted through the Services. However, the security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of data. Users of the Services are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any of our Services. In order to protect us, you and your data, we may suspend your use of the Services, without notice if any breach of security is suspected. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Services are restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited.
8. Effective Date and Changes to Privacy PolicyThe Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is set forth at the top of this webpage. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion. Changes will be posted to this webpage. We encourage you to return to this webpage frequently so that you are aware of our current privacy practices. Your continued use of the Services after the Effective Date constitutes your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. The amended Privacy Policy supersedes all previous versions
9. Non-U.S. VisitorsAll personal information we collect through the Services is currently processed in the United States by us or by a party acting on our behalf. When you provide personal information to us through the Services, you consent to the transfer of your data to, and processing of your data in, the United States. The Services are currently hosted in the United States.
10. ChildrenWe do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any person under the age of thirteen. No parts of our Services are directed to or designed to attract anyone under the age of thirteen.
11. Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia residents who provide certain types of personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about certain types of personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To obtain this information, please send an email message to info@primeroots.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message.
12. Do Not Track The Services do not support Do Not Track with respect to the Services at this time. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit www.donottrack.us.
13. Access and Correction You may access and change or correct the personal information you provide to us to receive marketing or other communications from us by clicking the link provided in each email that we send to you.
14. Notices Please send all questions, comments and notices regarding this Privacy Policy to: info@primeroots.com
Grab a seat and eat!
We love meat and we know you do too! Join us as we start a meat revolution with 100% plant-based meats and meals made with koji. We’re nourishing humans and the planet one bite at a time. Get invited to our exclusive virtual and in person events, and be in the know when monthly freebies and giveaways are announced!
Zipcode*
Email Address*
Join the movement
Welcome, fellow Foodie!
Thank you for joining our community of foodies who love flavorful experiences and crave a sustainable food system! We are glad you’ll be a part of co-creating this change with us! Check out our social media for news about upcoming events, community conversations, recipes, and free stuff!
Grab your meats