http://www.adventureboundmen.com/wp/online-privacy-statement
Adventure Bound Expeditions, Inc.
worldwide adventure tours for gay men since 1989
Online Privacy Statement
At
Adventure Bound Expeditions, we recognize the importance of protecting
the privacy of our clients. Except for the statistical information captured
by our web server, such as the time and date of your visit and the domain
from which you are visiting, the only information we collect is information
you supply via our online trip registration form. We do not set or place
any ‘cookies’ at this site.
The
information we collect at this web site is confidential and will be used
for internal purposes only. We will not sell, rent or release any information
gathered at this site to any third party. We have outlined below exactly
what information we gather and how it is used. If you have any questions
about our privacy policy or our web procedures, feel free to contact us:
Adventure
Bound Expeditions
711 Walnut Street
Boulder, Colorado 80302 USA
Phone: (303)449-0990
1-877-440-0990 (toll free)
Fax: 303-449-9038
info@adventureboundmen.com
The
trip registration information we collect is used for our records, so that
we have the necessary contact and emergency information we need to conduct
a well-organized and safe trip. The information we collect is not shared
with other organizations. Should you not want to register online, we have
posted a version of our trip registration form that you can print, fill
out, and mail to the address above, or you can contact us at the address
or phone above and request to have a registration form sent to you by
surface mail.
If
you supply us with your e-mail address when you register, you may receive
periodic e-mail from us with information on upcoming expeditions. If you
do not want to receive e-mail communication from us, check “I do
not want to receive information about future trips” when filling
out the trip registration form. If you receive e-mail communication from
us and do not want to continue receiving it in the future, please let
us know by contacting us via e-mail, phone, or mail. Please provide us
with your exact name and e-mail address.
If
you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings
from us with information on upcoming trips. If you do not want to receive
mailings from us, check “I do not want to receive information about
future trips” when filling out the trip registration form. If you
receive mailings from us and do not want to continue receiving them in
the future, please let us know by contacting us via e-mail, phone, or
mail. Please provide us with your exact name and address.
Statistical
information captured by our web server, such as the time and date of your
visit and the domain from which you are visiting, is used for periodic
web site usage reporting purposes only.
Search for:
Recent CommentsArchives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Home Base
About Us
Upcoming Adventures
Past Adventures
Contact Us
Testimonials
Links
877.440.0990
©2000 - 2017 Adventure Bound Expeditions, Inc. All rights reserved.
Click here to read
our privacy statement
Send us an e-mail.