http://www.wilmingtonyogacenter.com/privacy-policy/
New to Yoga? We Were Once, Too.With 70+ classes per week for all ages + levels of fitness, we have just the class for you! Take Advantage of our Free Intro to Yoga Workshop if you are new to the practice or our Week of Unlimited Streaming Special if you are new to us!
LEARN MORE NOW
Privacy Policy
Wilmington Yoga Center Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 11/10/16. This privacy policy is effective immediately.
Your use of the Wilmington Yoga Center website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Wilmington Yoga Center reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this website is offered.
Wilmington Yoga Center respects the privacy of our users and follows a strict privacy policy. This Privacy Policy is applicable to any personal information which we may receive via the website located at http://www.WilmingtonYogaCenter.com and is devised to help you feel more confident about the privacy and security of your personal details. Be assured that the information you share with Wilmington Yoga Center is kept strictly confidential and fully secure and that Wilmington Yoga Center will never distribute, sell or misuse this information. If you have any questions or concerns about this statement, please contact us at 910-350-0234.
Personal User Data
Proclaim Interactive will only receive personally identifiable information about you if you knowingly and willingly provide the information by contacting us using email or completing and submitting a request for information form on this site. The information you disclose is done so knowingly and willingly, at your sole discretion.
Proclaim Interactive will never share the results of the data it receives with any forms of internet activities.
Third Party Sites
http://www.WilmingtonYogaCenter.com links to other sites in order to provide you with additional useful information and services. Third-party Internet sites and services accessible through Wilmington Yoga Center have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. Wilmington Yoga Center has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy policies of any third-party site you visit.
Advertising Policy
This website uses 3rd party advertising platforms like Google AdWords, Facebook and Google Adwords Remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including but not limited to Google, YouTube and Search Network Partners) to visitors who have viewed our website. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on the history of visitors to our website. Visitor information collected is not personally identifiable and will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page.
User Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and uses of the information detailed herein.
Any changes in our Privacy Policy will appear on this page.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at 910-350-0234.
Thank You for Visiting the Website.
ABOUT WYCOur stunningly beautiful center is perfectly placed in the charming little, big town of Wilmington N.C. and we are growing at an impressive rate. We offer classes for adults and children alike and cater to all abilities.
TEACHER TRAININGThe Wilmington Yoga Center is home to North Carolina’s premier yoga teacher training program. We offer both 200hr and 300hr Yoga Alliance certification trainings so that you can continue your yoga education. Take your love of yoga to the next level with us.
RETREATSWe offer yoga retreats all over the world including India, Costa Rica, Greece and right here in North Carolina’s amazing landscapes. Enjoy a nice relaxing weekend practicing yoga and meditation while also embarking on new adventures.
SEO by: Proclaim Interactive
Home
Yoga Teacher Training
Learn
Practice
Travel
Connect
Blog