http://www.serbbar.org/privacy-policy/
About
About the SBAA
Board
Czar Dušan Award
Major Richard L. Felman Merit Award
Photo Gallery
Resources
Member Center
Member Directory
Scholarships
Member Directory
Membership
Contact
Privacy Policy
The Serbian Bar Association of America (“SBAA”) has created this Privacy Policy to explain its practices on the gathering and disclosure of information on www.serbbar.org, members.serbbar.org, SBAA profiles on social media sites, and any other digital services and platforms officially operated or used by the SBAA from time to time  (collectively, the “Sites”).  All SBAA members and users should consult this Privacy Policy and the SBAA’s Terms and Conditions before using the Sites.
1.     PERSONAL INFORMATION
We request that you provide certain personal information to register for SBAA membership and events, access members-only portions of the Sites, donate to the SBAA Scholarship Foundation, and use certain other features of the Sites, including the features available in the Member Center.  The types of personal information collected may include your name, address, phone number, birth date, billing information, email address, information about your education, practice, or business, and credit card or other financial information.  Providing such information is voluntary, and by providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Policy.  We may use third-party service providers to manage and process such information, and these service providers may have access to your information.
We use your personal information to administer your participation in the Sites, membership in the SBAA, participation in SBAA events, and donations to the SBAA Scholarship Foundation, and to communicate information we think may be of interest to you.  We may use your personal information in a variety of ways, including:
providing service communications such as invoices and dues reminders, membership and event registrations, payment and donation confirmations, and customer service messages;
publishing member directories and information boards, including a job and resume board;
providing members SBAA-related emails and information;
delivering and processing member polls and surveys;
responding to your emails and requests for information; and
providing aggregate statistics about SBAA members and use of the Sites to our sponsors and partners.
Member Directories
The personal information we receive may be published on the Sites, including through member directories.  Member directories will not include sensitive information, such as credit card or bank information, or social security numbers.  You may request that your information be suppressed from directories by selecting “Directory Exclusion” in your online member account or by contacting us via email.
Information Boards
While we restrict Member Center access to members with login and password credentials, please note that information shared on the Job, Resume, and Message Boards in the Member Center may be reviewed and used by other persons beyond the control of the SBAA.  This statement is not meant to discourage you from taking advantage of these resources, but rather to serve as a reminder to use your best judgment when posting content.
2.     NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
To improve the usability of the Sites and for other business reasons, we may collect non-personal information about your use of and visits to the Sites through the use of “cookies” (alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser).  This information does not identify you personally.  Many website browsers allow cookies, but you may edit your browser’s options to block them.
3.     LINKED SITES
We may provide links to other sites of interest or to sites that perform services for us.  We do not review or endorse the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this Privacy Policy.  Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites.  We encourage users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personal information.
4.     INFORMATION SECURITY
While we strive to protect the security of your information, we cannot and do not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.
5.     CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personal data online of, or market online to, children under the age of 13.  Users under the age of 13 and their parents or guardians are advised that any personal information voluntarily entered by children may be available for public access until the SBAA becomes aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has had a reasonable opportunity to remove the information from the Sites.
6.     REVIEWING INFORMATION
A member may review and make changes to his or her information by logging into his or her online member account.  If you wish to discuss any issues regarding your information, you may contact us via email.
7.     CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised Privacy Policy at www.serbbar.org.  We encourage you to periodically review the Privacy Policy posted to www.serbbar.org.