http://www.wsalife.com/privacy.php
Home
About WSA
Who We Are
Our History
Location and Map
Contact Us
Mission Statement
Financial Summary
Board of Directors
Licensed States
Privacy Policy
Products/Forms
Whole Life Insurance
Deferred Annuities
Immediate Annuities
Fraternal Benefits
Glossary of Terms
Download Forms
Fraternal
Fraternal Calendar
Newsletter
WSA Tomorrow
Charitable Giving
WSA Fraternal Life Privacy Policy
At WSA Fraternal Life our hallmark has always been the loyalty of WSA to our members.
As
part of our long tradition of trust, the integrity of our members' financial information has been and will
continue to be paramount.
We are proud that WSA has never shared our members' and customers'
information to outside parties for marketing purposes.
We maintain high standards to safeguard your
personal financial information at all times.
However, Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act as recently enacted by Congress requires the adoption of a
formal privacy protection policy to safeguard non-public personal information.
As a result, the following
is a privacy commitment which has been approved by WSA's Board of Directors for the benefit of our
members.
Following is a summary of WSA's privacy standards.
Please contact us if you have any questions.
Definitions:
We, our and us means WSA Fraternal Life.
This notice is for our members and other customers.
It applies to the following:
Insurance or annuity certificate holders or applicants
Owners of insurance or annuity certificates
Beneficiary(s) of life insurance or annuity certificates
Mortgagors
Non-public personal information means personally identifiable financial information that cannot be found
from publicly available sources such as a telephone book or government records.
Information we collect:
We collect non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others; and
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
Information we disclose about you:
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about you to anyone, except as permitted by law.
The security and confidentiality of your non-public personal information:
We restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to personnel who need that information to provide
you with our products and services.
Our employee communications and training programs reinforce our privacy
policies.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your non-public personal information.
We also use leading security and encryption methods to help us identify and prevent data breaches and
unauthorized disclosure of your personal financial information.
Non-public Personal Information and Former Customers:
We do not disclose non-public personal information about former customers, except as permitted by law.
Important Information About Purchases of Covered Products
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires
all fraternal benefit societies to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who
purchases a covered product.
What this means for you:
When you purchase one of our covered products, we will ask for your name, address,
date of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you.
WSA Fraternal Life
11265 Decatur Street
Suite 100
Westminster, CO
80234
Mail:
PO Box 351920
Westminster, CO
80035-1920
Phone:
(800) 451-7528
(303) 451-1494
Fax:
(303) 451-5112
Email:
Privacy Policy *
*
*
WSA Fraternal Life is not licensed in all states.
Nothing contained herein
should be construed as
a solicitation for insurance or annuity products
in any state in which WSA Fraternal Life is not licensed.
Click here for a compete
list of states in which WSA Fraternal Life is licensed.
*
*
*
Participation in any WSA Fraternal Life event constitutes agreement to the
Terms and Conditions for Participation in WSA Events
Copyright 2020 WSA Fraternal Life