http://www.winnpres.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
JOIN US FOR WORSHIP
Online
AT THE CORNER OF WILLOW AND HIBBARD
1255 WILLOW ROAD • WINNETKA, IL 60093
DIRECTIONS TO THE CHURCH
OFFICE@WINNPRES.ORG
847.446.7777 main
847.446.7790 fax
I'm New
Connect
Serve
Grow
Come
Subscribe To Our Weekly Email
About WPC
Welcome
WPC Staff
What Kind of Church is WPC?
Presbytery of Chicago
Black Lives Matter to God and to Us
What to Expect on Sunday
Life Rituals
Sacraments
Other Life Rituals
Directions
Church History
Online Giving
Stewardship Pledge Forms
Worship & Music
Online Worship Service
What to Expect in Worship
Worship and Music
Music Ministries
Worship Ministries
Online Worship
Children
Sunday School
Children's Mission
Service to the Church
Child Care
Youth
Youth Group
Stay Connected
Adults
10 Day Learning and Action Challenge
Adult Education
Wednesday Bible Study
Creativity In Our Spiritual Lives
Small Groups
Interfaith Activities
Serve
Stephen Ministry
Mission Opportunities
Volunteer Today!
Serve Each Other
Serve the World
Print
Email
Share
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Purpose
Winnetka Presbyterian Church (WPC), recognizes that an individual's privacy is very important to them and that they have a right to control their personal information. WPC acknowledges that when an individual provides personal information about themselves to another party it is an act of trust. In response, WPC takes the process of upholding an individual's privacy very seriously. Unless an individual gives WPC explicit consent to act otherwise, the following policy will govern how WPC handles an individual's personal information and safeguards their privacy.
Scope
The principles contained in this privacy document apply to all personal information collected or submitted to WPC.
1. What information of yours does WPC collect?
WPC collects two different types of information. One type is voluntary information, which you provide, such as registration information for events, membership information, or shipping and billing information. The other type of information WPC collects is user information provided by your computer each time you visit this site, such as IP address, browser. The information that WPC collects helps us to provide information and service to you. We may combine information from other sources with the information that we collect.
2. What does WPC do with the information that is collected?
Any information that you provide to WPC or that is obtained through this web site may be used for church purposes. WCCC will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to commercial entities. WPC will not disclose your name, address, e-mail address or phone number without your express consent, unless disclosure is necessary to comply with laws or relevant legal proceedings.
WPC may offer services to you such as chat rooms, message boards, or other similar discussion forums. Please be aware that any information you divulge in these arenas is deemed public information and is not protected.
3. What are "cookies" and how does WPC use them?
Cookies are information that a web site transfers to an individual's PC for record-keeping purposes (e.g., if you are a Wall Street Journal Interactive user, a cookie on your PC allows you to go directly to the WSJ instead of having to give your user name and password each time). Cookies can save your preferences when you are at a site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and most major web sites use them.
WPC may use cookies to help us see which areas of our web site are more popular, which are not, how they are being used so that we can improve and update our web site to more accurately meet the needs of our users. At some point in the future, if WPC decides to offer personalized services to its users, we will use cookies to make that personalization and customization of the WPC web site possible.
Most browsers (Microsoft Explorer, Netscape) are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to either refuse all cookies or to notify you when you are receiving a cookie and allow you to decide whether or not to accept it.
We do not use cookies to obtain any personal information about you before or after you leave the WPC sites.
4. How does linking to other sites affect my privacy protections?
As a courtesy, WPC may provide links to other sites that are neither owned nor controlled by WPC. Some of these sites may use the WPC logo. These third party sites, however, are NOT subject to or bound by the WPC Privacy Policy. Such third party sites may or may not have their own privacy policies and may or may not collect personal information from you or place cookies on your browser. WPC is not responsible for the privacy policies or any information collection practices of these sites or any damages resulting therefrom.
5. What type of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
The security of the information that you provide to us is very important to us. Consequently, we have taken several measures to protect your information. All transactions involving sensitive information, such as your credit/debit card number and expiration date, are conducted using a SSL (Secure Socket Layer) connection. This connection provides increased security to the information as it is transmitted to our web site.
6. How does WPC protect the privacy of children?
WPC encourages parents and guardians to spend time with their children online. No information should be submitted to or posted on WPC's web site by users 13 years old and younger without the consent of their parent or guardian. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, WPC will not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever for our users 13 years and younger. If any services or features on the site require registration, a user 13 years old and younger will be required to provide the email of the parent or guardian which will allow us to notify that person that the child has registered for a service or feature. Parental or guardian consent will consist of an email from that person to WPC stating that they are aware that the child is using the web site. Identifying a user as 13 or under is not easy and WPC will not be held responsible for anyone misrepresenting as over 13 when in fact they are not.
7. WPC reserves the right to change or amend this policy.
WPC reserves the right to change, amend, or restate this policy.
8. Your affirmative consent to WPC's collection and use of personally identifiable information.
By using WPC's website, you are giving us your express consent to use all the information that we collect about you in the manner described in this policy. This includes the release of such information to third parties as described above.
9. Questions or Concerns?
If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us.
Site Map|Privacy Policy
Winnetka Presbyterian Church
All rights reserved
1255 Willow Road, Winnetka, IL 60093
847.446.7777 main   847.446.7790 fax
close (X)