http://www.lgbtran.org/privacy
X
Donate
Today your visit to this web site is hosted by John D'Emilio in memory of Allan Bérubé.
Your gift of $50 underwrites this web site for one day.
Home / Privacy
Share this on:
Privacy
Thank you for visiting the LGBTQ-RAN website and reviewing our Privacy Statement. LGBTQ-RAN does not collect personal information about visitors to our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. LGBTQ-RAN will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested.Information Collected and Stored AutomaticallyWhen you visit the LGBTQ-RAN website, we automatically gather and store the following information about your visit so that we can track the use of our website in order to make improvements. This information is stored and used in the aggregate only, and is not used to contact you personally:The IP address from which you access our Websites;The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, gmail.com, if you are connecting from a Google account);The type of browser and operating system used to access our Websites;The date and time you access our sites;The pages, files, documents and links that you visit; andThe domain of the website which referred you to this Website (the last website you visited before visiting this one).CookiesIn addition to information collected automatically, we use cookies to support the internal functionality of the website. Cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit, are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and visitor behavior, as well as to record other information from the website. Many improvements to the website are made based on the data derived from cookies.LGBTQ-RAN’s website uses a third-party vendor, Google Analytics, to place cookies and analyze the information collected by cookies. No personally identifiable information is collected. Information that we collect from cookies will not be used to create profiles of individual users and only will be used in aggregate form. The data is retained for as long as necessary to support the mission of LGBTQ-RAN.You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you so choose to do this, you will still gain access to most of the LGBTQ-RAN website. You may opt-out of Google Analytics using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.While LGBTQ-RAN does not place advertising on the LGBTQ-RAN website, LGBTQ-RAN may use the Demographics and Interest reporting feature for Google Analytics for Display Advertising. The data provided by this service (such as age, gender, and interests) is used to better understand visitors to the LGBTQ-RAN website and customize our website to our users’ interest. You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising by visiting Ad Settings.If You Send Us Personal InformationThe LGBTQ-RAN website will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, signing up for an email newsletter, submitting a scholarly contribution (such as a history paper), or making a donation. If you provide us with personal information, we will use it to respond to your inquiry or request. We may also contact you to provide information about LGBTQ-RAN activities, programs, and special events that may interest you. Except as described below, we will not share your name or information outside LGBTQ-RAN unless you authorize us to do so or as necessary to comply with a request by you.  If we send you information by email, you may decline further communication. Please use the contact specified in the email so that we can remove you from the list that contains your name. Contact information is also listed on the Contact Us page of this website.LGBTQ-RAN uses outside vendors to provide certain services, such as companies that process credit card transactions. These third-party vendors will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but may not use your information for any other purpose.Please note that the LGBTQ-RAN also may provide your information to law enforcement, courts, or any other person or entity as required by law.Any further sharing or disclosure requires your consent.SecurityLGBTQ-RAN takes reasonable steps to design and manage our websites’ technology to ensure that its information technology systems, applications, and information technology infrastructure are secure.LGBTQ-RAN uses a reputable third-party service, PayPal, which encrypts personal and credit card information in all donative transactions on the LGBTQ-RAN website.Embedded Plug-Ins, Widgets, and LinksWithin the LGBTQ-RAN website there are embedded applications, plug-ins, widgets or links to non-LGBTQ-RAN Websites (collectively “sites”). These sites operate independently of LGBTQ-RAN and have their own privacy policies even though they may be directly embedded into the LGBTQ-RAN website.  When you view, interact with, or visit these sites, you leave our website and no longer will be subject to our privacy and security policies. LGBTQ-RAN is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of other sites, and such sites are not intended to be an endorsement of those sites or their content.