http://www.aofm.gov.au/privacy
Privacy | AOFM
Skip to main content
Search
Header
About
Contact us
Search
Header
About
Contact us
Main navigation
Menu
Home
Securities
Securities
Treasury Bonds
Treasury Indexed Bonds
Treasury Notes
Program
Program
Issuance Program: Budget 2020-21
Forthcoming Transactions
Investors
Intermediaries
Intermediaries
How to become a Registered Bidder
Issuance and buyback arrangements
Securities Lending Facility
Investment Facility
ABSF
SFSF
Data Hub
Publications
Publications
Speeches
Investor Chart Pack
Research
Annual Reports
Corporate Plan 2020-2021
You are here
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Please note the following with respect to your privacy when you use this website.
Website analytics
To improve your experience on our website, we may use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our website may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party website. The AOFM encourages you to examine each website’s privacy policy.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
Contacting the AOFM by email *
The AOFM will only record your email address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your email address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.
Email subscription lists *
The AOFM uses subscriber emails to send out information (which include planned tenders and tender results). We use MailChimp, which provides online tools that can be used to create, send, and manage emails. MailChimp may collect personal information, such as distribution lists which contain email addresses, and other information relating to those email addresses. For further information about the type of personal information MailChimp collects, refer to the MailChimp Privacy Policy.
We will only use this information to:
create, send and manage emails relating to the work of the AOFM; and
measure email performance.
MailChimp may transfer this information to third parties who process this information on MailChimp’s behalf, or where otherwise required to do so by law. MailChimp collects information about:
when you visit the website;
when you use the services;
your browser type and version;
your operating system; and
other similar information.
MailChimp is based in the United States of America (USA) and is subject to the laws of the USA. The information collected about your use of the AOFM website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by MailChimp on servers located outside Australia.
By subscribing to our emails, you will be taken to have consented to your personal information being used as described above. This means:
You consent to your personal information being collected, used, disclosed and stored as set out in Mail Chimp’s Privacy Policy and agree to abide by Mail Chimp’s Terms of Use.
You understand and acknowledge that this service utilises a Mailchimp platform, which is located in the United States of America (USA) and relevant legislation of the USA will apply.
As you have consented to the disclosure of your personal information to MailChimp, Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 contained in Schedule 1 of the Privacy Act 1988 will not apply.
You understand and acknowledge that MailChimp is not subject to the Privacy Act 1988 and you will not be able to seek redress under the Privacy Act 1988, but will need to seek redress under the laws of the USA.
You can opt out of our mailing list if you choose the ‘unsubscribe’ service provided by MailChimp in every email, or contact us.
MailChimp has the endorsement of TRUSTe’s Privacy Seal, which means Mailchimp’s privacy policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with their program requirements including transparency, accountability, and choice related to the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe is an independent third party that operates a globally-recognised privacy trustmark.
Online forms *
As part of the Government Online Strategy, the AOFM now provides clients with the option of completing some forms online. The AOFM records the information requested on the online forms in a database. The information will only be used for the purpose for which it was requested and will not be distributed further, or disclosed, without your consent.
IP addresses are captured with all submissions.
User feedback *
We seek feedback from our users in order to improve the service offered by the site.  Answering feedback questions is voluntary and does not in any way affect your access to AOFM websites.
* Note Our agency recognises that there can be risks associated with the transmission of information over the internet.
Http logs
When individuals only browse the website and do not submit information in one of the forms outlined above, we do not collect their personal information.
When an individual browses our website, we collect clickstream data in our http logs. These logs are used internally to better develop the site and report on site activity. They are not used for any other purpose. When you visit our website, we make a record of the individual’s visit and log (in server logs) the following information:
the individual’s server address
the individual’s top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .org, .au, etc)
the date and time of visit to the site
the pages the individual accessed and documents downloaded.
No attempt is made to identify you through your browsing other than in exceptional circumstances, such as an investigation into the improper use of the website.
Privacy Policy
For further information, you may wish to read the AOFM Privacy Policy and Privacy Complaint Handling Procedures.
PIA register
The AOFM’s Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) register has been prepared in accordance with section 15(1) of the Privacy (Australian Government Agencies – Governance) APP Code 2017. The PIA register below sets out the PIAs the AOFM has completed since 1 July 2018. This register will be updated as PIAs are completed.
PIA Reference
Title of PIA
Completed
-
-
-
Footer
Related sites
Privacy
Copyright
Disclaimer
Sitemap
Go to access to information
Go to public interest disclosure
Contact us
Stay Informed: Subscriber email
Phone: +61 2 6263 1111
Email: enquiries@aofm.gov.au
Postal address
Australian Office of Financial Management,
Level 3, Treasury Building, Newlands Street,
PARKES ACT 2600
With the exception of the Commonwealth Coat of Arms and where otherwise noted, all material presented on this site is provided under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license as detailed in our copyright statement.
Back to top