http://www.cwis.org/cwis-policy-statement/
CWIS Policy Statement
When you access the cwis.org Web site, you agree to the terms of the Center for World Indigenous Studies Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.
The Center for World Indigenous Studies reserves the right to change the Online Privacy Policy from time-to-time at its sole discretion. Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version of the CWIS Online Privacy Policy at the time of such use.
In the paragraphs below we discuss our approach to
collecting personal information and
how your personal information is used.
We, furthermore, discuss
your choices with respect to personal information and
the steps we take to protect your personal information.
Finally, we discuss
the use of “cookies” and
ways that you may update your personal information
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you engage in certain activities on this site, such as ordering, registering, downloading documents or replying to surveys, the Center for World Indigenous Studies may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, the Center for World Indigenous Studies may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address, e-mail address, your professional title, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. When ordering CWIS publications or services on the site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. Our server is secure for credit card transactions.
When you submit personal information to the Center for World Indigenous Studies on this site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which the Center for World Indigenous Studies, its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including without limitation, the United States of America. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of the Center for World Indigenous Studies.
HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
The Center for World Indigenous Studies collects information provided by you in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you order a publication or service that is to be electronically transmitted, for example, the information is used to register your license and rights.
YOUR CHOICES WITH RESPECT TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
CWIS recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this site. If you do not want the information you provide to CWIS to be used to inform you of other products, services and event notifications, and you indicate this preference when you provide your personal information to CWIS, CWIS will honor your preference.
PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a CWIS user or registering for a CWIS product is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Your Registration Information resides on a secure server. CWIS encrypts your personal information and thereby prevents unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to CWIS.
Personal information that you provide that is not Registration Information also resides on a secure server. Since this information is not accessible from outside the Center for World Indigenous Studies, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.
Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room, such as the CWIS User to User Forums, is available to all persons accessing that site.
USE OF COOKIES
When you visit cwis.org, you can surf the site anonymously and access important information without revealing your identity. cwis.org uses cookies. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, that reminds the server that you are logged in and of your preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some aspects of this website to work correctly, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not view a fully functional website, and may not be able to access some content.)
Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room, such as the CWIS User to User Forums, is available to all persons accessing that site.
UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to correct your personal information at any time.
Please log in to your account and go to MyAccount. There, you may update your personal information, change privacy settings, and more.
We subscribe to online practices protecting personal information and appreciate your visit.
Intercontinental Cry
© 1994-2020 Center for World Indigenous Studies
The Center for World Indigenous Studies is a Nonprofit 501 (c) 3 research and education organization