http://www.caat.org.uk/about/privacy
Search for something
Submit search query
Search
Challenges
Expand dropdown
The Arms Trade
Government support
Who buys UK arms?
Arms companies
Arms fairs
Militarism
Policing
Borders
Alternatives
Expand dropdown
Jobs and the economy
Rethinking security
Arms to renewables
Mythbusting
Take action
Expand dropdown
Campaign with us
Take part near you
Keep in touch
Expand dropdown
Email updates
CAAT News magazine
Media
Donate
Expand dropdown
TREAT
Legacies
Homepage
About CAAT
News
Events
Resources
Terms of useAcceptable Usage PolicyPrivacy PolicyCookie policyAccessibility statement
BACKGROUND:
Campaign Against Arms Trade understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, https://caat.org.uk (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is requested when you use Our Site.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in Part 14, below; and
“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by Campaign Against Arms Trade, a limited company registered in England under company number 08818199.
Address: Unit 4, 5-7 Wells Terrace, London, London, N4 3JU.
We are a member of the National Council for Voluntary Organisations and an Associate Member of Co-operatives UK.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
What Is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “the Data Protection Legislation”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
What Are My Rights?
Under the Data Protection Legislation, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we hold. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to withdraw consent. This means that, if we are relying on your consent as the legal basis for using your personal data, you are free to withdraw that consent at any time.
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 15.
It is important that your personal data is kept accurate and up-to-date. If any of the personal data we hold about you changes, please keep us informed as long as we have that data.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. We would welcome the opportunity to resolve your concerns ourselves, however, so please contact us first, using the details in Part 15.
6. What Data Do You Collect and How?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, we may collect and hold some or all of the personal and non-personal data set out in the table below, using the methods also set out in the table. Please also see Part 14 for more information about our use of Cookies and similar technologies and our Cookie Policy https://caat.org.uk/terms-of-use/cookie-policy/.
Data Collected
How We Collect the Data
Identity information including name.
Sign-up forms for email and CAAT News; donation forms; electronic petition forms; online shop; contact form; blog comments
Contact information including address, email address, telephone number.
Sign-up forms for email and CAAT News; donation forms; electronic petition forms; online shop; contact form
Payment information including card details, bank account numbers.
Donation forms; online shop
Profile information including purchase history.
Online shop
Technical information including IP address, browser type and version, operating system.
Anonymous web server logs
Data from third parties including contact information.
Donation forms; electronic petition forms; online shop
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the Data Protection Legislation, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. The following table describes how we may use your personal data, and our lawful bases for doing so:
What We Do
What Data We Use
Our Lawful Basis
Administering Our Site.
Identity information
Legitimate interest (relating to site feedback or blog comments) and/or your consent
Supplying our shop merchandise to you.
Identity and contact information
Contract
Managing donations or payments for our shop merchandise
Identity, contact, and payment information
Legitimate interest (relating to donations) and/or contract (online shop) and/or your consent
Communicating with you.
Identity and contact information
Legitimate interest (relating to our contact form) and/or your consent
Supplying you with information by email and/or post that you have opted-in-to (you may opt-out at any time by using the unsubscribe link in an email or contacting us).
Identity and contact information
Your consent
Third Parties whose content appears on Our Site may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below in Part 14. Please refer to Part 14 for more information on controlling cookies. Please note that we do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data that they collect and use themselves, and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
We will only use your personal data for the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected unless we reasonably believe that another purpose is compatible with that or those original purpose(s) and need to use your personal data for that purpose. If we do use your personal data in this way and you wish us to explain how the new purpose is compatible with the original, please contact us using the details in Part 15.
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose that is unrelated to, or incompatible with, the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, we will inform you and explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
In some circumstances, where permitted or required by law, we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent. This will only be done within the bounds of the Data Protection Legislation and your legal rights.
How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept):
Type of Data
How Long We Keep It
Identity information including name.
Blog comments: as long as the blog post is published.
Shop merchandise: seven years after last purchase
Electronic petition forms and email/post you’ve opted-in-to: two years after contact with Us ends
Donations: seven years after last donation
Communications: dependent on type of communication
Contact information including address, email address, telephone number.
Shop merchandise: seven years after last purchase
Electronic petition forms and email/post you’ve opted-in-to: two years after contact with Us ends
Donations: seven years after last donation
Communications: dependent on type of communication
Payment information including card details, bank account numbers.
Shop merchandise: seven years after last purchase
Donations: seven years after last donation
Profile information including purchase history.
Two years after contact with Us ends
Data from third parties including contact information.
Shop merchandise: seven years after last purchase
Electronic petition forms: two years or until consent ends
Donations: seven years after last donation
How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We will only store or transfer your personal data within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. This means that your personal data will be fully protected under the Data Protection Legislation, GDPR, and/or to equivalent standards by law.
The security of your personal data is essential to us, and to protect your data, we take a number of important measures, including the following:
limiting access to your personal data to those staff, agents, contractors, and other third parties with a legitimate need to know and ensuring that they are subject to duties of confidentiality;
procedures for dealing with data breaches (the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, your personal data) including notifying you and/or the Information Commissioner’s Office where we are legally required to do so;
Do You Share My Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to the following exceptions.
There are a few occasions when we may share your details with carefully selected agencies, like mailing houses in order to deliver our communications if we do not have the resources to do so in-house, and campaigning tool websites to administer MP lobbying actions. If we do use third-party services, we make sure it is under a contract and in compliance with the Data Protection Act.
The carefully selected agencies we use will only store and use supporters’ information for the purpose of the service we contracted them to deliver. If we have to send your data to a service provider, we will send it securely.
How Can I Control My Personal Data?
In addition to your rights under the Data Protection Legislation, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails and at the point of providing your details).
Can I Withhold Information?
You may access Our Site without providing any personal data at all.
You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14 and our Cookie Policy https://caat.org.uk/terms-of-use/cookie-policy/.
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
How Do You Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve our services. By using Our Site you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. In addition, Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics, which also use Cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how people use Our Site. For more details, please refer to our Cookie Policy https://caat.org.uk/terms-of-use/cookie-policy/.
How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details:
Email address: enquiries@caat.org.uk.
Telephone number: 0207 281 0297.
Postal Address: CAAT, Unit 4, 5-7 Wells Terrace, London N4 3JU.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our organisation in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 26 September 2020.
CAAT would not exist without its supporters. Each new supporter helps us strengthen our call for an end to the international arms trade.
Keep in touch