https://www.foodbankwma.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
About Us
Who We Are
Special Initiatives
Member Agencies
Newsroom
Contact
Get Help
COVID-19: Pantry & Meals Updates
Brown Bag: Food for Elders
Mobile Food Bank
Nutrition Program
SNAP Outreach & Enrollment
Additional Programs
Get Involved
Volunteer Opportunities
Advocate
Special Events & Campaigns
The Kitchen Cabinet
Conduct a Food Drive
Donate
One-time Donation
Monthly
Donation
Honor/Memorial
Donation
Learn
Local Hunger Facts
Nutrition & Hunger
Nutrition Tips
Additional Resources
More Information
Careers
FAQ
Leadership Team
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Board Resources
Search:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
LinkedIn
Newsletter
Share This Site
Close
Select Language:
The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts shares your concerns about privacy on the Internet. In order to better protect your privacy, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts has provided this notice explaining its online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on the Site.
The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts’ Collection and Use of Your Information
In the course of using the Site, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts may ask you for your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, fax number as well as other relevant information. The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 2000 or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited.
How The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts Uses the information
The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts uses the non-personally identifiable information (“Aggregate Data”) to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts to personalize your Internet experience. The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts may use the Aggregate Data to analyze Site usage as well as create services and/or products to fit your needs. The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
Except as otherwise indicated, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide about yourself: (a) to respond to any of your inquiries or questions about our services; (b) to provide you additional and updated information, materials and other advertisements regarding the The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts services; (c) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, or as otherwise required by law; (d) to protect the security or integrity of the Site; (e) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (f) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, however, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts encourages all its business Partners to adopt and adhere to standards of protection consistent with this Privacy Policy. The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts will not use the Personal Information, except as set forth herein, without your permission; provided, however, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts shall own all such Personal Information and maintain copies of such as part of its records.  The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts will not share your information with third parties.
Unless the donor has registered using the specific form on our website, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts will not solicit donors with electronic marketing communications.  If at any time a donor or interested party wished to discontinue receipt of mailings from The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, contact a representative at 413-247-9738 or at info@foodbankwma.org and you will be removed from our mailing list.
Security; No Liability
The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of any information under The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts’ control. The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts protects your online order information by using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) technology. SSL encrypts your order information to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts. Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on the Site, and The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. You understand that data and communications, including e-mail and other electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet. Furthermore, the Site contains links to other web sites. The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts is not responsible for nor can The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
IP Addresses and Cookies
Like other web sites, The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts’ servers, to administer the Site and for security purposes.
“Cookies” are pieces of data sent from a Web server to a Web browser that enable a Web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts may use Cookies in order to identify you to our site so that The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts can provide more customized information and services to you. In addition, our site may contain advertisements that may contain Cookies. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of Cookies by reviewing your browser’s preferences and options.
A Special Note about Children
The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts does not knowingly gather any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  You must be 13 years of age or older to access the Site.  The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts has no interest in collecting information from children under the age of 13.
Modification of Privacy Policy
The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts may change this Privacy Policy at any time, by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued viewing of or use of this Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
How to Contact The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts for Any Reason
You may contact The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, updating any personally identifiable information or anything else related to The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts and/or this Site at www.foodbankwma.org or at 413-247-9738.
Find a food pantry or free meal during the COVID-19 crisis
Please refer to this schedule to find free meals or a food pantry.
Donate
Advocate
Volunteer
Participate
Sign-Up &Stay Informed
Sign-Up to Receive Newsletter
First NameLast NameEmail*