https://www.youthhostelministry.org/privacy-statement/
Search
Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementYouth Hostel MinistryThe Shelter Youth Hostel Ministry ("YHM" or the "website") respects the privacy concerns of the users of its website, www.youthhostelministry.org, and the services provided therein. YHM thus provides this privacy statement to explain what information is gathered during a visit to the website and how such information may be used on this site.About the Information We CollectAutomatically Collected Anonymous InformationWhen you visit our website, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged as it is for most websites. This may include information about your IP address, domain name, browser type, mobile device type, access time, and referring website address. This information is not personally identifiable and is only used in aggregate (not in any way that personally identifies you).Personally Identifiable InformationPersonally Identifiable Information (PII) is any information about you as an individual that would enable someone to contact you; for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address. We may ask for such information when you subscribe to an email newsletter, apply for our ministry volunteering program, participate in an online survey, post a comment, enter a contest or sweepstakes, or use a service or tool such as emailing a page.We will not collect any PII about you unless you provide it. Providing any PII to us is voluntary. If you do not want us to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it.ApplicabilityThis privacy statement applies to the processing of:Information provided by potential or future volunteers or visitors of the website;Data obtained as a result of your visit to and use of our website.Your dataWe collect only the information that you voluntarily provide on our forms. If you complete a contact information form, you may be added to our general distribution mailing list, if requested, and may be sent periodic updates about the work of the YHM. This information is not made available to third parties. Visitors can browse through the Youth Hostel Ministry website without providing any personal information.We collect personal data (name, place of residence, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth) to recruit new volunteers and to inform you with updates from our ministry. The collection of personal data happens via the website when you sign up for our newsletter or when you register as a volunteer. This information is not provided to third parties for commercial purposes.Viewing, changing or deleting dataYou can request access to the data we have recorded about you at any time or have it changed or deleted. You can submit your changes via info@youthhostelministry.org. You could also use this e-mail address to inform us if you no longer want to receive news updates. E-mailWhen you subscribe to our newsletter, you will receive a news update by e-mail from our ministry every three months. YHM uses an e-mail marketing system that collects data about mail the amount of openings and clicks within the news updates. Through this data collection, YHM will further optimize the content of the news updates and tailor it to interests of readers.Unsubscribe newsletterDo you want to receive fewer or no messages from us? You can unsubscribe any time via the link in the newsletter or you can unsubscribe by sending an e-mail to info@youthhostelministry.org.Visit our websiteCookies are used for the YHM website. A cookie is a small file that is stored on your hard disk by a server and is only recognized by the server that stores the cookie. A cookie does not register personal details such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or other items that can be traced back to you as a person.As a website visitor, you are explicitly asked for permission when you visit our website for the first time. If you wish, you can change the settings in browser to refuse cookies. Data securityYHM has taken technical and organizational measures to protect personal data against loss or any form of unlawful processing. In this way we ensure that personal data is only accessible to employees who are authorized to do so by their job. We only use the personal data for the purposes for which they were obtained and therefore for compatible purposes.Questions about our PolicyIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us. Last modified: May 2018
© Copyright 2020 All Rights Reserved. Read our Privacy Statement here.