http://www.cis.org.au/privacy-policy
The Centre for Independent Studies
Ideas for a better Australia
DonateMembership
About CIS
Mission & HistoryStaffBoard of DirectorsAcademic AdvisorsMax Hartwell Scholar-in-Residence
Liberty & Society Conferences
What is Liberty & Society?
PreCIS Annual Review Research Scholars
Contact Details
Research
Finance, Banking, Monetary Systems
Government Spending
Labour Market
Population
Tax
Housing
Economics NZ
TARGET30
Regulation
Childcare
Economic Policy
Religion
Cancel Culture
Socialism
Free Speech
Culture, Prosperity & Civil Society
School funding
Teaching
Curriculum
Disadvantage
Higher Education
Education
China
South Asia
India
Pacific
General
Foreign Policy NZ
Foreign Policy
Indigenous Affairs
General
Federalism
Government and Politics
General
Classical Liberalism
The Nanny State
Ideas about Liberty NZ
Law
Ideas about Liberty
Health
Civil Society
Family Life
Welfare State
Social Policy NZ
Social Policy
Experts
Research ScholarsAdjunct ScholarsContributors
EVENTS
Upcoming Events
Acton Lecture SeriesJohn Bonython Lecture SeriesL&S Student ConferencesLeadership LunchesPast EventsScholar-in-Residence Series Photo Gallery
Podcasts
Commentary
Opinion & Commentary
Ideas@TheCentre
For The Media
Podcasts
Videos
Quotes Gallery
POLICY Magazine
Find an Expert
BOOK STORE
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Centre for Independent Studies Privacy Policy
The Centre for Independent Studies (CIS) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information in our care.  Personal information collected at the Centre for Independent Studies through the CIS website is handled in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles (APP). This CIS Website Privacy Statement describes the ways in which CIS deals with personal information and other data collected through CIS websites.
Types of personal information collected
In most cases the CIS collects personal information and other data from you when you register for an event, subscribe to a newsletter, donate or become a member of the CIS or purchase a book.
The CIS may be provided with personal information about an individual from a third party, for example from third parties who give a gift subscription or membership.
The type of information collected includes (but is not limited to) name, address, email address, contact details, company association, involvement with the CIS.
How is this information used by the CIS?
The CIS uses personal information primarily for the purpose of facilitating membership obligations, processing payments and communicate with you to provide updated information on research, news, events and other activities via email.
To stop receiving information from the CIS you can follow the unsubscribe information at the bottom of each email. You can also email office@cis.org.au or call (+612) 9438 4377.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
The CIS holds, uses and discloses your personal information for the purpose disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorised or required by law. Generally, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
(a) to provide our services to you;
(b) to maintain our business relationship, where you are a user of our website, social media platforms or a supporter;
(c) to answer your inquiry;
(d) to trusted third parties who provide services to us, such as, secure mailing programs, mailing houses, banks and auditors. These third parties may be located in The United States of America and must comply with similar undertakings of privacy and confidentiality as CIS;
(e) we may also release personal information to regulatory or law enforcement authorities, if they require us to do so; and
(f) we may also seek your consent to collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for any other purpose not listed above.
Security
The CIS uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures to safeguard personally identifiable information in its possession against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Remember to close your browser when you have finished a user session. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet café. You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer.
Digital services
A Cookie is a packet of data that a website puts on your computer’s hard disk to identify you as a visitor to that website. It allows the server to identify and interact more effectively with your device.The cookie assists us in maintaining the continuity of your browsing session (e.g. to maintain a shopping cart) and remembering your details and preferences. The information collected by CIS through Cookies and other means may include: your server address; your domain name; your IP address; the date and time of your visit; the pages accessed and documents downloaded; the previous site visited; the type of browser you used. You may choose to disallow Cookies through your web browser settings.
You can configure your web browser to reject and delete cookies and block JavaScript, but you may find that you will have limited functionality.
Our systems record a variety of information in relation to interactions with our online services. This can include information about software versions used, device types, device identifiers (like IP address), location data (where available and not disabled by the user), dates, times, file metadata, referring website, data entered, and user activity such as links clicked.
Access, Further Information and Complaints
You are entitled to access to all personal information held by the Centre for Independent Studies which identifies you. If you would like to exercise your right of access please contact the CIS whose details are set out below.
office@cis.org.au
Centre for Independent Studies
131 Macquarie St
Sydney NSW 2000
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The CIS is continually monitoring privacy developments and accordingly, from time to time may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, self-regulatory initiatives and/or technology. Amendments to the CIS Privacy Policy will be posted on www.cis.org.au
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Site Map
SMH: Dipping into super for first-home deposit EPOCH TIMES: Racist claim against Coon cheese distorts Australia’s social cohesionSMH: Are heads of Australian universities worth a million dollars?ABC: When should royal commissions be appointed?
DONATE
MEMBERSHIP