http://www.nog.ca/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Policy:
The Agency requires all employees and former employees to maintain confidentiality with respect to information pertaining to its operations including: financial, human resources, and program delivery, and current and discharged clients, employees and community members affected by such.
Rationale:
Maintenance of confidentiality is both a legal requirement and respects the rights of community members and employees.
Procedure:
Prior to commencing work, all employees, consultants, and volunteers, are required to sign a Confidentiality Agreement Form in duplicate, one of which is placed in their personnel file. At the time of the employee’s performance evaluation, the confidentiality agreement shall be reviewed and a new confidentiality agreement may be signed.
Breach of Confidentiality is defined as “the disclosure of information, intentionally or unintentionally, to an individual who is not entitled to that information”. The disclosure of confidential information may be considered sufficient cause for progressive discipline or immediate termination.
Examples of breach of confidentiality include but are not restricted to the following:
Conversations with a member of the Board of Directors regarding a client or finance and personnel Issue outside the area of job or board role/responsibility.
Meetings and conversations regarding clients, with persons from outside The Agency including friends and relatives of the client where Consent to Release Information has not been signed.
Conversations with a member of the Board of Directors regarding a client or finance and personnel Issue outside the area of job or board role/responsibility.
Posting information about a client on a bulletin board or leaving client-related material unattended in a work area for extended periods of time or in unlocked vehicles.
Release of Information to the press or for educational purposes where no Consent to Release Information has been signed.
Preparing materials for public relations or publication purposes, including the taking of photographs, where no Consent to Release Information has been signed.
Employee records containing personal information are protected under the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, 2000, c.5 (PIPEDA) and must be held in strict confidence. These records shall only be used for the purpose of administering the employee’s contract, unless consent to other use or disclosure is provided by the employee. Any unauthorized use of employee’s personal information may be subject to discipline, as well as charges under PIPEDA.
All other documents and information held by the Agency is the property of the Agency and shall be treated with the strictest confidence. Information shall not be shared with anyone outside of the Agency unless Consent for Release of Information has been signed or where required to comply with legislation.
210 B Gran St, Batchewana First Nation, ON P6A 0C4
Toll Free: 1 (800) 465 0999