http://www.fraud.org/privacy_policy
Privacy Policy - Fraud.org
Toggle navigation
Fraud Alerts
File a complaint
Common Scams
Credit, debt, and loans
Fraud against older adults
Health fraud
Identity theft
Money-making scams
Phony prizes and sales
Scams of the heart
Tech scams
About us
Get involved
Our impact
FAQs
Donate
Privacy Policy
National Consumers League’s Fraud.org The National Consumers League’s Fraud.org provides advice about telemarketing and online offers and transmits information reported by individuals about suspected telemarketing and Internet fraud to law enforcement agencies. The mailing address is:
NCL’s Fraud.org c/o National Consumers League 1701 K Street NW, Suite 1200 Washington, DC 20006
What information is collected?
When individuals contact the Fraud.org for advice, online or offline, their names and physical or email addresses are collected temporarily in order to respond to them.
Individuals who report suspected telemarketing or Internet fraud are asked for their names, addresses, phone numbers at home and work, email addresses, years of birth, method of payment (but not account numbers) and the names and contact information of the sellers involved.
The Fraud.org collects the names, affiliations, phone and fax numbers, and email addresses of law enforcement investigators who have arranged to receive fraud reports.
Some individuals send letters or faxes to the Fraud.org that contain personally identifiable information.
When people visit www.fraud.org, NCL can obtain information from its Internet Service Provider about what countries they came from, what Web sites they visited immediately before, the most popular Web pages visited, and the total number of visitors.
Web visitors’ names, email addresses and other personally identifiable information are not collected unless they make a donation, fill out membership or subscription forms for the Alliance Against Fraud in Telemarketing, or use the online reporting form to report fraud or ask for advice.
How is personally identifiable information used?
People who ask for advice, online or offline, may be sent educational materials and information about the National Consumers League. Their names and contact information are not retained.
Information that individuals report about suspected telemarketing or Internet fraud is kept in a secure database and transmitted, with their permission, to the appropriate law enforcement agencies.
Information that individuals report about suspected telemarketing or Internet fraud is also transmitted to certain credit card issuers and associations, courier companies, and bank clearing house operators when the individuals have made payment through their services. In those cases, all personally identifying information about the complaining individuals is removed before transmission.
Personally identifying information about the individuals who report suspected fraud and the names of the sellers are not shared with the media or the general public, without that individual’s permission.
The Fraud.org does not share the names and contact information of law enforcement investigators who receive fraud reports except with other investigators or unless they give their affirmative consent to share that information for a specific purpose.
Individuals who report suspected fraud are sent educational materials and information about the National Consumers League.
When individuals who contact the Fraud.org make a donation or become members of NCL, they continue to receive information about NCL activities.
Payment information in connection with donations or memberships is shared with others only to the extent needed for processing.
Who do I contact if I have questions or concerns about this privacy policy? If you have any questions or problems concerning NCL’s privacy practices, contact info@nclnet.org or (202) 835-3323.
Do you like this page?
Share
Tweet
Email
Sign Up for Fraud Alerts
Optional email code
Email
Zip Code
Sign up to email updates
Home
Fraud Alerts
Counterfeit Drugs
Common Scams
Home
Fraud Alerts
Counterfeit Drugs
Common Scams
Search
Fraud.org is a project of the National Consumers League.
Copyright © 2020 National Consumers League. All Rights Reserved.
1701 K St NW suite 1200, Washington, DC 20006
·
(202) 835-3323
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Created with NationBuilder