http://www.retirementvillages.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Call us on 01372 383950
Request a
free
brochure
Menu
Home
Retirement Living
Helpful Information
Retirement Life
Open Events
Moving into a village
Selling your home
Renting a property
Hints and Tips
Property Search
Our Villages
Avonpark
Blagdon Village
Castle Village
Cedars Village
Charters Village
Debden Grange
Elmbridge Village
Gittisham Hill Park
Gradwell Park
Lime Tree Village
Mayford Grange
Moat Park
Park Place
Roseland Parc
Thamesfield
The Priory
Care Options
FAQ
News & Blog
News
Blog
Residents’ Blog
About Us
Careers
Why Work With Us
Meet The Board
Customer Care
Our History
Corporate Governance
Our Future Developments
Contact Us
Request to your free magazine
HomeRetirement LivingHelpful InformationRetirement LifeMoving into a villageSelling your homeRenting a propertyHints and TipsFAQYour Community ConnectProperty SearchOur VillagesEastern Counties
Lime Tree Village - Warwickshire
Moat Park - Essex
Debden Grange - Essex
Park Place - Lincolnshire
Home Counties
Castle Village - Hertfordshire
Cedars Village - Hertfordshire
Charters Village - West Sussex
Elmbridge Village - Surrey
Gradwell Park - East Sussex
Mayford Grange - Surrey
Thamesfield - Oxfordshire
South West
Avonpark - Wiltshire
Blagdon Village - Somerset
Gittisham Hill Park - Devon
Roseland Parc - Cornwall
The Priory - Devon
Want to visit one of our villages?
contact us
Care OptionsEastern Counties
The Moat House - Essex
Park Place Care Home - Lincolnshire
Home Counties
Charters Court - West Sussex
Thamesfield Nursing Home - Oxfordshire
South West
Avonpark Care Homes - Wiltshire
Gittisham Hill House - Devon
Roseland Court - Cornwall
News & BlogBlogResident BlogNewsAboutCoronavirus (COVID19) Advice for VisitorsMeet The BoardOur HistoryOur Future DevelopmentsCareersWhy Work With UsCustomer CareCorporate GovernanceCorporate InformationCorporate Social ResponsibilityComplaints ProcedureSafeguarding PolicyPolicies and ProceduresContactOffers
Home / Privacy and Cookies
Introduction
What information we collect
Information that relates directly to you
Information that does not identify you
Cookies
Controlling cookies
What cookies we use and what they are for
Third Party Services
Receiving email marketing from Retirement Villages
Signing up to receive updates from Retirement Villages
How we use the information we collect
How we store your information
Introduction
This privacy policy sets out how Retirement Villages Group Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Retirement Villages Group Ltd when you use this website.
Retirement Villages Group Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Retirement Villages Group Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from May 2018.
What information we collect
Information that relates directly to you
You may provide this information to us when making an enquiry or by signing up to receive our newsletters. When you do this we may ask you to provide us with your name, email address, address or telephone number. We will only ever use this information to provide you with the information you have requested from us. Where we would like to use the contact details you have provided us with for any other purpose we will inform you and obtain your consent before proceeding.
Information that does not identify you
When someone visits www.retirementvillages.co.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it. You can read the Google’s privacy policy here and opt out of Google Analytics tracking using a browser add-on found here.
Cookies
Our website (www.reteirementvillages.co.uk) uses cookies to collect non-personal information including standard internet log information and details of your behavioural patterns upon visiting our website pages. We do this to provide you with a better experience, identify preferences, diagnose technical problems, analyse trends and to improve our website.
Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices by websites for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on the website. We may also use cookies to record login details on your device or computer. This helps to determine whether a particular device previously visited our website so that the login details would not have to be re-entered each time you visit our website.
Controlling cookies
Most browsers allow you to choose whether to accept cookies or not. If you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, please set your browser preferences to reject all cookies, before accessing Retirement Villages. Please note that by doing so some features of the website you visit may be unavailable.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
The cookies we use and their purpose
Cookie name
Cookie provider
Purpose
Lifetime
Type
www.facebook.com
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
-17648 days
Marketing
IDE
.doubleclick.net
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user’s actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser’s ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
390 days
Marketing
_ga
.retirementvillages.co.u k
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
730 days
Statistical
_gat
.retirementvillages.co.u k
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
0 days
Statistical
_gid
.retirementvillages.co.u k
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day
Statistical
Fr
.facebook.com
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers
90 days
Marketing
>Third Party Services
We use use a variety of services hosted by third parties, including:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
It stores Cookies, IP Address and Usage Data.
We use this service to allow us to improve our website experience for users.
CRM system
We use a CRM and Property Management system to store data provided voluntarily by website users when they make an enquiry or sign up to our email newsletter.
It stores Personal User Data submitted voluntarily via Website forms including First Name, Last Name, Phone Number, Email Address and Postal Address.
Retirement Villages utilise this data to respond to enquiries, which are made and manage our retirement village properties.
Linkedin
LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation) – The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
It stores Cookies and Usage Data.
We use this service to allow our website users to easily share content from our website to LinkedIn.
Pinterest
The Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Pinterest platform provided by Pinterest Inc.
It stores Cookies and Usage Data.
We use this service to allow our website users to easily share content from our website to Pinterest.
Facebook
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.) – The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
It stores Cookies and Usage Data.
We use this service to allow our website users to easily share content from our website to Facebook.
Google Plus
Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.) – The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
It stores Cookies and Usage Data.
We use this service to allow our website users to easily share content from our website to Google Plus.
Google Maps
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
It stores Cookies and Usage Data.
We use this service to allow us to display locations of our villages to our website users on embedded maps.
Twitter
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
It stores Cookies and Usage Data.
We use this service to allow our website users to easily share content from our website to Twitter.
Mandrill
Mandrill (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.) – Mandrill is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
It stores Email address and Usage Data.
We use this service to send emails from our enquiry forms and website.
Disqus
Disqus is a content commenting service provided by Big Heads Labs Inc.
It stores Cookies, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
We use this service to allow our website visitors to add comments to blogs on our website.
Digital Ocean
DigitalOcean is a hosting service provided by DigitalOcean Inc.
It stores various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service found here
We use this service to host the website and its content and technologies.
Amazon Web Services
Amazon Web Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazo n.com Inc.
It stores Various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service found here.
We use this service to host the website and its content and technologies.
Campaign Monitor
Campaign Monitor is an email address management and message sending service provided by Freshview Pty Ltd.
It stores personal data such as name, email address as well as preferences such as the village people would like to hear about and also usage data.
We use this service to send our email newsletters to people who sign up to receive them.
Receiving email marketing from Retirement Villages Group Ltd
Signing up to receive updates from Retirement Villages Group Ltd
By signing up to receive the Retirement Villages Group Ltd newsletters you are giving consent for us to contact you with information relevant to our services via email.
You have the right to remove your consent to receive marketing communications from us at any time. Please email info@retirementvillages.co.uk to let us know you no longer want to receive communications from Retirement Villages Group Ltd. If you have received our newsletter and do not wish to continue to receive it, you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter.
How we use the information we collect
Retirement Villages Group Ltd as a data controller
What is our legal basis for processing your information?
We process information about you for certain legitimate business processes (also referred to as legitimate interest), which include some or all of the following:
To respond to enquiries
To improve, modify or personalise our services and communications to you
To provide communications which we think will be of interest to you
To determine the effectiveness of our marketing activity, including direct marketing like emails and online advertising
Internal record keeping
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure we keep your personal data rights in high regard.
You have the right to object to this use of data.
Please contact us via info@retirementvillages.co.uk if you wish to obtain a copy of your personal data that we currently hold or if you wish Retirement Villages Group Ltd to delete your personal data that we currently hold.
How we store your information
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with normal commercial standards. The data will not be sold or passed to any other organisation or individuals without your express permission.
We review the information we store on an annual basis to ensure information is only stored for as long as necessary.
Head Office
01372 383950
info@retirementvillages.co.uk
3rd Floor
123 Victoria Street
London
SW1E 6RA
All media enquiries 01138980700
Find your ideal village
map-svg
Created with Sketch.
Avonpark Village - Wiltshire
Search by Postcode
or
Sign up for email news
TitleMrMrsMsDrFirst nameLast nameEmail
Which villages are you interested in?
Avonpark Village
Blagdon Village
Castle Village
Cedars Village
Charters Village
Debden Grange
Elmbridge Village
Gittisham Hill Park
Gradwell Park
Lime Tree Village
Mayford Grange
Moat Park
Park Place
Roseland Parc
Thamesfield Village
The Priory
Stay connected
By subscribing to our newsletter, you are agreeing to be contacted via email about our products and services, as well as other content, including news and events, that may be of interest to you. We will always treat your information with the utmost care and in accordance with our privacy policy.Newsletter Opt-in*
Please keep me updated with email news
GDPR Consent DateGDPR IP AddressPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
Property Search
Care Home Search
Our Villages
Your Lifestyle
Our Residents
Frequently Asked Questions
About Retirement Villages
News
Blog
Meet The Board
Customer Care
Careers
Contact Us
Sitemap
Privacy and Cookies
Media
Our Villages
Avonpark (Wiltshire)
Blagdon Village (Somerset)
Castle Village (Hertfordshire)
Cedars Village (Hertfordshire)
Charters Village (West Sussex)
Debden Grange (Essex)
Elmbridge Village (Surrey)
Gittisham Hill Park (Devon)
Lime Tree Village (Warwickshire)
Mayford Grange (Surrey)
Moat Park (Essex)
Park Place (Boston)
Roseland Parc (Cornwall)
Thamesfield (Oxfordshire)
The Priory (Devon)
01372 383950
Retirement Villages Group Ltd. Registered Office: 3rd Floor, 123 Victoria Street,
London,
SW1E 6RA.
Registered in England and Wales Number 05335724. Affiliations: ARCO; HBF; Housing Ombudsman Service; The Property Ombudsman.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating through the tabs.
For more information read our Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes