http://www.refintl.org/privacy-policy
Home
Our Story
Our Mission
What We Do
Annual Report 2019
Our Work
Regions
Issues
Reports And Briefs
Advocacy Letters
Events and Speeches
Refugee Advocacy Lab
Our People
Advocates
Staff
Board
Advisory Council
Blog
Media
Contact Us
Statements
Get Involved
Giving 2020
Events
Ways to Give
Join Our Team
Newsletter Signup
Donate
Donor and Website Visitor Privacy PolicyPrivacyRefugees International deeply respects the privacy of its donors and website visitors. Visitors are not required to provide personal information to use most of the website's features. Exceptions include the following features: Donate; Take Action; Email Newsletter Sign Up.When personal information is requested, please rest assured that this information will only be used to alert you to periodic updates (if you have indicated that we may do so) and to help us improve the site and develop new features based on general user preferences. We will not share any individual information that you provide with others. Any visitor information disclosed will consist solely of aggregated information on a set of visitors. This aggregate information is used to better understand site usage patterns in an effort to better serve the needs and interests of our visitors.How We Use Donor InformationWe will never publish, sell, trade, rent or share names (unless released for publication), e-mail or mail addresses, or telephone numbers of our donors. The organization will use contact information (e-mail, telephone number and address) of donors for these purposes only:•    Distribute receipts for donations •    Thank donors for their donation •    Inform donors about upcoming fundraising and other activities •    Internal analysis and record keeping •    Reporting to relevant U.S. and State agencies (these reports are not for public inspection) •    Contact donors about changes to this policy However, properly anonymized donor information is used for promotional and fundraising activities. We allow donors the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation unless the donor explicitly chooses the "anonymous" field when donating online. In all other cases the default is for staff and volunteers to assume all donations are not to be publicly announced unless the donor explicitly indicates otherwise. Comments given in donor forms are published in public lists and may be used in promotional materials while comments sent to us via email, fax or telephone are kept strictly confidential.Privacy and Terms of Use of Refugees International Web SiteIf you wish to help promote awareness about refugee situations, please feel free to print, download, or share the information and materials you receive at www.refugeesinternational.org. However, please note that many of the materials within this site, or linked to this site, are copyrighted by various organizations and subject to their copyright terms.We do ask that you limit your use of the material to non-commercial use. And, wherever possible, please cite www.refugeesinternational.org.Use of PhotosMany of the photos used in this site have been provided by individual photographers and may not be used without explicit permission from the photographers. Please contact us if you are interested in using these images.If you would like to review the electronic information Refugees International has collected on you, please call 202-828-0110 x207 to request this information, unsubscribe from our mailing list, or make corrections to collected personal data.