http://www.worldvision.com.au/about-us/our-policies/your-privacy
Your Privacy
We have updated our Privacy Policy.
Protecting your privacy is very important to us because we are committed to valuing people – our supporters and volunteers – as well as the children and communities we serve. Our Privacy Policy below sets out how your personal information is collected, used and protected. The Australian Privacy Principles, the ACFID Code of Conduct and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard also apply to us.
By providing your personal information you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Collecting your information
We collect and store your name, address, telephone number, email, payment card details (including transaction details/history), date of birth, authorisations, records of your communication and interaction with us and details/history of preferences, interests and behaviour relating to products, services and activity with our digital services. Typically, we collect these types of information directly from you. We may also collect these types of information about you where the information is publicly available. For example, we collect information from third parties or other organisations that World Vision Australia has an arrangement with to provide joint services for marketing purposes. In some circumstances, such as if you participate in a field trip through us, we may collect sensitive information (such as your health or medical information) so we can prepare appropriately for the trip.
We also use “cookies” to track visits to our website, social media profiles and your interaction with our digital services such as emails. A "cookie" is a small text file placed on your computer by our web server which can later be retrieved by our web servers. You can choose if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your preferences and options in your browser.
Cookies are used for marketing and personalisation purposes, to provide you with a better and more customised service and with a more effective digital experience. They may do this by:
allocating an identification number to your Internet browser;
determining if you have previously visited the World Vision website;
identifying pages on our website or third party websites you have accessed.
World Vision Australia may collect information about how you use our digital services to tailor our services to you. For example, we may do this when you click on a link on our emails or website, visit a website which displays World Vision advertisement, or engage with us online via social media platforms like Facebook. Usually the information we collect in this way is only general information derived from cookies, however some information may be able to identify you.
World Vision Australia also uses advertising companies (e.g. Google and Facebook) to deliver online advertising where World Vision Australia banner advertisements are placed on third party websites. When you view a World Vision Australia advertisement on a third party website, the advertising company uses cookies and in some cases 'web beacons' to collect:
the server your computer is logged onto;
your browser type;
the date and time of your visit; and
the performance of our marketing efforts.
When you visit and interact with a third party website, you should familiarise yourself with that third party’s privacy policy.
If World Vision Australia does associate information about your use of World Vision website or our digital services with personal information we hold about you (for example, if you have been logged onto myworldvision.com portal or followed a link sent to you by email), any use or disclosure of that information will be in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can find out more about cookies by looking at our Website Rules.
We collect information about you when you:
fill out a form online, at one of our stands or sent to you in the mail;
complete a survey, pledge or petition;
contact us by email or social media;
call us;
send us photos or recordings;
make a donation online, over the phone or at one of our stands;
go on an field trip with us (e.g. visiting your sponsor child or a project area);
register for services, including services provided by our partners; and/or
use our digital services or those of our advertising partners (like Facebook).
We need certain information to meet your expectations as a supporter; we can’t give you a tax receipt or send you information about your sponsored child, community or program if we don’t have your name, email and address. If you apply to work with us (including as a volunteer) then we will collect information (such as your work experience and references) so that we can make a decision about this.
Sometimes we might have photos or stories about you if you have visited your sponsored child or gone to one of our events.
Sometimes we might collect your information from someone else:
1. from parents or guardians if you are under 15; and
2. where we buy a marketing list you have agreed to be on.
Sometimes we might collect and/or ask you for sensitive information because:
we are very careful about who visits children in the communities we partner with, so will ask you for a criminal record check; and
we are curious about what makes you passionate about poverty and justice issues; like your faith, your values or your opinions, as this helps us communicate with you better.
To opt out, call us on 13 32 40.
Using and sharing your information
We will use your information to help us provide, administer, improve and personalise our communications to you (including direct and digital marketing), engage, and manage our relationship, with you. For example, if you are a supporter, we will use your information to process your donations, newsletter subscriptions, change of details, and to tell you about our work including via email, SMS, Facebook message and/or other social media platforms.
It is important that we tell you about how your support is making a difference to the children, families and communities we serve together. We will also encourage you to learn more about poverty and justice issues and let you know about other opportunities to partner with us. This is what it means for you to be part of the World Vision family. You can set your own preferences for how you will hear from us by contacting us.
This may also include processing payments, managing promotions, providing refunds, verifying your identity, conducting market research, maintaining and updating our records, dealing with enquiries from you and working with our service providers.
We may monitor and record your communications with us (including email and telephone) for security, dispute resolution and training purposes.
Sometimes we have to disclose your information to other people for a specific purpose, such as when you need a criminal record check so that you can visit a community. We generally don’t disclose your information to anyone else - importantly, we never rent, sell or exchange your personal information without your consent. Where we tell you about opportunities with other partner organisations, we will not give your information to them; it will be up to you to contact them directly.
Using, storing and disclosing your personal information overseas
World Vision, like most other organisations, uses technologies to deliver our marketing services, including digital services, to provide a more efficient and consistent experience across our services. These technologies may have data centres overseas and need to host our data in locations both local and overseas.
We may also share your information with other parts of World Vision’s global network, like sharing your name and address with the World Vision office in the country where your sponsored child lives so that they can write to you. This information is sent to World Vision International (which stores its information in Malaysia) and accessed by the World Vision entity in the relevant country. If you go on a field trip with us we also share personal (including sensitive) information overseas with other World Vision entities so they can plan and prepare appropriately for the trip.
In either case, this does not change our commitment to safeguard your privacy. World Vision expects our overseas offices and external service providers to also look after your information carefully and take adequate measures to safeguard your personal information.
We may use, disclose and/or store your information overseas, or use cloud service providers if any of our technical systems are located or need to process data overseas (for example, social media channels), but this does not change our commitment to safeguard your privacy. We require our external service providers to handle your personal information carefully, lawfully and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The countries and territories in which we use, disclose and/or store supporter data are:
Malaysia;
United States;
Singapore;
The European Union; and
Hong Kong.
You give us your consent to disclose your personal information including sensitive information outside Australia. You understand that by giving us this consent, you may not be able to seek redress in the overseas jurisdiction if the overseas recipient handles information in breach of the Australian Privacy Principles. Your consent however does not in any way lessen our commitment and the measures we take to safeguard your privacy but it may waive our legal liability under APP 8.1 for any breaches of the Australian Privacy Principles by such overseas recipients.
Keeping your information safe
Our website uses secure response forms when we ask for your personal and payment card details and we will take reasonable steps to keep your information secure by having safe systems in place. Under Australian privacy law we are required to delete or de-identify your personal information when we no longer need it unless required by law (or a court/tribunal order) to keep it.
World Vision Australia takes reasonable steps to preserve the security of cookie and personal information in accordance with our website terms of use and Privacy Policy. If your browser is suitably configured, it will advise you whether the information you are sending us will be secure (encrypted) or not secure (unencrypted). If secure transmission is indicated, World Vision Australia currently uses 256-bit TLS encryption as a minimum.
World Vision complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) to ensure all sponsor and donor credit card information is securely transmitted, processed and stored. Our employees and service providers are also expected to keep personal and payment card information confidential and secure.
World Vision Australia regularly reviews developments in security and encryption technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Accordingly, although World Vision Australia strives to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we take reasonable steps to preserve the security of the information in our own systems.
Resolving your privacy issues
At World Vision Australia we really value the contribution our supporters make to our work, so if you have a complaint please let us know. If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our handling of your personal information, please contact us as set out below.
A Privacy Officer will oversee the management of any complaint. A member of the World Vision Australia team or the Privacy Officer will contact you within 30 days of receipt of your complaint. After that, if you are not satisfied with our management of your complaint, you can also contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner as follows:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:
Post:                                              GPO Box 5218, Sydney
NSW 2001
Phone:                                           1300 363 992
Email:                                             enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Web:                                               www.oaic.gov.au
Here’s how to get in touch:
The World Vision Australia Privacy Policy can be found online at www.worldvision.com.au or by calling our Contact Centre. You can:
call us on 13 32 40 (Monday to Friday between 9am-6pm AEST, excluding national Public Holidays);
email us at feedback@worldvision.com.au; or
go here, and choose ‘Feedback’ as the ‘Nature of your enquiry’
Seeing and updating your information
You can see and update key information by logging in to My World Vision or you can access all your information by contacting us.
If at any time, you want to know what personal information we hold about you please address your request to the Privacy Officer.
If you wish to correct or amend any personal information we hold about you, please contact us. If you wish to have your personal information deleted, please let us know and we will take reasonable steps to delete it unless we need to keep it for legal, auditing or internal risk management reasons. Under the Privacy Act and other relevant laws, we are required to provide our reasons if we are unable to process your request.
If we use personal information in ways other than as stated in this policy, we will ensure we comply with the requirements of Privacy law.
Protecting children and young people
If you are 15 or over, we will usually assume that you can make your own privacy decisions. Where you are under 15, we may need to confirm your decision with a parent or guardian.
We also expect you to take special care with the images of children from our programs, just as we do. Please honour the consent given by parents or community leaders by not copying these images unless we tell you that you can.
Please refer to our Website Rules for guidance on how you can use images from our website and our Child Protection Standards for further guidance on use of child images generally.
Changing this Privacy Policy
You agree and accept that your use of World Vision Australia website indicates your acceptance of the World Vision Australia website terms of use and Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in March 2019, and is the current Privacy Policy. It replaces any other Privacy Policy for World Vision Australia published on the website to date. World Vision Australia may make changes to this policy from time to time without notice. Any changes will be reflected on this page. You accept, that by doing this, World Vision Australia has provided you with sufficient notice of the variation.
How can I update/view my details online?
Log on to My World Vision using your email address and password, or register here. Then click 'Account Details' from the main menu, and choose 'Personal Details' under that. You can edit any of your details from the Personal Details page.