https://www.cfozarks.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 2019
Introduction
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks (herein referred to as “The Community Foundation of the Ozarks”) appreciates that privacy is important to you and is committed to protecting the confidentiality of Personal Information and handling Personal Information with integrity and with an understanding of its sensitive nature. As such, The Community Foundation of the Ozarks has created this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy” or the “Policy”), and all employees of The Community Foundation of the Ozarks are expected and required to abide by this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise.
For the purposes of this Policy, Personal Information is information that can be used to directly or indirectly to identify a living individual. Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, sensitive categories of information, herein referred to as Sensitive Personal Information, such as information that reveals racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership, health, sexual or gender orientation.
This Policy is designed to protect Personal Information under applicable law as it exists. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks understands that laws and circumstances may change quicker than the Policy can be adjusted to fit and that this Privacy Policy cannot address every possible issue and circumstance. As such, this Privacy Policy is subject in all respects to local legal and regulatory requirements, as well as existing agreements, and The Community Foundation of the Ozarks confirms that the company will comply with any such requirements and existing agreements.
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks web site at https://www.cfozarks.org (the “Site”) provides you with information about The Community Foundation of the Ozarks, its products and services, and in certain circumstances, allows you to purchase products or services or sign up to receive further information about The Community Foundation of the Ozarks. In order to provide you with access to this information about The Community Foundation of the Ozarks, and the ability to purchase products and services offered by or through the Site, certain Personal Information is collected from visitors to the Site. This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you about the types of information that are collected, as well as our use of such Personal Information, and sets forth the guidelines The Community Foundation of the Ozarks uses in protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Site, any other The Community Foundation of the Ozarks site that is linked from http://www.cfozarks.org, as well as your use of the Community Foundation of the Ozarks’s social media web sites and pages, including without limitation, YouTube™, Facebook®, LinkedIn ®, Twitter®, and Instagram®, which are all included in the definition of “Site”. This Privacy Policy shall also be deemed part of The Community Foundation of the Ozarks site Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Information that The Community Foundation of the Ozarks collects in connection with this Site. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks gathers Personal Information and will distribute this information only within The Community Foundation of the Ozarks in an effort to meet your needs and respond to your information requests.
We note that if you are a The Community Foundation of the Ozarks employee, contractor, supplier, customer or another partner, the use and protection of Personal Information may be subject to additional contractual obligations between us, including without limitation, additional The Community Foundation of the Ozarks policies.
Personal vs. Non-personal Information
Personal Information
Personal Information may be collected from you as you use the Site. Personal Information generally is information that personally identifies you in some way(s). Examples include your name, address, birth date, email address, phone number, other data collected when purchasing our products or services, education, employment, credit card, or other credit information. Additional examples include information submitted through our call centers, by joining a mailing list, by participating in social media events, contests or surveys, and signing up for email alerts or distributions. If during your visit to this website you submit Personal Information to us, you are choosing to provide us with your Personal Information and you agree that it will be used to provide the information, products or services that you request (including information on additional products and or services which The Community Foundation of the Ozarks reasonably thinks may be of interest to you) and you consent to the Community Foundation of the Ozarks' use of your personal information to improve or market The Community Foundation of the Ozarks’s products or services. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks does not knowingly request or collect Personal Information from any person under the age of 13 and we ask that any individual who is under the age of 13 to refrain from using our Site or submitting any Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information includes general information about your visit to the Site that is not personal information or does not personally identify you. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks' web server will recognize your domain name, which will be collected to monitor general use of the Site and for improvements to the Site, our products, and services. Similarly, cookies provide non-personal information which allows us to track the anonymous use of our Site, including use and traffic statistics each time you visit by placing small data files placed on your hard drive by the Site. Cookies also make the Site more convenient and easier to navigate for you, but they do not collect personal information. Cookies can be ‘session cookies’ (which are deleted when you close your browser) and/or ‘persistent cookies’ which remain on your computer for a longer period of time. Further detail on cookies is discussed below. You can disable or reject the use of cookies, by modifying the appropriate settings on your browser. Note that by doing so, however, you will likely not enjoy the full functionality of the Site.
Use, Disclosure, and Protection of Personal Information
It is The Community Foundation of the Ozarks’ intention to obtain Personal Information only by fair and lawful means and to use the Personal Information to service your needs and requests. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks will not process Personal Information in a manner incompatible with the purposes for which it was originally collected unless later authorized by the individual from whom the information was collected or unless allowed by law. We will not keep Personal Information longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was originally gathered.
When do collect and process Personal Information about individuals, we will disclose certain information to those particular individuals on a reasonable and timely basis upon written request of the individuals from whom the Personal Information was collected. The disclosed information will include what Personal Information is being collected, who is collecting it, how and for what purposes it is being collected, how it is being us and to whom it is being disclosed. We will allow individuals reasonable access to their Personal Information to verify, correct or delete their data, where inaccurate.
We may also use Personal Information to process an order made through the Site, including shipping and returns of such order, and for organizing and submitting customer satisfaction reviews. We may also use such Personal Information to support marketing for our products and services and to enhance the content and use of our Site.
In order for the Community Foundation of the Ozarks to provide our products and services, we may need to share your Personal Information with other companies, agencies or contractors affiliated with The Community Foundation of the Ozarks. We will always seek to ensure that it is kept secure and only used in accordance with your instructions and agreed purpose.
Further, we may use and disclose Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with laws, regulations, court orders, government agencies or investigations and similar legal instructions, to resolve disputes, and to protect the Community Foundation of the Ozarks rights and property.
Additionally, we may also contract with other third parties to provide services, such as shipping, payment processing, contact verification, market research, and organization of promotions, or other subcontractors; however, we will provide these contractual parties only with the Personal Information necessary to perform the work for which they were contracted.
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks and its third-party providers may use cloud-based tools, and in such an event, data might be processed in countries outside the United States. In such cases, the Community Foundation of the Ozarks and any such provider will agree to the necessary terms as required by law to protect Personal Information.
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks will process Personal Information only with the consent and when such processing is permitted by applicable law. If The Community Foundation of the Ozarks needs to process Sensitive Personal Data, which is very rare, The Community Foundation of the Ozarks will obtain explicit consent for such processing, unless such processing is permitted by applicable law.
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks will not sell Personal Information to any third party and we will take commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of such information, in accordance with our contractual obligations as well as in compliance with those laws applicable in the states and countries in which we conduct business (and you should be aware that laws in all jurisdictions are not the same, and that some may have stricter requirements than others). Further, to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and use, The Community Foundation of the Ozarks maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, and requires those to whom we disclose Personal Information to do the same. We are committed to making sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date but it is your responsibility to let us know if your Personal Information is inaccurate or out of date and we can only make changes to your personal information if you notify us.
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks will retain your Personal Information only for so long as it is helpful to support the overall purpose for which we collected the information.
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks may use third-party service providers, such as Google Analytics, to help analyze how users use the Site. By visiting this web site you are agreeing to our use of cookies for these purposes. For example, services like Google Analytics collect information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other personally-identifying information. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages are visited, and what other sites are used prior to coming to the Site. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google®. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with other personally identifiable information. The Community Foundation of the Ozarks uses the information we get from Google Analytics
only to improve our Site and Services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
Out of Marketing Communications
Your Personal Information may be used to provide you with information regarding additional opportunities and information about The Community Foundation of the Ozarks products and services; and accordingly, by using the Site and providing such Personal Information, you consent to such use. However, to the extent required by law, we will provide mechanisms for opting out of mass marketing communications targeted by Personal Information we have collected or otherwise obtain consent in the manner required by applicable law. These mechanisms will normally be available on the relevant email or web site, but you may always notify us at the address specified below under “Contact Us”. Requests to opt out of communications based on data controlled by third parties must be made through a third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there may be some jurisdictions requiring stricter opt-in versus opt-out mechanisms relating to these types of communications and we will comply with the applicable laws in such locations.
External Links; Public Social Media
This Site may provide links to other third party websites, including social media sites. These links are provided to you for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. Even if the third party is affiliated with The Community Foundation of the Ozarks, if you choose to use these links, The Community Foundation of the Ozarks is not responsible for the conditions or results of use, privacy policies or practices, or the content of such external links or the person or entity responsible for them. You should review the applicable terms of use and privacy policy provisions of such third party websites before using them.
Furthermore, any information you submit in a public forum or social marketing site that is publicly available (such as a chat room, public posting or blog, whether or not sponsored by The Community Foundation of the Ozarks) can be read, collected, or used by us as well as others, and could be used to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit through these media, and although we attempt to monitor user-posted content, such user-posted material is not subject to this privacy statement. Use of any The Community Foundation of the Ozarks-related social media or marketing site may also be subject to additional policies and terms of use, which you should review before posting any such public information.
Other The Community Foundation of the Ozarks Sites
This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Site, as specified above. However, other The Community Foundation of the Ozarks websites may have their own respective privacy policy or other privacy-related terms posted. Those other privacy terms and conditions shall apply to privacy-related issues regarding that other site and the use of any services, functionalities or other offerings made in connection with other sites, and this Privacy Policy shall not apply in such circumstances.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
The Community Foundation of the Ozarks may amend this Policy at any time by posting a revised version on this Site, without providing prior notice to you. Any such amendment will be effective at the time it is posted unless a delayed effective date is expressly stated in the revised version. Your continued use of this Site after such changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Enforceability
In the event any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy shall be held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be unimpaired, and the unenforceable provision shall be replaced by such enforceable term or provision as comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable term or provision. This Privacy Policy shall be subject to and do not alter any other agreements you have entered into with The Community Foundation of the Ozarks.
Applicable Law
This Site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by The Community Foundation of the Ozarks from its offices within the State of Missouri, United States of America. By accessing this Site, you agree that all matters relating to your use of this Site and the terms of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the statutes and laws of the State of Missouri, and the federal laws of the U.S.A., without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. The application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and the model Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act approved by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws (as enacted and/or modified into any state law in the U.S.A.), are expressly excluded and shall not apply.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Learn More About the CFO
Giving With the CFO
What We Do
Who We Are
Our Mission
Contact Us
Careers at the CFO
News & Resources
Donate Now
© Copyright 2020 Community Foundation of the Ozarks.
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Site by Mostly Serious