http://www.aviddetention.org.uk/cookie-and-privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
Search form
Search
Home
About Us
News & Events
View the map
Members area
Donate
Share on facebookTweet thisShare on Google+Pin ItAdd to linkedin
Cookie and Privacy Policy
AVID Privacy and Cookie Policy
AVID respects your privacy and we commit to protecting any personal data collected from you as a visitor to our website, supporter, members, donors, funders, volunteer, visitor or detainee.
Where you apply for a vacancy with AVID, we process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Who we are
AVID, the Association of Visitors to Immigration Detainees is a registered charity in England and Wales (charity number 1156709). This Privacy Policy applies to personal data which is obtained by AVID for which AVID is a data controller.
Personal data we may collect from you
We may collect the following personal data, including:
Name;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Contact preferences;
Bank account details for membership fees; and/or
Details of detention if you are a detainee.
If you are a job applicant, we may collect the following personal data, including:
Name;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Your employment history;
Your academic training records;
References from your former employer; and/or
Any other personal data you may submit as part of your job application.
We may also collect and process information about your interactions with us, including the details about our contacts with you through email, post, on the phone or in person (e.g. the date, time and method of contact), details about donations or funding you give to us, events or activities that you register for or attend and any other support you provide to us.
If you are a detainee or a family member or acquaintance of a detainee, we may collect details related to your/the detainee’s particular situation (e.g. Home Office number, detention centre, how you were detained). We do not actively seek any sensitive personal data from you but will process such information if it has been provided by the detainee and it is relevant and necessary to assist the detainee.
How we may use your personal data
We may use your personal data to:
Provide you with information about our work or our activities;
Invite you to participate in our events;
Process donations and funding we may receive from you;
Manage your membership;
Fundraise;
Provide detainee details to the relevant visitors groups and individual visitors;
Manage administrative matters (e.g. contact you regarding an event for which you have registered, respond to a query regarding a donation you have made to us);
Manage internal record keeping related to any donations or feedback;
Provide email or newsletter to keep you informed of our activities and for marketing purposes;
Analyse and improve our internal processes; or
Where we are required by law, disclose or otherwise use your information
If you are a job applicant, we may use your personal data for the purposes of assessing your application and suitability for the job you have applied for. We may also reach out to your former and/or current employer to verify your employment with them.
Use of cookies on our website
By using our website, you agree that, unless you have set your computer’s browser to reject them, we may place the types of cookies on your device as set out in our Cookie Policy below.
.
How we share your personal data
We may share your personal data with service providers acting on our behalf. We enter into contracts with the service providers that require them to comply with data protection laws and to ensure they have appropriate safeguards in place to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal data.
We may disclose your personal data if we are requested or required to do so by a regulator or law enforcement, in order to enforce or apply our rights or to protect AVID, or in order to comply with any other applicable legal/regulatory obligation.
How we protect your personal data
We take appropriate measures to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date, and that we only keep it as long as is reasonable and necessary.
We may transfer your personal data to countries which may not have the same data protection law as the country in which you initially provided the information. However, we protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection law.
Why are we allowed to use your personal data
We use your personal data based on several laws including:
The Data Protection Act 1998;
The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 (as amended and replaced from time to time); and
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (as amended and replaced from time to time).
Generally, our processing of your personal data as described in this Privacy Notice is allowed by these laws because:
We have a legitimate need to carry out the processing for the purposes listed above;
It may be required by law; or
We have obtained consent from you to process personal data, for example to send you marketing communications.
Your rights and choices
You have the right or choice to:
Opt-out of some collection or uses or your personal data, including the use of your personal data for marketing purposes;
Access your personal data, rectify it, restrict it or object to its processing, or request its deletion;
Withdraw any consent provided; and
Where applicable, lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
If you would like to opt-out from any communications we send you by email, please use the opt-out functionality included at the bottom of the email. Alternatively and to exercise your rights as explained above, please contact us as provided below.
You can make a complaint or raise a concern about how we process your personal data by contacting us as provided below.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in how we use your personal data. Please visit this website periodically in order to keep up to date with the changes in our Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or our processing of your personal data, please contact:
AVID
115 Mare Street, London E8 4RU
enquiries@aviddetention.org.uk
0207 281 0533
AVID Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website.
Types of cookies
First party cookies
We use first party cookies on our website. First party cookies are cookies that are served directly by the website operator to your computer, and are often used to recognise your computer when it revisits that site and to remember your preferences as you browse the site.
Third party cookies
We may use third party cookies served by a service provider on behalf of the website operator, and can be used by the service provider to recognise your computer when you visit other web sites. These cookies are most commonly used for website analytics purposes.
AVID website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of the website and compile reports for us on activity on the site. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States of America. Google may also transfer this information to third parties on Google's behalf in accordance with applicable data protection law. You can opt-out from Google Analytics cookies through their website.
Session or persistent cookies
In addition, cookies may be either 'session cookies' or 'persistent cookies'. Your computer automatically removes session cookies once you close your browser. Persistent cookies will survive on your computer until an expiry date specified in the cookie itself, is reached. We use both session and persistent cookies.
What we doopenImmigration DetentionopenVisitingopenGet Involvedopen
Find out more about our work
What we doSupporting our membersAdvocacy & PolicyInformation Provision & Awareness RaisingOur PublicationsDetention Monitoring GroupCOVID 19close
Find out more about Immigration Detention in the UK
Immigration DetentionWhat is immigration detention?Detention CentresDetention in PrisonDetention PolicyAre you in detention?Useful PublicationsPost detention supportScrutiny and Oversightclose
Information on volunteer visiting across the UK
VisitingHow to Become a Volunteer VisitorWhat is visiting?Visitors GroupsAVID Detention HandbookHidden StoriesExperiences of visitingclose
How you can help
Get InvolvedBecome a memberSubscribe to our mailing listSupport AVIDVolunteer with AVIDclose
avidContactSite informationFollow us on twitterJoin us on facebookDonateAVID,Wework, Keltan House, 115 Mare Street London E8 4RU
Footer menu
Terms and Conditions
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Association of Visitors to Immigration Detainees Registered charity no:1156709 Site by EffusionT 0207 281 0533
E enquiries@aviddetention.org.ukCopyright © 2020
All Right Reserved
Funded byLottery Funded