https://www.divorce-education.com/privacy-statement/
The Center for Divorce Education respects your privacy.
The following statement is our online privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time so please re-read this policy periodically.
What we gather from you and how we use the information:
The Center for Divorce Education collects visitor data and analyzes traffic on our site. This information helps us understand customer interests and helps us improve our website.
When you visit our site a short text file called a cookie is downloaded to your computer. A cookie is used to store small amounts of information. This information is collected for traffic analysis only. The cookie does not contain personal details. Depending on the browser that you use, you can set your preferences to block/ refuse cookies, and/ or notify you before they are placed. We do not sell, give, or trade the statistics to any third parties for data-mining or marketing purposes.
When you sign up for a class or submit our contact form you provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address, financial information (such as payment details and credit card details) and your contact information.
The personal information you provide through our online forms are used to get in touch with you to answer your questions or if we have questions for you. Financial information collected is used to bill the user for any products and services for which they have opted to purchase.
A note on security:
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. A password must be entered to log in to your account and in order to manage your account. All personal information is fully encrypted during all transactions. Please note, however, that no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure. As a result, while we endeavor to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you transmit such information to us at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission we endeavor to ensure the security of your personal information on our systems.
Contacting us:
If you wish to contact us for questions regarding this privacy statement or to correct, update or otherwise modify the information that you have provided to us, please email us at staff@divorce-education.com.
Avoid exposure to Covid-19 when attending an in-person class. Courts are accepting our online class. No need to sit indoors for four hours, wear a mask, and worry about social distancing. Take our class safely at home!