http://www.chinmayamission.com/terms-of-use
Chinmaya Mission
Welcome to chinmayamission.com.
The owner and operator of this website is Central Chinmaya Mission Trust (“CCMT”). The words “we”, “our” or “us” refer to CCMT.
Use of this website is subject to, but not limited to these Terms of Use, Conditions and Policies:
PRICING
1. Except where otherwise stated, all prices are in Indian Rupees.
2. From time to time, a limited number of products on our online catalogue may be inadvertently priced. If a product’s correct price is higher than our quoted price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. For Further information refer to our Pricing Policy.
3. Where an item is shipped from India its price (including any applicable delivery and order charge) is inclusive of Service Tax. For further information refer to our Pricing and Shipping Policy.
DELIVERY
4. Please ensure the delivery address and receiver’s name for your order is accurate and complete (including any business name if shipping to a work address) as we are unable to change any details once the order has been placed. CCMT will not take responsibility for any orders that go missing due to incorrect delivery information provided by you.
5. You must notify us within 6 weeks of the despatch date as recorded in your account if you have not received an item. After this time no refund will be issued for any missing orders. For further information refer to our Return and Refund Policy.
PAYMENT
1. CCMT does not sell products to persons under the age of 18 years.
2. Payment must be made on purchase with a valid credit card or other payment methods deemed acceptable by CCMT.
3. CCMT reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content or cancel orders at our sole discretion.
ONLINE ACCOUNT
4. If you use this website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities (authorised or unauthorised) that occur under your account.
REVIEWS AND COMMENTS
5. You and third parties may post reviews, comments, suggestions or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, a breach of privacy or intellectual property rights or otherwise injurious or objectionable to third parties and must not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation or any form of spam.
6. CCMT has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. CCMT takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. CCMT will be indemnified for any claims resulting from such content posted that is a breach of the above paragraph.
7. If content is posted, unless otherwise stated, you grant CCMT a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such content in any media throughout the world. You grant CCMT the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
DISCLAIMER AND RELEASE
8. The information contained in this website may contain technical inaccuracies, typographical or bibliographical errors. All liability of CCMT howsoever arising for inaccuracies, errors or omissions is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
9. CCMT makes no representations or warranties of any kind that this website, information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this website including emails sent from CCMT are free of viruses or other harmful components. CCMT will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this website or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this website, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
10. All products purchased from CCMT is delivered under a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss for such products pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
COPYRIGHT
11. CCMT is the copyright owner of the content of this website, including but not limited to, images, characters, icons, book titles, audio visual data used in this website. No permission is given in respect of the use of any of the above, and such use may constitute an infringement of international and local copyright laws.
12. Except as permitted by the Copyright Act 1957 (as amended) no part of this website may be reproduced, adapted, performed in public or transmitted in any form by any process (graphic, electronic or mechanical, including further copying, recording, taping or by a storage and information retrieval system) without the express written permission of CCMT.
VARIATION
13. CCMT reserves the right to change these terms and conditions and policies without notice, in accordance with the law and CCMT’s business practices.
SEVERABILITY
14. Any term, condition or policy that is invalid or unenforceable will be read down so as to be valid and enforceable, and if that is not possible, the term, condition or policy will be severed to the extent of invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the remaining terms, conditions or policies.
DISPUTES
15. These Terms of Use are governed by the laws in force in the State of Maharashtra, India and you irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Maharashtra, India and any courts which may hear appeals from those courts.
PRIVACY
16. Our privacy policy governs the use of this website. For further information refer to our Privacy Policy.
OUR POLICIES
PRIVACY POLICY
Collection and use
The website is committed to protecting your privacy.
CCMT collects and uses your personal information for the purposes of operating the website. Such information is generally supplied when you register details, place and pay for an order or provide comments. Generally, the information collected includes customer name, address, delivery address, phone number and other contact details (fax, email etc), merchandise information (purchases, orders etc), and method of payment including credit or debit card number and expiry date. By obtaining the above information, CCMT may process your order and communicate with you.
You are not obliged to provide us with your personal information; however if you choose not to provide us with the information we request, we may not be able to provide you with the information or service you have sought, including the purchase and delivery of items from this website.
All information provided by you is on a secure server.
Disclosure
CCMT does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
CCMT may release account information when it believes, in good faith that such release is reasonably necessary to:
a) comply with the law;
b) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements;
c) protect the rights, property or safety of the website, our customers or third parties
CCMT may also disclose information to Chinmaya Mission entities, located in India or overseas in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
COMMUNICATIONS POLICY
When you transact with our website you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive ongoing communications from CCMT.
CCMT can communicate with you by electronic means or by post. All agreements, notices and other communications that CCMT provides you in electronic format satisfies any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
PRICING AND SHIPPING POLICY
Pricing
The price of the products is deemed to be the price of the latest batch of product in stock. CCMT, however, has the right to display or change the product at a price other than the quoted price. CCMT carries out all transactions in good faith. In case there is a discrepancy in the quoted price (taking into consideration fuel surcharge, service tax, packing and courier charges) and the realised price once finalising your order, it is the responsibility of the customer to inform CCMT. CCMT is not obliged to fully or partly honour the claims made by the customer once he has carried out the transaction on the website. Discrepancies will be settled on a case by case basis.
1. Books: – Total Amount (displayed) = Product list price + service tax + packing charges + courier charges + fuel surcharge (on courier charges)
2. CDs, DVDs and other products:- Total Amount (displayed)= Product list price + service tax + packing charges + courier charges + fuel surcharge (on courier charges)
Delivery
All attempts will be made to deliver your purchase to the nominated shipping address. However, from time to time, CCMT may require a different address. You should ensure that the shipping address in your account is current. Once your order is fully processed, purchased products are packed with utmost care for delivery.
Mode of delivery:
Orders from within Mumbai
1. Mode: All the orders from within Mumbai are sent through local carrier.
2. Delivery: It usually takes approximately 2 working days to reach its destination within Mumbai.
Orders from outside Mumbai (within India)
3. Mode: All such orders are sent through Courier by Road / Air through our designated carriers.
4. Delivery: It usually takes approximately 4-5 working days for courier to reach its destination within India. Where there is no courier service available, the books would be sent through registered post, not through Express Post).
Registered Air Mail (SAARC Countries Other than India)
5. Delivery: It usually takes approximately 10-12 working days to reach its destination through Registered Air Mail.
Countries other than India
CCMT DOES NOT ship products to any location outside of India. CCMT directs you to other Chinmaya Mission websites where you can purchase products online. Please visit the following links:
North America: Chinmaya Mission West – www.chinmayampublications.com
Australia: Chinmaya Mission Australia – http://www.chinmaya.com.au/shop
United Kingdom: Chinmaya Mission UK – http://www.chinmayabooks.com/
CCMT is not responsible for any delay that occurs in delivery by the courier agency or any other agency contracted for this purpose. The products are delivered directly to you in a non-commercial manner.
The order size limit has been framed so that no custom clearance requirement is incurred in any of the SAARC countries. However, CCMT does not guarantee nor indemnify you for any penalties imposed on account of custom clearance required in the delivered country based on the laws of the land in force at that time.
CCMT is also not responsible for any delay in delivering the product in case it is held up by custom authorities on account of required legal clearances and penalties. The penalties so arising shall be borne by you in whose name and address the product has been delivered to.
In case of multi-volume sets, overweight books and similar, the charges incurred may be extra, in which case we will communicate with you prior to despatch.
RETURN AND REFUND POLICY
Products upon purchase cannot be returned to CCMT unless:
i) The product delivered is different from the one ordered online and no replacement of the ordered product is possible;
ii) The product delivered is accepted by CCMT as having a manufacturing, printing or recording defect;
iii) The product satisfying either of the above conditions is returned in a good and acceptable condition by you.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Back to Top
We Recommend
CORD
Follow Guruji on Facebook
Gurudev's Wallpapers
Inspiration Line of Pujya Gurudev
Journey To The Truth