http://www.citywomen.org/cpages/cwn-i-and-b-policy-statement
Join our Mailing List
Login
Home
About CWN
Our History
Our Mission
Our Purpose
Our Board
Committees
External Advisors
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Inclusion and Belonging Policy
CWN Code of
Practice
Membership
CWN Community
Individual Membership
Corporate Membership
Events
CWN Events
Charity Partner Events
Events Calendar
Partnership Events
Past Events
Charity Partner
Charity Partner
Charity Selection
News
CWN D and I Policy Statement
CWN Inclusion and Belonging Policy Statement
The focus of City Women Network (CWN) is to support our members to be the best they can be by finding purpose, unlocking diverse talent and empowering contribution to good business. CWN aims to create the time, space and energy for members to connect, to network and to flourish in a climate driven by inclusion, well-being and belonging.
Purpose has the power to maximise both human and business potential. Our mission is to enable our members to engage with their authentic selves and to bring their purpose to life through connectivity and collaboration, shared learning, trusted relationships and, not least, having fun. We are here to support and mobilise responsible leaders of today; driving inclusion, diversity and belonging across their businesses and investing in individuals today to be the leaders for tomorrow.
Inclusion for CWN is about celebrating and valuing what makes us all unique, embracing and walking towards difference not away from it. Belonging is fostering a non-judgmental safe environment where everyone feels valued, empowered and able to contribute and reach their full potential. CWN believes that inclusion is central to leveraging diversity and the way business is done. Diversity without inclusion and belonging may achieve compliance but will not achieve a long term shift in ways of working.
CWN regards wellbeing as a central element of inclusion and belonging. Wellbeing is the experience of health and happiness and includes having good mental health and the ability to manage stress. It also includes having a sense of fulfilment and purpose in life. Inclusive environments foster an enhanced feeling of wellbeing and support a positive sense of self. The reverse is also true - people who feel a sense of well-being are also more inclusive.
CWN members and its wider community foster a culture of tolerance, dignity, acceptance and respect and an environment that is free from barriers and discrimination, regardless of difference.  We acknowledge difference in all its forms and embrace the provisions of The Equality act 20101 which legally protects people from discrimination in workplaces and the wider society based on 9 characteristics.
At CWN we listen to each other, engage in dialogue, and respectfully debate issues - we succeed through connection. Pooling our ideas and collective knowledge is fundamental to our ability to innovate and ultimately what makes us successful.
The scope of this policy applies to all our members including those on the Board and committees, individuals and corporate members and those with whom we partner.
Our inclusion and belonging principles:
CWN will commit to:
Provide an environment and culture which demonstrates inclusion, belonging and wellbeing not only in its actions but also in its words, values and behaviours
Proactively call out bias, discrimination or harassment when we see this in others, but also acknowledge when we see this in ourselves
Engage with all stakeholders fairly - including individual and corporate members, local communities, charitable initiatives, interest groups, professional bodies and industry
Seek opportunities to promote inclusion, belonging and wellbeing by connecting and collaborating with our members, partners and other stakeholders to do so
We will listen and act on any issues, allegations or concerns that are brought to our attention and investigate and address these in a fair and respectful way.
Contact
For any questions on our Diversity and Inclusion policy, provide feedback or report any concerns related to this policy, please contact us at: admin@citywomen.org or T: 0330 133 1045 to be directed to either Uma Cresswell, President, CWN or Patricia Galloway, Vice President, CWN  or any of our board members as available on our website.
CWN may update this policy from time to time. Please check this page accordingly to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective as of 22 April 2020.
[1] The Equality Act 2010 describes ‘protected characteristics’ in full as: age, disability, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, pregnancy and maternity, marriage and civil partnership.
About
Our History
Our Mission
Our Purpose
Our Board
Committees
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Inclusion
and Belonging Policy
CWN Code of Practice
Tweets by CityWomenLondon
×Close
Log In
Email:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Log In
Not a member? Sign up.