http://www.washingtonlodge61nh.org/privacy-policy.html
Welcome
Freemasonry
Washington Lodge
History
Officers
Photos
Contact Us
First Step
Calendar
More
Groups
Affiliate Bodies
Members
Education
Newly Raised
Dues
Washington Lodge #61 Website Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When registering on our site you may be asked to enter your: name,
e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit
our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To improve our website(we continually strive
to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback
we receive from you) To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature To send periodic emails The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of
your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your
personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third
parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our
business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this
information confidential. We may also release your information when we
believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site
policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided
to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party
products or services on our website. These third party sites have
separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no
responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these
linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site
and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to
be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We
therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside
parties without your consent.   Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone
under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all
directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on
this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on January 17, 2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by sending an email admin -at- washingtonlodge61nh.org
Copyright (c) 2018 Washington Lodge #61, All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy