http://www.historymole.com/cgi-bin/main/privacy.pl
Login:
Home  Search  Browse  Schools  Help  Feedback
| Terms | Pricing | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | About Us | Site Map  |
Privacy Policy
This is a legal document which sets out how HistoryMole handles data which identifies you. You should read it in conjunction with the
HistoryMole Terms and Conditions, of which this Privacy Policy forms part.
At HistoryMole, we believe strongly in protecting the privacy of our
Members' personal information. This statement describes the privacy practices we apply for the
HistoryMole Service. As part of that, it also expresses our approach to complying with the data protection laws which apply in the United Kingdom. If we change this
Privacy Policy, we will notify you of the changed document in the same way as we notify changes to the
HistoryMole Terms and Conditions.
1. The Information we Collect and Track
When you register for the HistoryMole Service, you provide a UserID
chosen by you, your email address and some optional information about yourself
or your organization ('Registration Information'). They are available to
you through the 'My Profile' page. Changes to some of this Registration
Information can be made via the 'My Profile' page.  Any information
that cannot be changed via the 'My Profile' page can be made by request
via an email to .
We use small files known as 'cookies' to enhance visitors' experience of the
HistoryMole Service as follows:
When logged-in, to track a Members' Registration Information, so that
HistoryMole Service responds correctly as the Member moves from
page-to-page and provides the facilities available to the Members'
particular 'Registration Class'.
More generally, to facilitate assessment of 'popular' web site
activity so that we may enhance the service.
2. Sharing and Use of Information
We, and (where relevant) our credit card processing agents, will not supply your personal data to a third party for commercial exploitation - thus, you can rest assured that we will not sell the lists of our
Members' email addresses to a third party; and the only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non-commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
Furthermore:
We do not directly make your email address available to anyone on
any screen of the HistoryMole Service.
We may use, and provide to third parties, anonymised demographic data provided by
Members to target advertising more appropriately.
We may send regular and occasional emails, which Members can decide to
receive or not, according to their preferences. Where applicable, this option is selected through
'My Profile'.
Where credit card payment is applicable, Members' credit or debit card information
is encrypted. Our credit card processing agents may transfer to, process and hold your credit card information in countries either within or outside the European Economic Area in connection with performing their duties.
We may share data supplied by you (or collected about you) with our
subsidiaries and other companies in our group, but only for the
purposes described in this policy.
If all of the assets which HistoryMole
uses to operate its business (or
substantially all of them) are acquired by a third party, we may
transfer personal data we then hold to that party.
The personal information held by us is
held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
3. Security
We have reasonable security measures in place to protect our Member database and access to this database is restricted. However, it remains each Member's responsibility:
to protect against unauthorised access to Your Details;
to ensure against use by anyone else of the HistoryMole Service through the
computer that Member uses while they are 'logged in' to HistoryMole Service;
to log off or exit from the HistoryMole Service when not using it; and
to keep his/her password secret.
4. Opt-out Policy
You may have your registration details
removed at any time. Contact us at
with your current email address and registered UserID and we will remove
all of your registration information from the system.
Where e-mailed information is an option, we
provide registered Members with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
e-mailed information which they have previously opted to receive. This
opt-out can be effected by making appropriate selections at 'My Profile'.
5. Disclosure for Legal Reasons
We reserve the right to communicate such of
a Member's personal information as we hold to third parties which seek
the disclosure of it, and which make a legally-compliant request for its
disclosure.
6. Contacting HistoryMole
If you have any questions about this
privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with HistoryMole,
you can contact us at .
You can also use this address if you wish to request from HistoryMole
a copy of the personal data we hold about you
or a description of that data. Please note that by English law we are
entitled to charge you a small sum for providing this information.
However, all of the data which identifies you can be viewed on-line on the
'My Profile' page when you are
'logged-in' to the HistoryMole Service.
7. Links to Third Party Sites
Our site contains links to other sites. HistoryMole
is not responsible for the privacy practices, or the content, of those web
sites.
8. UK Data Protection Information
You can obtain further information about UK
data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner's website
at www.dataprotection.gov.uk.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Sun, 18 September 2010
© Copyright 1999-2010
(except where otherwise stated) HistoryMole.com - All rights reserved