https://www.phenomenews.com/terms-and-disclaimer
Terms and Disclaimer
Introduction
The Website Owner, including subsidiaries and affiliates (“Website” or “Website Owner” or “we” or “us” or “our”) provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website (“website”) to visitors (“visitors”) (cumulatively referred to as “you” or “your” hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website. The owner of the site is affiliate of the products on the website https://www.phenomenews.com and get paid for each affiliate sale.
Information on the Website
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price information, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) (“information”) and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website.
Trade Marks
The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trade marks”) displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade marks of the Website Owner. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.
External Links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use.
No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of the Website Owner. Please contact us if you would like to link to this website or would like to request a link to your website.
Public Forums and User Submissions
The Website Owner is not responsible for any material submitted to the public areas by you (which include bulletin boards, hosted pages, chat rooms, or any other public area found on the website. Any material (whether submitted by you or any other user) is not endorsed, reviewed or approved by the Website Owner.
The Website Owner reserves the right to remove any material submitted or posted by you in the public areas, without notice to you, if it becomes aware and determines, in its sole and absolute discretion that you are or there is the likelihood that you may, including but not limited to:
* defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the rights of other users or any third parties;
* publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
* post or upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Website Owner’s and/or a third party’s computer system and/or network;
* violate any copyright, trade mark, other applicable The United States of America or international laws or intellectual property rights of the Website Owner or any other third party;
* submit contents containing marketing or promotional material which is intended to solicit business.
Specific Use
You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and you hereby indemnify the Website Owner against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which the Website Owner or any third party may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any such message or material.
Warranties
The Website Owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
Disclaimer of Liability
The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
In particular, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof. Please read fine lines.
Results Disclaimer
Every effort has been made to accruately represent the affiliate products on this website. Individual results may vary. We cannot guarantee your success or results. Nor are we responsible for any of your actions
Use of the Website
The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction (other than The United States of America). By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
The information presented in this Website is intended to be for your educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not, and cannot take the place of, professional advice. You should not begin planning any course of action without first consulting a qualified professional.
You expressly agree that use of this site is at your sole risk. You understand and agree that this site and the information, services, products and materials available through it are provided on an “as-is” basis.
Where any testimonials are mentioned, those consist of anecdotal information passed on to us concerning the opinion of the individual sharing the information. We have performed no independent verification of the statements made by those individuals.
Please perform your own research before embarking on any course of action. Follow the advice of your personal qualified advisors.
You agree that we will not share in your success, nor will we be responsible for your failure, or for your actions in any endeavor you may undertake.
Materials in our product and our website may contain information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities litigation reform act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as “anticipate”, “estimate”, “expect”, “project”, “intend”, “plan”, “believe”, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with a description of potential future events, or of existing beliefs. Any and all forward looking statements in our materials are intended to express our opinion of potential future events. They are opinions only and should not be relied upon as fact.
This website does not represent any of the mentioned product authors, or personnels in anyway.
The Federal Trade Commission requires that I disclose any relationship I have between a product manufacturer or service provider when I write about a product or service.
Here are the guidelines I operate under.
I am never paid to do a review. I never accept money to review a product or service. I invest my own time to review and test products. I may produce audio and/or videos and images about products on the site.
If I create a link to a product or service in a review, sometimes we may get paid a commission if you purchase the product or service.
This website receives compensation for clicks on or purchase of products featured on this site.
No advertiser will ever influence the content, topics or posts made here.
These are good rules and practices in today’s digital world. It’s important for you to understand the relationship between a person reviewing the product and the manufacturer or service provider.
More Terms of Use
PLEASE READ! https://www.phenomenews.com REQUIRES CONSIDERATION FOR AND AS A CONDITION OF ALLOWING YOU ACCESS.
READING AND ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF USE AND READING AND ACCEPTING THE PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY OF https://www.phenomenews.com ARE REQUIRED CONSIDERATIONS FOR https://www.phenomenews.com GRANTING YOU THE RIGHT TO VISIT, READ OR INTERACT WITH IT.
ALL PERSONS ARE DENIED ACCESS TO THIS SITE UNLESS THEY READ AND ACCEPT THE TERMS OF USE AND THE PRIVACY POLICY.
BY VIEWING, VISITING, USING, OR INTERACTING WITH https://www.phenomenews.com OR WITH ANY BANNER, POP-UP, OR ADVERTISING THAT APPEARS ON IT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS TERMS OF USE POLICY AND THE PRIVACY POLICY OF https://www.phenomenews.com.
ALL PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 ARE DENIED ACCESS TO https://www.phenomenews.com. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, IT IS UNLAWFUL FOR YOU TO VISIT, READ, OR INTERACT WITH https://www.phenomenews.com OR ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER. https://www.phenomenews.com SPECIFICALLY DENIES ACCESS TO ANY INDIVIDUAL THAT IS COVERED BY THE CHILD ONLINE PRIVACY ACT (COPA) OF 1998.
https://www.phenomenews.com RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DENY ACCESS TO ANY PERSON OR VIEWER FOR ANY REASON. UNDER THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH YOU ACCEPT AS A CONDITION FOR VIEWING, https://www.phenomenews.com IS ALLOWED TO COLLECT AND STORE DATA AND INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF EXCLUSION AND FOR MANY OTHER USES.
THE TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. VISITORS HAVE AN AFFIRMATIVE DUTY, AS PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR PERMISSION TO VIEW https://www.phenomenews.com, TO KEEP THEMSELVES INFORMED OF CHANGES.
PARTIES TO THE TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT
Visitors, viewers, users, subscribers, members, affiliates, or customers, collectively referred to herein as “Visitors,” are parties to this agreement. The website and its owners and/or operators are parties to this agreement, herein referred to as “Website.”
USE OF INFORMATION FROM THIS WEBSITE
Unless you have entered into an express written contract with this website to the contrary, visitors, viewers, subscribers, members, affiliates, or customers have no right to use this information in a commercial or public setting; they have no right to broadcast it, copy it, save it, print it, sell it, or publish any portions of the content of this website. By viewing the contents of this website you agree this condition of viewing and you acknowledge that any unauthorized use is unlawful and may subject you to civil or criminal penalties. Again, Visitor has no rights whatsoever to use the content of, or portions thereof, including its databases, invisible pages, linked pages, underlying code, or other intellectual property the site may contain, for any reason for any use whatsoever. Nothing. Visitor agrees to liquidated damages in the amount of U.S.$100,000 in addition to costs and actual damages for breach of this provision. Visitor warrants that he or she understands that accepting this provision is a condition of viewing and that viewing constitutes acceptance.
OWNERSHIP OF WEBSITE OR RIGHT TO USE, SELL, PUBLISH CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE
The website and its contents are owned or licensed by the website. Material contained on the website must be presumed to be proprietary and copyrighted. Visitors have no rights whatsoever in the site content. Use of website content for any reason is unlawful unless it is done with express contract or permission of the website.
HYPERLINKING TO SITE, CO-BRANDING, “FRAMING” AND REFERENCING SITE PROHIBITED
Unless expressly authorized by website, no one may hyperlink this site, or portions thereof, (including, but not limited to, logotypes, trademarks, branding or copyrighted material) to theirs for any reason. Further, you are not allowed to reference the url (website address) of this website in any commercial or non-commercial media without express permission, nor are you allowed to ‘frame’ the site. You specifically agree to cooperate with the Website to remove or de-activate any such activities and be liable for all damages. You hereby agree to liquidated damages of US $100,000.00 plus costs and actual damages for violating this provision.
DISCLAIMER FOR CONTENTS OF SITE
The website disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy of the content of this website. Visitors assume the all risk of viewing, reading, using, or relying upon this information. Unless you have otherwise formed an express contract to the contrary with the website, you have no right to rely on any information contained herein as accurate. The website makes no such warranty.
DISCLAIMER FOR HARM CAUSED TO YOUR COMPUTER OR SOFTWARE FROM INTERACTING WITH THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS. VISITOR ASSUMES ALL RISK OF VIRUSES, WORMS, OR OTHER CORRUPTING FACTORS.
The website assumes no responsibility for damage to computers or software of the visitor or any person the visitor subsequently communicates with from corrupting code or data that is inadvertently passed to the visitor’s computer. Again, visitor views and interacts with this site, or banners or pop-ups or advertising displayed thereon, at his own risk.
DISCLAIMER FOR HARM CAUSED BY DOWNLOADS
Visitor downloads information from this site at this own risk. Website makes no warranty that downloads are free of corrupting computer codes, including, but not limited to, viruses and worms.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
By viewing, using, or interacting in any manner with this site, including banners, advertising, or pop-ups, downloads, and as a condition of the website to allow his lawful viewing, Visitor forever waives all right to claims of damage of any and all description based on any causal factor resulting in any possible harm, no matter how heinous or extensive, whether physical or emotional, foreseeable or unforeseeable, whether personal or business in nature.
INDEMNIFICATION
Visitor agrees that in the event he causes damage, which the Website is required to pay for, the Visitor, as a condition of viewing, promises to reimburse the Website for all.
SUBMISSIONS
Visitor agrees as a condition of viewing, that any communication between Visitor and Website is deemed a submission. All submissions, including portions thereof, graphics contained thereon, or any of the content of the submission, shall become the exclusive property of the Website and may be used, without further permission, for commercial use without additional consideration of any kind. Visitor agrees to only communicate that information to the Website, which it wishes to forever allow the Website to use in any manner as it sees fit. “Submissions” is also a provision of the Privacy Policy.
NOTICE
No additional notice of any kind for any reason is due Visitor and Visitor expressly warrants an understanding that the right to notice is waived as a condition for permission to view or interact with the website.
DISPUTES
As part of the consideration that the Website requires for viewing, using or interacting with this website, Visitor agrees to use binding arbitration for any claim, dispute, or controversy (“CLAIM”) of any kind (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this purchase, this product, including solicitation issues, privacy issues, and terms of use issues.
Arbitration shall be conducted pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association which are in effect on the date a dispute is submitted to the American Arbitration Association. Information about the American Arbitration Association, its rules, and its forms are available from the American Arbitration Association, 335 Madison Avenue, Floor 10, New York, New York, 10017-4605. Hearing will take place in the city or county of the Seller.
In no case shall the viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer have the right to go to court or have a jury trial. Viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer will not have the right to engage in pre-trial discovery except as provided in the rules; you will not have the right to participate as a representative or member of any class of claimants pertaining to any claim subject to arbitration; the arbitrator’s decision will be final and binding with limited rights of appeal.
The prevailing party shall be reimbursed by the other party for any and all costs associated with the dispute arbitration, including attorney fees, collection fees, investigation fees, travel expenses.
JURISDICTION AND VENUE
If any matter concerning this purchase shall be brought before a court of law, pre- or post-arbitration, Viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer agrees to that the sole and proper jurisdiction to be the state and city declared in the contact information of the web owner unless otherwise here specified. In the event that litigation is in a federal court, the proper court shall be the closest federal court to the Seller’s address.
APPLICABLE LAW
Viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer agrees that the applicable law to be applied shall, in all cases, be that of the state of the Seller.
Contact Email: admin@phenomenews.com
2014-10-16
David
Recommended
Recent Posts
My CRAZY Edge Bioactives Spartagen XT Review – Deadly Side Effects?
A Fish Will Help Me Get Girls? – The Tao of Badass Review – Pre-selection?
Can You Create Uncontrollable LUST? The Desire System Review – By Dr. David Tian
3 Questions to Seduction? – My CRAZY Vin Dicarlo Pandora’s Box System Review
Does Literotica Work? The Girlfriend Activation System Review GFAS – Don’t Buy It?
Categories
Attraction
How to Get a Girlfriend
Relationships
Supplememts
Copyright © 2016 PhenomeNEWS | Terms and Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | DMCA Notice | Contact