http://www.kettering.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
KETTERING FOUNDATION – PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: May 28, 2009
Kettering Foundation is committed to respecting the privacy of its online visitors.  This statement discloses this site's privacy practices.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
As described below, the Kettering Foundation collects general information about the usage of this web site as well as any personal information that you provide. The personal information we collect depends on how you choose to make use of our web site and our services, as detailed below. We will not distribute this information in a manner inconsistent with this policy unless compelled by law.
a. General Web Site Usage Information
To monitor site usage and improve the quality of our web site, we gather general information about the use of our site. We use web server logs and industry-standard web site statistics software to count the number of users who visit our web site and to count the number of views of particular pages, as well as to track other general statistics about our web site. At times the Kettering Foundation may share with third parties the aggregate, anonymous information about overall usage of our web site and other Internet services that we collect, in order to provide general information about our Internet services or to establish sponsorships or other business relationships. We do not share any information about specific users.
b. Information Collected to Process Transactions
When visitors to our web site or users of our other Internet services wish to utilize our "Contact Us" page, we will collect personal information necessary to process the communication. This may include your name, address, and telephone and fax numbers and email address. While security measures may be in place, please understand that no one can give an absolute assurance that information intended to be maintained as private, whether transmitted via the Internet or otherwise, cannot be accessed inappropriately or unlawfully by third parties. We have taken and will continue to take reasonable steps to ensure the secure and safe transmission of your personal information. Kettering Foundation may use personally identifying information from you to respond to your inquiries or for other internal business purposes, but we do not sell or rent that information to third parties.
c. Information Collected to Secure Access to Members Section
The Kettering Foundation may also collect a password for each member who uses the online Members Section. We use this information to verify members’ identities in order to prevent unauthorized access to members’ personal information. This information is accessed only when necessary to provide members with online account-related information, provide technical support to members, or diagnose or repair problems with the Members Section software and is not otherwise disclosed to anyone, other than the member or his or her designee, unless compelled by law.
2. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
The Kettering Foundation’s web site provides links to sites of other associates and partners. The links will take you to sites operated by other organizations and are not the property of the Kettering Foundation. We recommend you check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting prior to sharing any personal information, as we have no control over the information that you may choose to submit to these third parties. The Kettering Foundation does not necessarily endorse the practices, policies or other such information of any organization that it may refer to from time to time on its web site.
3. GENERAL SECURITY/PRIVACY NOTICE
Internet communications pass through many different networks before they reach their destination, and the Kettering Foundation has no control over what happens to those communications while they are traveling through those networks. Additionally, the security of our network and servers may not be perfect or impenetrable. For this reason, we cannot guarantee to you the security, confidentiality or privacy of any communication, information or Content whatsoever.  ("Content" means all of the content featured or displayed on the our web site, including without limitation text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images, sound and illustrations.)
4. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Kettering Foundation may amend this Privacy Policy from time-to time, at its sole discretion and without providing notice. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
5. PRIVACY POLICY QUESTIONS
If you do not understand any of the foregoing Privacy Policy or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact us at mfogt@kettering.org.