http://www.urc-eastern.org.uk/privacy-policy
Friday, 11 December 2020
Personal Information
We collect Personal Information when you knowingly provide it, including when you register for the newsletter, contact us, or request information. Personal Information is information that may be used to identify or locate an individual, like a person’s full name, postal address, e-mail address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with this Personal Information. We use your Personal Information to send communications, to respond to your enquiries, and to send marketing and promotional messages.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information automatically when you visit our Site. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that is not used nor intended to be used to personally identify an individual and is not associated with nor linked to Personal Information. This Non-Personally Identifiable Information we collect via the Site includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and the web page you have visited immediately prior to visiting the Site.
The URC Eastern Synod will make no attempt to track or identify individual users, except where there is a reasonable suspicion that unauthorised access to systems is being attempted. In the case of all users, The URC Eastern Synod reserves the right to attempt to identify and track any individual who is reasonably suspected of trying to gain unauthorised access to computer systems or resources operating as part of The URC Eastern Synod's web services.
As a condition of use of this site, all users must give permission for The URC Eastern Synod to use its access logs to attempt to track users who are reasonably suspected of gaining, or attempting to gain, unauthorised access.
All log file information collected by The URC Eastern Synod is kept secure and no access to raw log files is given to any third party.
How we use Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer when you visit websites. We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience.
There are two ‘flavours’ of Cookies - ‘Session’ cookies and ‘Persistent’ cookies.
Session cookies are temporary and are deleted when you shut down your Web browser or turn off your computer. These are used to improve how you navigate through a website.
‘Persistent’ cookies remain on your computer until manually deleted or when they reach an expiry date. They hold information that is useful if you revisit the website, such as contact form details previosuly submitted.
You can disable cookies already stored on your computer, but this may stop our website and others from functioning properly. It may also cause saved login details, for example, to be deleted, so ensure you have a note of them before deleting all cookies.
Essential Cookies
The following is strictly necessary in the operation of our website. If you choose to allow them, cookies placed on your computer by our website will, where applicable:
Recall your login details when you next visit (where applicable)
Non-essential Cookies
The following are not strictly necessary but are required to provide you with the best user experience and tell us, anonymously, which pages people find most interesting.
Functional Cookies
Typically used for tracking the pages you visit. Page tracking data is collated by Google on behalf of millions of website owners, providing anonymous data on which pages you visited, how you got there, the page you exited the website from and so on. It allows us to see which pages are more or less popular and helps us to make our website even better.
Targeting Cookies
These allow you, for example, to share pages with social networks such as Facebook (where applicable).
Data Sharing Policy
This website will not share any personal information with third parties.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.
Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither CIVIC or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.
civicAllowCookies, civicShowCookieIcon
Cookie Control: When you click "I'm happy with this..." on the Cookie Control user interface, a cookie is set in order to remember your preference. These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.
jpanesliders_panel-sliders, jpanesliders_position-icon, jpanesliders_content-sliders-354, jpanesliders_permissions-sliders-354, jpanesliders_permissions-sliderscom_content
These are session cookies that expire when you leave the website. These cookies enable you to move around the website and use its features.
Mission Tools
Vision Initiatives
Find out more about:  Walking the Way Vision4Life Vision2020 and Fresh Expressions
Find Out More
Safeguarding
Safeguarding Children and Adults at Risk. We work to the United Reformed Good Practice Policy and Procedures
Find Out More
Committees
The Purpose and Mission of the Synod; the Synod Meeting; our Area Partnerships; each of our Committees and the calendar of meeting dates.
Find Out More
Who's Who?
Find out who's who on the Synod Office Team.  If you are unsure who to get in touch with, use the Contact Us
Find Out More