https://www.warwidows.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
The War Widows’ Association of Great Britain’s (The War Widows’ Association or the Association or the WWA) respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. The Association’s Privacy and Cookies Policy sets out the way it uses and processes data collected from the users of its website (Users). Any data collected by the Association is used in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 2018 (GDPR). (http://www.ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection/the_guide)
2. Information Collected
Information is collected on this website to provide a more efficient and personalised service. The WWA will not collect personally identifiable information about you through the website unless you have provided it to us voluntarily. If you do not want your personal data collected please do not submit it to us.
Information is collected through the use of Cookies; for more detail, please see the Cookies Policy below. Users may visit the site anonymously or refuse consent to the giving of personal information; however, such refusals may prevent the Users from engaging in certain activities on the website.
3. Information Provided
The materials on this website are provided for general information purposes only. Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information on the website at the time of its inclusion. The War Widows’ Association does not guarantee the accuracy of such information. The War Widows’ Association is not liable for any action you may take as a result of relying on such information or advice on the website or for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of taking any action.
The Association reserves the right to make changes and corrections at any time to this website without notice.
4. Third Party Websites
Links to third party websites on this site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links you may leave this site.
When access is obtained to another website by means of a link from this website The War Widows’ Association has no control over the contents on the other website. The War Widows’ Association accepts no liability, which might arise from your use or reliance on any information or links contained on those websites, or any personal information supplied by you to those websites. Any decision made by you based on the information contained on those websites is your sole responsibility.
5. Your Acceptance of these Terms
By using this website, the user impliedly consents to this policy and continued use of the website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as acceptance of those changes.
6. Contacting Us
The War Widows’ Association takes confidentiality seriously. Users can contact the Association on 0845 2412 189 if they have any questions or comments on this Privacy and Cookies Policy, the practices of this website or their dealings with this website.
Alternatively, the Association can be contacted at:
The War Widows’ Association, c/o199 Borough High Street, London, SE1 1AA.
Email: – info@warwidows.org.uk
7. Downloads
DocumentDescriptionLinkInformation Handing PolicyThis is our full policy document
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings