http://www.ipb.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy The International Peace Bureau (IPB) is committed to maintaining all personal data of its supporters, and members (organizational and individual) working in partnership in a secure manner, in line with current legislation. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Our Privacy Policy is under constant review and is updated and strengthened periodically. This Privacy Policy was published on May 24th, 2018 All updates and amendments are effective immediately. What data do we collect and how do we use it? IPB collects supporters’ data in order to keep records of campaigning or donating activity and to update followers and members with information about our projects and outputs via our newsletter. This includes personal data such as names and email addresses. Our members provide us their information filling in the membership application form – information such as telephone number, homepage. The data is held in our data bases in the Berlin office and the financial data in Geneva, where the treasurer is located. Personal data linked to donations via our website is processed by Paypal (see below), while personal data linked to newsletter subscriptions is held on Mailchimp (see below). IPB does not: – sell nor buy any mailing or marketing lists; – employ any cold calling techniques asking for donations; – keep records longer than legally necessary. Data collected by ipb.org IPB collects data to monitor and analyse traffic on our website and to improve the experience of visitors by using Matomo. The data processed by Matomo is the used browser type and the browser version, the operating system, the country, date and time of the visit to the website, the amount of the visits, duration of the visit. Matomo uses cookies. Cookies A cookie is a tiny element of data that our site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive. We enable “cookies” on our web site to allow users to customise certain options, and to allow us to set the site to reflect your previous choices on the site. If we do this you will not see any less of the site than any one else visiting the site, we will just make areas that reflect your previous choices more prominent. You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. External Links We show widgets from Facebook and social network sharing buttons YouTube. These social networking sharing buttons and widgets come from web servers, which may track your behaviour on our website and may combine this with other information about you originating from other websites. You can install browser add-ons like “Disconnect” from Chrome and Firefox to disable them. Mailing list security The database used for our newsletter is managed using MailChimp and includes an opt-in checkbox that clearly states how your data is being used by IPB. MailChimp is a marketing automation service provided by the Rocket Science Group, based in LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. Servers and offices are located in the United States. Although your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States, MailChimp participates in and is compliant with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG&status=Active), which will qualify as one of the available cross-border transfer mechanisms (Art. 46 of the GDPR legislation). Financial data security Online credit or debit card donations are processed through Paypal, via a secure transaction system using encryption. – Every transaction is encrypted using SSL advanced encryption technology with an encryption key length of 168 bits (the highest level commercially available) and 3D-Secure secure protocols to verify users’ bank details:. You can find more information on how Paypal stores your data here. Paypal’s privacy and data collection policy is available here. IPB does not get access to any personal financial data during transactions: our records are limited to your name, address, email address and Paypal’s unique transaction ID. This data is held by Paypal and on our secure server. Action in case of data security breach Personal data breaches are defined as where: • data is lost, destroyed, corrupted or disclosed; • data is accessed by an unauthorised person, or passed on without proper authorisation; • data is made unavailable and this unavailability has a significant negative effect on individuals. In case of a security breach, IPB is committed to following the procedure described in the GDPR legislation, namely documenting all breaches, notifying the Information Commissioner’s Office of a breach within 72 hours of becoming aware of it, and notifying and advising affected individuals in compliance with relevant legislation. Data updates/Contact us IPB endeavours to keep the data we hold as up to date and accurate as possible. If any of your details change, or if you would like to know what information about you that we hold, please contact us using any of the methods below. Supporters can opt in or out of IPB mailing lists and can unsubscribe themselves from mailing lists at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link on our newsletter or sending us an email. • replying to an email we have sent you; • emailing us at info@ipb-office.berlin • phoning us on +49 (0) 30 1208 45 49 • writing to IPB, Marienstr. 19-20, 10117 Berlin, Germany
Search for:
Search
Note:  All donations are tax-deductible; IPB is a non-profit association registered under Swiss law.
Join and participate in IPB´s all year-round "Global Campaign on Military Spending" (GCOMS)International Peace Bureau NewsletterSubscribe here to IPB's monthly newsletter
First name or full name
Email
By continuing, you accept the privacy policy
EventsInternational Action Meeting for a Nuclear Free Europe:Wednesday - Dec 9, 2020 Webinar: Peace and Human Rights in the Gulf RegionThursday - Dec 10, 2020 Let´s Celebrate the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons Entry into Force Together!Friday - Jan 22, 2021 International Peace Bureau
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkMore infos