https://www.jain4jain.com/terms.php
Membership
FREE Registration
Login
Free Registration
Sign in
Home
Premium Membership
Terms
Privacy Policy
Send Feedback
Contact Us
Jain4Jain.com
Grievances Redressal Officer: Pratik Jain
Phone : +91-11-49869226
Mobile : +91 9810367689
Working Hours: 10am - 6pm (IST)
Email : info@jain4jain.com
Website : www.jain4jain.com
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Jain4Jain.com matrimonial website. Jain4Jain.com is an online your personal matrimonial matchmaking platform. This Agreement sets out the legally binding terms for your use of the website and membership. This Agreement may be modified by Jain4Jain.com from time to time. The membership and rights of admissions are reserved. Jain4Jain.com is an advertising platform providing targeted advertising services for matchmaking alliances. The Service is for the personal use of individual members to advertise and promote their profiles for the purpose of finding relevant matches. It cannot be used in connection with any commercial endeavour. The Service is a matrimonial matchmaking platform to seek a life partner. It is not a casual dating site. Access to the Jain4Jain.com web website is free. However, we offer Premium Memberships wherein one can promote his/her Profile on Jain4Jain.com.
Acceptance of Terms of Use Agreement.
In order to use the Jain4Jain.com Service you must register as a member on the Website. This Agreement is an electronic contract that establishes the legally binding terms you must accept to use the website and to become a "Member." For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Member" means a person who voluntarily submits information to the website whether such person uses the Service as a free member or a paid member. By using the website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use ("Agreement"). If you wish to become a Member and promote your profile to other Members and make use of the Jain4Jain.com service ("Service"), read these Terms of Use and follow the instructions in the Registration process. By using the Service, you consent to submit your personal identifiable information, to collect, process, display and use the said information to provide the Service. To withdraw this consent, you must discontinue using our Service and delete your account.
Membership Eligibility
To register as a member of Jain4Jain.com or use this Site, you must be legally competent and of legal marriageable age as per the laws of India (currently, 18 years or over for females and 21 years or over for males).
The Jain4Jain.com website is only to facilitate personal advertisement for lawful marriage alliance between persons who are legally competent to enter into matrimony under the laws to which they are subject. Membership in the Service is void where prohibited.
By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you have the right, consent, authority, and legal capacity to enter into this Agreement; submit relevant information to us; and that you are not prohibited or prevented by any applicable law for the time being in force or any order or decree or injunction from any court, tribunal or any such competent authority restraining you from entering into matrimony.
You further confirm that you, intent to seek a life partner and that you shall not use this website for casual dating. You also agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If at any time Jain4Jain.com is of the opinion (in its sole discretion) or has any reason to believe that you are not eligible to become a member or that you have made any misrepresentation, Jain4Jain.com reserves the right to forthwith terminate your membership and / or your right to use the Service without any refund to you of any of your un-utilized subscription fee as fess are non-refundable.
Security of Your Account.
You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials that you create during the registration process, and you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any disclosure or unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security, and ensure that you log out from your account at the end of each session.
Term and Termination
This Agreement will be effective, valid and subsisting as long as you use our Site.
You may terminate your membership at any time, for any reason by writing to Jain4Jain.com. In the event you terminate your membership, you will not be entitled to a refund of any un-utilized subscription fees, if any, as fees are non-refundable. Jain4Jain.com may terminate your access to the website and/or your membership for any reason including but not limited to breach of the terms of use, using the service for commercial purpose, engaging in prohibited or inappropriate communication or activity, by sending notice to you at the email address as provided by you in your application for membership or such other email address as you may later provide to Jain4Jain.com. If Jain4Jain.com terminates your membership for breach of terms of this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of any Subscription fees, if any, paid by you as fess are non-refundable.
Certain provisions of this Agreement shall remain effective even on termination.
Website Only for Personal Use Non-Commercial Use Prohibited
The website is for the personal use of individual members to advertise and promote their profiles for the purpose of generating accepts from relevant matches and cannot be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. This includes providing links to other web sites, whether deemed competitive to Jain4Jain.com or otherwise. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses cannot become Members of Jain4Jain.com and should not use the Jain4Jain.com Service or website for any purpose. Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Site, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the website will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
Other Terms of Use for Members
Jain4Jain.com reserves the right in it's sole discretion to review the activity and status of each account and block access to the member based on such review.
Jain4Jain.com reserves the right in its sole discretion to restrict/suspend the member’s free access to its website based on review of the member's activity, status or any such criteria Jain4Jain.com may deem fit and proper, with due intimation to the member.
You hereby confirm that as on date of this registration, you do not have any objection to receive emails, SMS/WhatsApp messages and calls from Jain4Jain.com and members of Jain4Jain.com as long as you are a registered member of Jain4Jain.com, including SMS permission for authenticating mobile transactions via OTP, sent by the Payment Gateway. This consent shall supersede any preferences set by you with or registration done with the Do Not Disturb (DND Register)/ National Customer Preference Register (NCPR). This consent extends to emails, messages or calls relating but not limited to phone number verification, the provision of matchmaking advertising service, matchmaking enquiries and promotions.
Multiple profiles of the same person are not allowed on our Site. Jain4Jain.com reserves the right to deactivate all multiple profiles without any refund of subscription fees.
You confirm that the Content, information including the personal information provided by you is correct and accurate.
You are strongly advised to submit copy of your Voter Id, Aadhar ID, PAN, Bank Passbook, Driving License, Passport or any other Government issued identity.
Except for the purpose of promoting/advertising your profile for matchmaking purposes, you cannot engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Members to buy or sell any products or services through the Service.
You will not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other Jain4Jain.com Members. Although Jain4Jain.com cannot monitor the conduct of its Members off the Jain4Jain.com Site, it is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from other members in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent.
Jain4Jain.com reserves the right to take appropriate steps to protect Jain4Jain.com and/or its Members from any abuse/misuse as it deem appropriate in its sole discretion.
You cannot use any automated processes, including IRC Bots, EXE's, CGI or any other programs/scripts to view content on or communicate / contact / respond / interact with Jain4Jain.com and/or its members.
Jain4Jain.com reserves the right to screen communications/advertisements that you may send to other Member(s) and also regulate the same by deleting unwarranted/obscene communications/advertisements at any time at its sole discretion without prior notice to any Member.
Jain4Jain.com Members are expected to exercise precautions for their privacy and safety. A suggestive guideline of such precautions is enlisted under security tips "Tips To Be Safe Online". By becoming a Member you hereby agree to abide and adhere to the said tips.
Jain4Jain.com Members who subscribe to the Jain4Jain.com Service hereby, unconditionally and irrevocably confirm that you have read terms and conditions and agree to abide by them.
Proprietary Rights in the Content on Jain4Jain.com
Jain4Jain.com owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Jain4Jain.com website and the Jain4Jain.com Service. The website contains the copyrighted material, and other proprietary information of Jain4Jain.com, and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain such as member profile or for which permission has been obtained from the user, you cannot copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information. Any such act or an attempted act on your part shall constitute a violation of this Agreement and your membership is liable to be terminated forthwith by Jain4Jain.com without refund of any of your unused Subscription fees as fees is non-refundable. Jain4Jain.com reserves right to take legal action (civil and/or criminal) wherever applicable for any violations.
Copyright Policy
You cannot post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Jain4Jain.com service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please email us at info@jain4jain.com
Disputes between Members
Jain4Jain.com Members. Jain4Jain.com reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members. Jain4Jain.com also reserves the right to take appropriate action against errant members. However, Jain4Jain.com is not obliged to share such action with other members, including complainants. Jain4Jain.com expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for any transactions or interactions between the members inter-se.
Privacy
Use of the Jain4Jain.com website and/or the Jain4Jain.com Service is governed by our Privacy Policy and follow guidelines to protect your privacy.
Disclaimers
Jain4Jain.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content/listing posted on the website or in connection with the Jain4Jain.com Service, whether caused by Users, Members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Service, nor for the conduct of any User and/or Member of the Jain4Jain.com Service whether online or offline.
Jain4Jain.com assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, User and/or Member communications or any communications by Jain4Jain.com to its Members.
Jain4Jain.com is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line-systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any
website or combination thereof, including injury or damage to Users and/or Members or to any other person's computer related to or resulting and/or in connection with the Jain4Jain.com Service.
Under no circumstances will Jain4Jain.com be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's use of the website or the Service and/or any Content posted on the Jain4Jain.com website or transmitted to Jain4Jain.com Members. You should not provide your financial information
like credit card to send money to other Members.
The exchange of matchmaking profile(s) through or by "Jain4Jain.com" is not a matrimonial offer and/or recommendation from/by Jain4Jain.com. Jain4Jain.com shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any individual arising out of, or subsequent to, any relations (including but not limited to matrimonial relations) established pursuant to the use of Jain4Jain.com service.
The website and the Service are provided "AS-IS" and Jain4Jain.com expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Jain4Jain.com cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the website and/or the Jain4Jain.com Service. You understand that Jain4Jain.com makes no guarantees, either express or implied, regarding compatibility with individuals you meet through the Service.
Jain4Jain.com expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility whatsoever and howsoever arising as a result of any Content/listing posted on the website/ made available to Jain4Jain.com by any Members or the users of the website or any third party.
Jain4Jain.com does not assume any responsibility or liability for any illegal Content posted on the website by any Members, users or any third party.
All liability, whether civil or criminal arising out of any Content that is Posted on the website will be of that Member / user / third party who has posted such Content and Jain4Jain.com reserves its right to claim damages from such Member/ user / third party that it may suffer as
a result of such Content Posted on the Site. Jain4Jain.com does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service.
Limitation on Liability.
In no event will Jain4Jain.com be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of the website or the Jain4Jain.com Service, even if Jain4Jain.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Jain4Jain.com's liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to Jain4Jain.com, for the Service during the term of membership.
Jurisdiction.
If there is any dispute about or involving the website and/or the Service, by using the Site, you unconditionally agree that all such disputes and/or differences will be governed by the laws of India and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Competent Courts in Delhi, India only.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and hold Jain4Jain.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, fully indemnified and harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of these Terms of Use and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or any fraudulent act on your part.
Content Posted on the Website.
You understand and agree that Jain4Jain.com may delete any listing, content, communication, photos or profiles (collectively, "Content") that in the sole judgment of Jain4Jain.com violate this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of either Jain4Jain.com and/or its Members.
With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the website including but not limited to your contact details, you hereby unconditionally and irrevocably grant to Jain4Jain.com the license to use, store, distribute, reproduce, prepare derivative works of, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the website and to the members of Jain4Jain.com from time to time.
You understand and hereby agree that all information, data, text, photographs, graphics, communications, tags, or other Content whether publicly posted or privately transmitted or otherwise made available to Jain4Jain.com are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated and shall be at the member's/person's sole risks and consequences. This means that you (and not Jain4Jain.com) are solely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. Jain4Jain.com does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. Under no circumstances will Jain4Jain.com be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service. Jain4Jain.com reserves the right to verify the authenticity of Content posted on the Site. In exercising this right, Jain4Jain.com may ask you to provide any documentary or other form of evidence supporting the Content you post on the Site. If you fail to produce such evidence to the satisfaction of Jain4Jain.com, Jain4Jain.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate your Membership without a refund as fees is non-refundable.
The following is an indicative list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited on the Site. Jain4Jain.com will investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this Agreement, including without limitation, removing the offending communication/Content from the Service and terminating the Membership of such violators without a refund.
Illegal and prohibitive Content includes Content which:
Is blatantly offensive to the community, such as Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
Harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
Involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";
Promotes information that you know is false, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory;
Promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
Contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
Displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind;
Provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18;
Provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
Solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; and
Engages in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes
You must use the Jain4Jain.com Service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable local, state, and federal laws, rules and regulations.
You cannot include in your Member profile, visible to other members, any telephone numbers, street addresses, URL's, and email addresses.
Emails and SMS.
By becoming a Member of the Jain4Jain.com service, you agree to receive certain specific email / SMS from Jain4Jain.com and/or its partner sites. You can unsubscribe at any time for any reason quickly and easily by clicking on the unsubscribe link enclosed in the mail.
Mode of Payment.
All payments to Jain4Jain.com shall be by way of Credit/Debit Cards/Netbanking/NEFT/Mobile wallets/UPI/Cash/Cheque/ with the prevailing RBI guidelines. Activation of paid Jain4Jain.com Service shall be subject to realization of the said payment. In case of dishonor of Cheque/demand draft; you shall be liable to pay applicable bank's cheque/DD bouncing charges. The fess is non-refundable.
Jain4Jain.com uses third party payment gateways for collection of credit/debit card or other payment instruments. In case of payment gateway failure the same would be communicated to the user/member by the payment gateway provider. Jain4Jain.comshall not be responsible for Extra currency/conversion charges/deductions/error issues from payment gateway. In the case of failed online transactions, which result in no services, Jain4Jain.com offers no guarantees whatsoever for the accuracy or timeliness of the refunds reaching the Customers card/bank accounts through the payment gateway.
This Agreement, accepted upon use of the website and further affirmed by becoming a Member of the Jain4Jain.com service, contains the entire agreement between you and Jain4Jain.com regarding the use of the website and/or the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
By becoming a member of Jain4Jain.com and/or using the Services of the Site, you unconditionally and irrevocably confirm that you have read and understood the above provisions and agree to abide by them.
Sign in
×
User Name
Password
Login
Forgot Password
Free Registration