http://www.cityofsylvania.com/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
Home / Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the City of Sylvania website and reviewing our privacy policy. We are committed to protecting your privacy and providing the most convenient and safe online experience.
The City of Sylvania will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide that information to us via e-mail when requesting information or services.
Whether you simply browse the pages or you provide us with personal information for further contact, this Privacy Policy describes how information about your visit is handled.
What Information Do You Collect & Store Automatically?
When people visit our site – whether they just browse from one page to the next or even download information – we gather and store certain non-personal information about their visit automatically to develop general statistics on how and when our website is used.
This information is not personal and does not identify them personally. This is the only information we automatically collect and store:
The Internet domain and IP address (an IP address is a number assigned to every computer connected to the Web) from which they access our website. So, for example, if they access our website from a local library computer, the domain stored would be “toledolibrary.org” and the IP address would be the number for that specific computer in the library.
The browser and operating system they use to access our website (Internet Explorer, Safari, Mozilla, etc.)
The date and time they access our website (tracking when users visit our website the most tells us how much bandwidth we need to make sure we have enough at the busiest times)
The pages they visit (so we know what’s most important to our users)
The search term(s) used in our search engine
If they linked to the City of Sylvania website from another website, the address of that website (that’s how we know which websites are best suited to our visitors)
We use this information to help us make our website provides what our users are looking for, and to learn how many visitors come to our site and when. We also learn about the types of technology they use so we can make sure they can open and use the interactive tools we offer. We do not trace or record information about individuals and their visits.
If you link to other websites from our website, we encourage you to review the privacy statements of those websites so that you know how those they collect, use and share your information. The City of Sylvania is responsible only for the privacy policy and content of the City of Sylvania website.
I entered personal information for water service and when I e-mailed a question.
What happens to that information?
The City of Sylvania does not disclose, share, release, publish, disseminate, rent or sell any personally identifiable information to any third parties.
If you provide us with personal information by sending us an e-mail – filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website – we use that information only to respond to your message, to fulfill your order/request and provide you with information.
If you opt-in for e-mail distribution of certain information, your contact information will be used only to send that information to you.
Can I review and change information you have in your database?
You have the right, at any time, to review and/or modify any personally identifiable information you provide to us. You may also remove yourself from our active e-mail lists. To do either, send an e-mail to webmaster@cityofsylvania.com and let us know that you want us to (a) provide a copy of your profile with any personally identifiable information, (b) update or modify certain personally identifiable information, and/or (c) remove you from our active e-mail lists.
We will provide what you’ve asked for as soon as possible. To protect confidentiality, we can send the profile you request only to the e-mail address listed your profile. In any event, our back-up files will contain copies of your personally identifiable information. We reserve the right to contact previous users of the website from time to time.
Why do you use cookies?
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer; they are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you (cityofsylvania.com).
The City of Sylvania website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your experience on our site. Cookies are primarily used to provide a convenience feature – to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with the City of Sylvania for online services, a cookie helps the website recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses and so on. When you return to our website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, without having to enter it all in again, so using the website is faster and easier.
You can accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser setting to decline them if you like. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to use some interactive features of the website.
Will this Privacy Policy change?
Digital technology changes constantly. So we have to reserve the right to change our privacy policy to respond to those changes when it’s appropriate. When changes are called for, we will update this Privacy Policy on our website and we will alert the community to these changes. We may try to reach users whose e-mail addresses we have, in conformity with this privacy policy. Using our website after we make changes to this policy will indicate that you accept those changes.
If you have questions or concerns, please contact us at webmaster@cityofsylvania.com or 419-885-8935. Our postal address is City of Sylvania IT Division, 6730 Monroe St., Sylvania, OH 43560.
City of Sylvania Website Privacy Policy Version 1.0
November 1, 2008
The City of Sylvania websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the City of Sylvania or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the City of Sylvania; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the City of Sylvania or the public.
Security of Your Personal Information
The City of Sylvania secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Changes to This Statement
The City of Sylvania will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. The City of Sylvania encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The City of Sylvania is protecting your information.
Contact Information
We welcome your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that the City of Sylvania has not adhered to this Statement, please contact the City of Sylvania at 419-885-8935. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Trademark
Court: The details on our city’s legal system
Police: Services that touch every segment of our city
Check out the Downtown Master Plan!
Streaming: View Meetings Online!
Emergency Services: Keeping you safe
Explore: Handy links to explore our city
Heritage: The passion that got us here
Menu
Residents
ResidentsSylvania TodayResident ResourcesFamily ServicesOrdinancesRecreationRefuse/RecyclingUtilities Billing and Payments Back
Businesses
BusinessesWhy Sylvania?Economic DevelopmentEconomic InformationBusiness ResourcesDesirable Demographics Back
Visitors
VisitorsWelcome To Our CityVisitor ResourcesAbout SylvaniaAttractionsHistorical VillageMoving HereRecreationSchools Back
Government
GovernmentCity OfficesMayor’s OfficeCity CouncilBoards and CommissionsPlanning CommissionDepartment DirectoryDepartment SchedulesE-Government ServicesEmploymentBid InvitationsStreetsTaxation Back