http://www.pauljking.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Home
Paul J King Funeral Directors
Cookie Policy
Our cookie and privacy policies
Privacy policy
This policy sets out how we use and protect any personal information that you give us when you use this website or use our services.
If you have any questions about this policy, or do not agree with it, please contact our Head Office on 01621 855552.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this information from time to time to ensure you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 02 May 2018. “We/our/us” refers to Paul J King Funeral Directors, Head Office Causeway House, 37 - 39 The Causeway, Maldon, CM9 4LJ.
What information do we collect?
In general, you can use our website without giving us any information. However, additional services may be available if we have certain information about you.
We may collect the following information:
Your name and contact information, including email address, geographical address and company details
Information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with our products and contact preferences to provide you with further correspondence about our products and services
What do we do with the information we collect?
We use this information to provide you with a better service, and for the following reasons:
To provide answers to your questions asked via the website or offices.
For internal record keeping
To improve the content of the website and services offered through our offices.
To obtain feedback from you about our Business and services available.
To notify you about the updates to the website and inform you of any events or services that may be of interest to you.
To respond to your media queries about us
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail, unless you have registered with the appropriate Preference Service.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree (or your browser agrees automatically if you have set it up in that way), your browser adds that text in a small file. A cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets website operators know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
How to control and delete cookies
We know that people have concerns about cookies, but we believe that the benefit that you and Paul J King gain from their proper use is worthwhile. You can delete the files that contain cookies - those files are stored as part of your Internet browser. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by www.pauljking.com, or indeed any other website, or if you wish to receive notification of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Please be aware that declining or denying cookies may prevent you from being able to use the website to its highest capability.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies
Direct marketing
We would like to provide you with information about products or services which we think you may find interesting. We may send you such information by mail, telephone or fax, unless you have registered with the appropriate Preference Service. When you provide us with information, you will be given the option to let us know that you do not want your information used for direct marketing purposes. If you request this option, we will not send you any direct marketing.
You can change your mind at any time by contacting our Head Office, Causeway House, 37 - 39 The Causeway, Maldon, CM9 4LJ
Email marketing
We would also like to provide you with the information above by email. However, we appreciate that email “spam” has become a problem in recent years.
If you are a customer or you have previously asked us for information on our products, we may send you information on our range of products by email, unless you have asked us not to do so.
If the reason you have given us personal information is to receive email information from us, we will continue to provide this information by email unless you ask us not to do so.
Otherwise, when you provide us with personal information, we will ask you whether or not you are happy for us to send you this kind of information by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive marketing emails from us, please contact our Head Office by phone or email.
Who do we share this information with?
We will not transfer, disclose, sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We may share limited information to service providers who are essential to carry out services we provide, we will not do this without your permission unless this is necessary for the reasons set out
Our Cookie Policy
We use cookies on our website. You are free to manage this via your browser settings at any time.
Cookies
I Accept