http://www.voltaire.ox.ac.uk/about-us/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Back to top
Privacy Policy
1.1 Purpose
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide you with details of how the Voltaire Foundation collects, stores and uses personal data you supply. We act in accordance with current legislation and meet current best practice with regard to the processing of personal data.
Oxford University is registered as a data controller in the United Kingdom under the Data Protection Act 1998.
1.2 Collection of personal data
In using our website, you may provide certain personal data which we will compile and process in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By providing such information you consent to its use and storage in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. We may collect information about your computer – including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type – for system administration and to report aggregate information. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns which does not identify any individual and allows us to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
1.3 Use of personal data
The Voltaire Foundation will only use your data for the purposes for which it is provided and to which you have consented, or in ways you might reasonably expect. For example when you provide your name and email address we are able to send you our Bulletin. We may contact you in the future with information about our work. We do not allow third parties to use the data we collect. Demographical and statistical information about user behaviour may be collected and used to analyse the popularity and effectiveness of the website. Any disclosure of this information will be in aggregate form and will not identify individual users.
1.4 Storage of personal data
The Voltaire Foundation will retain the personal data it holds either manually or electronically unless and until you send us notice that you no longer wish us to retain this data. Information which you provide to us will ordinarily be stored on our secure servers. However, we do work with third-party contractors, some of whom host and operate certain features of the website. Accordingly, information that we collect from you may be collected in or transferred to a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). That information may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our contractors. By submitting personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
1.5 Cookies
Some of our web pages use cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
Cookies enable us to:
estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our website according to your individual interests;
speed up your searches;
recognise you when you return to our website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Further information
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
1.6 Corrections and access to information
Should you discover any inaccuracies in such personal information, please notify us as soon as possible and we will then correct our records. We are obliged to supply you, on request, with a copy of the personal data we hold about you. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us at email@voltaire.ox.ac.uk.
1.7 Third-party websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of other persons. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for them. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to those websites.
1.8 Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the new version on this website. Any queries or concerns about privacy on this website should be sent to email@voltaire.ox.ac.uk.
Back to top
Books
Sort by
Score AscScore DescPublication Date (field_publication_date) AscPublication Date (field_publication_date) DescTitle AscTitle Desc
Who We Are
Support Us
History of the Voltaire Foundation
Our People
Who We Are
The Voltaire Foundation is a world leader for eighteenth-century scholarship, publishing the definitive edition of the Complete Works of Voltaire (Œuvres complètes de Voltaire), as well as Oxford University Studies in the Enlightenment (previously SVEC), the foremost series devoted to Enlightenment studies, and the correspondences of several key French thinkers.