http://www.foodbankcny.org/privacy-policy/
Food Bank of Central New York
Programs
View All Programs
Pantry
Soup Kitchen
Fresh Foods
Food $en$e
Kids Cafe
Summer Food Service
SNAP Outreach
find food
Get Involved
Volunteer Opportunities
Share Your Story
Food & Fund Drives
Advocacy
Agriculture Donations
Food Bank Merchandise
Virtual Food Drive
Holiday Donations
Donate Now
About Us
Why We Are Here
What We Do
Who We Serve
Hunger in Our Community
Child Hunger
Senior Hunger
How the Food Bank Works
Food Bank vs. Food Pantry
Our Facilities
Our Staff
Board of Directors
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
Our Statement on Racial Justice
Our Programs
Fresh Foods
Food $en$e
Forms & Resources
Retail Partnership
SNAP Outreach
Kids Cafe
Summer Food Service
Mobile Food Pantry
Partner Agencies
COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Updates For Our Partner Agencies
Agency Web Ordering
Product Updates
Food Recalls
Partner Agency Training
Food Bank 101
Just Say Yes to Fruits & Vegetables Workshops
Agency Training RSVP
Hunger Prevention and Nutrition Assistance Program (HPNAP)
Grants & Opportunities
Forms & Resources
Suggested Food Packages
Become A Partner Agency
SideDish Newsletter
Service Number Reporting
Nutrition Initiatives
Our Nutrition Policy
Just Say Yes to Fruits & Vegetables
Community Food Security
Recipes
Beet Tzatziki
Blueberry Thyme Fruit Salad
Broccoli Salad
Carrot Apple Soup
Green Bean Potato Salad
Kale Slaw
No-Bake Pumpkin Oatmeal Cookies
Peach Compote
Rainbow Wraps
Raw Corn Salad
Tomato Salsa
Resources
Events
News
City of Syracuse MONOPOLY
Annual Report
Nutrition Education
SNAP Outreach
Financial Statements
Hunger & Hope Newsletter
COVID-19 Information & Community Resources
Newsletter Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and UseWe may collect other non-personally identifiable information about your computer such as the type of browser you are using or the domain name of your Internet service provider.The Food Bank is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.How We Use the Information We CollectNon-personally identifiable information may be used in aggregate form to analyze the usage of our site and improve site design and interface. The information that we collect will not be disclosed to third parties unless in response to a legal claim or law enforcement agency's request.Aside from standard tracking data, the only other information we collect is data you knowingly provide through our online forms, which may include name, email address, address, telephone numbers, interests, and similar information. We do not and will not request or store personally identifying or sensitive information, such as credit card information or social security numbers.Food Bank of Central New York uses the information you voluntarily share with us in order to send requested electronic communications, printed publications or mail appeals or to help improve our website functionality. If you wish to do so, you may “opt out” of receiving any of our communications at any time.Donations We never sell, share or rent our supporters’ names or information collected from online or offline donations. Please refer to PayPal and Network For Good websites for more information on their respective privacy policies.CookiesCookies are small text files stored by your browser. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience of our site.As well as cookies, our website uses tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.LinksThis website contains links to other sites. The Food Bank is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Food Bank of Central New York has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be differ from ours.FeedbackUsers may provide feedback to the Food Bank by sending an e-mail to infosys@foodbankcny.org. Any contact information entered when providing feedback will only be used to acknowledge or respond to that feedback.
© 2020 Food Bank of Central New York
Food Bank of Central New York is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization.
EIN #22-2816988
Tax Exempt #191474
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement