http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1999/04.99
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-196-9021
April 1999
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers:
Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York City; Courtney Joslin,
Providence, Rhode Island; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd
V. Lamb, Esq., New York City; Mark Major, Esq., Long Island, New
York; Sharon McGowan, Harvard Law Student, Cambridge,
Massachusetts; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., Queens, New York; Daniel R
Schaffer, New York City; Dirk Williams, Esq., Boston,
Massachusetts; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London,
England; Leo Wong, NY Law School Student, New York City.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-918; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.le-gal.org
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1999 by the LeGaL Foundation of the Lesbian & Gay Law
Association of Greater New York
=20
$50/yr by subscription; Canadian Rate $55; Other International Rate US$60
=
=20
N.J. APPELLATE DIVISION GRANTS VISITATION TO LESBIAN CO-
PARENT BUT DENIES PETITION FOR JOINT CUSTODY
The New Jersey Appellate Division has granted visitation
rights to a non-biological lesbian co-parent, but has denied her
application for joint custody.
V.C. v. M.J.B., 1999 WL 111432
(March 5).
The twin children were two years old when the plaintiff
and her same-sex wife, who had lived together for approximately
four years, ended their relationship.
Each of the three judges on
the appellate panel issued a separate opinion.
A two-judge
majority agreed that the plaintiff was a "psychological
parent," and that it was in "the best interests of the
children" for the plaintiff to be awarded visitation rights.=20
However, all three judges articulated different legal standards for
deciding the question of custody, making the precedential value of
that portion of the court's decision uncertain at best.
Since a
majority of the panel did not rule in favor of joint custody, the
Family Part's ruling denying the plaintiff's custody application
was affirmed.
Defendant M.J.B. testified at trial that she had put into motion
her plan to bear and raise children long before she first met
Plaintiff V.C. in 1992. For example, M.J.B. began recording her
daily temperature eight months earlier (so her doctor could track
her ovulation schedule), and although her first appointment with
her fertility doctor was not until one week after she started
dating V.C. in July of 1993, V.C. did not learn about the
appointment until the following year.
According to M.J.B., she
made the final decision concerning whose sperm she would use for
artificial insemination, after consulting with many family members
and friends, including V.C.=20
When the parties learned in February of 1994 that M.J.B. was
pregnant with twins, they made joint plans in preparation for the
anticipated family.
V.C. and M.J.B. moved into a larger apartment
after living together only three months.
They executed various
estate documents and powers of attorney, naming each other as
beneficiary and attorney-in fact.
They purchased life insurance
policies and opened joint checking accounts.
The parties agreed
that the children would call M.J.B. Mommy and the V.C. Meema.
V.C. regularly attended Lamaze classes during M.J.B.'s pregnancy,
and was present in the delivery room on September 29, 1994, when
the twins were born.
After the children's birth, M.J.B. took three
months maternity leave, and V.C. took three weeks vacation. M.J.B.
listed V.C. as the children's "other mother" on all medical
documentation and other forms.
However, M.J.B. insisted at trial
that she made the ultimate decisions about which pediatrician and
child care facility the couple would use. V.C. testified that all
decisions about the children's care were made jointly by the
parties.
In 1995, M.J.B. and V.C. bought a home together and were married in
a commitment ceremony.
The parties discussed the idea of V.C.
formally adopting the children, but were advised (by someone not
identified in the record) that it would be better to wait until the
children were older.
In June of 1996, they consulted with an
attorney, although M.J.B. testified that she never felt entirely
comfortable with the idea.
Before the adoption process progressed
much further, the couple separated.
For the next three to four months, the parties took turns living in
the house with the children.
Eventually, V.C. began spending only
every other weekend with the children, but continued to contribute
money regularly to the twins' care.
In June of 1997, M.J.B.
stopped accepting money from V.C. and stopped permitting V.C. to
visit with the children. =20
At the time of trial, both parties were involved in relationships
with other women.
The trial court heard testimony from the V.C.'s mother, whom the
children called "grandma," and two of M.J.B.'s co-workers,
who confirmed V.C.'s testimony that M.J.B. intended V.C. to be the
co-parent of the children.
All three witnesses also testified that
V.C. played an equal role in raising and caring for the children
until the couple split up.
The court also heard testimony from two expert witnesses, one
called by each party.
Surprisingly, both expert witnesses reached
the same material conclusions after meeting with the parties and
the children: both agreed that the children viewed V.C. as a
maternal figure; that V.C. viewed the children as her own; and that
the children would be affected by their separation from V.C. =20
However, the experts both concluded that since the children were
only 3 years old, and since they had already been separated from
V.C. for a year by the time of trial, the children would not suffer
any significant long-term adverse effects if V.C. were not awarded
joint custody or visitation.
After hearing all of the evidence, the trial judge denied V.C.'s
application for joint custody, ruling that she lacked standing
since her relationship with the children did not rise to the level
of "in loco parentis."
The trial court based its decision
on finding that M.J.B. had decided to become artificially
inseminated before she met J.V., and based on its interpretation of
the expert testimony that V.C.'s relationship with the children was
not strong enough to qualify as a psychological parent.
The court
concluded that in light of its ruling that V.C. did not stand in
loco parentis, it could only consider her application for custody
if M.J.B. were found to be an unfit parent, something which the
evidence did not support.
The trial judge also denied visitation to V.C., ruling that she had
established only a "bonded," and not a "parental,"
relationship with the children.
The court concluded that V.C. had
not assumed the obligations of parenthood, and that based on the
defendant's animosity for the plaintiff, which would be
"inevitably passed along to the children," visitation was
not in the best interests of the children.=20
V.C. appealed the trial court's judgment.
The Appellate Division
denied a stay but expedited the appeal.
Presiding Judge Edwin
Stern announced the judgment of the court, which reversed the
Superior Court's ruling concerning visitation, but affirmed the
denial of V.C.'s application for joint custody.
As in the statutes of many sister states, New Jersey defines a
"parent" as a "natural parent or parent by previous
adoption."
Ordinarily, a third-party non-parent does not have
standing to seek custody of a child in New Jersey unless she or he
first shows that the child's statutory parent is unfit.
However,
all three appellate judges reaffirmed the Appellate Division's 1989
decision (_Zack v. Fiebert_, 563 A.2d 58) which granted
standing to certain third-parties with close bonds to the children:
"Where, as a preliminary matter, the third party is able to
show that he or she stands in the shoes of a parent to the child
and thus in parity with a natural parent, he or she should be
accorded the status of a natural parent in determining the standard
to be applied to the quest for custody.
In such circumstances, the
best interests test should apply."
The three judges purported to apply the same two-tier custody test
(standing, and the best interests of the child) to the facts of
this case, yet each reached a different conclusion.
Presiding
Judge Stern found that based on the facts presented at trial, V.C.
qualified as a "psychological parent" under the relaxed
standing rule.
However, he affirmed the trial judge's denial of
V.C.'s application for joint custody based on his belief that all
things being equal, biological parents trump psychological parents
under the "best interests" rubric: "We cannot ignore
the statute in applying the _Zack_ test.
_Zack_
recognizes that a `psychological parent' is different than any
other third party seeking custody and does not need to prove
`unfitness' of the natural parent.
However, in applying the `best
interests' test when a `psychological parent' seeks custody,
deference must still be given to the statute's definition of a
parent and to the statutory policy."
Judge Barbara Wecker, who penned the most lesbian-and-gay-friendly
opinion of the three judges, agreed with Judge Stern that V.C.
qualified as a psychological parent.
Wecker deftly took the steam
out of M.J.B. and the trial court's charge that since M.J.B.
decided to bear children before meeting V.C., V.C. should not be
entitled to joint custody: "The relevant question, it seems to
me, is not whether M.J.B. would have gone forward with insemination
without V.C., but whether she in fact did so fully intending that
they would jointly parent the children of this conception.
The
record unambiguously establishes that the answer to that question
is `yes'."
Judge Wecker also challenged Judge Stern's decision to deny joint
custody to V.C. simply because she is not a biological or adoptive
parent:
"I agree that the biological relationship is a factor
to be considered in making a custody determination, particularly if
each party seeks sole custody.
However, biology warrants
considerably less weight when joint custody is sought by one who
is, as Judge Stern and I agree, the other psychological parent to
the children."
Judge Wecker recommended remanding the case to the trial court to
determine V.C.'s application for joint custody under the best
interests standard.
According to Wecker, this standard was not
properly applied by the court below, since the trial court
erroneously determined as a threshold matter that V.C. did not
qualify as a psychological parent.
Judge Dennis Braithwaite, who began his decision by trumpeting that
"my viewpoint is not influenced by the parties' homosexual
status," ruled that based on the facts presented below, V.C.
failed to satisfy her burden to prove that she was a psychological
parent to the twins. Braithwaite defined a psychological parent
more strictly than Stern and Wecker:
"A psychological parent
is someone, other than a natural or adoptive parent, who, when
removed from a child, will cause that child severe psychological
harm."
Based on the equivocal expert testimony presented
below, Braithwaite concluded that the evidence at best suggested
that there was only a "speculative possibility" that the
children would suffer severe psychological harm as a result of
V.C.'s continued separation from them.
Wecker challenged Braithwaite's standard for ignoring evidence of
the objective relationship between the petitioner and the child:=20
"Psychological parenthood is a finding based upon the role the
person historically has played in the child's life.
Neither
optimistic or pessimistic predictions of future harm that would
result from ending that role can logically define the role
itself."
Judge Braithwaite responded to this challenge by
expressing the fear that individuals who had cared for a child for
only a brief period of time would be in a position to qualify as
psychological parents under Judge Wecker's definition.
Braithwaite
opined that "Judge Wecker's definition focuses incorrectly on
the role of the parental figure to the child rather than on the
relationship of the child to the parental figure."
Concerning the issue of visitation, both Stern and Wecker adopted
a functional test, which was articulated by the Wisconsin Supreme
Court in 1995.
Under the test, visitation can be awarded to a
third-party "in a child's best interest if the petitioner first
proves that he or she has a parent-like relationship with the
child, and that a significant triggering event justifies state
intervention in the child's relationship with a biological or
adoptive parent."
It is not clear to this author in what way
this two-tier visitation test differs substantively with the
two-tier custody test adopted by Stern and Wecker.
(If the two
tests do not materially differ, why not rely on one "best
interests of the child" standard for visitation and custody?)
However, perhaps because visitation is arguably a less drastic
encroachment on a biological parent's rights, and because New
Jersey statutes grant standing to non-parents, including
grandparents and siblings, to petition for visitation, Stern agreed
with Wecker that visitation was in the best interests of the
children in this case.
Braithwaite disagreed, noting that if a statutory enactment was
necessary to give siblings and grandparents standing to seek
visitation in New Jersey, legislative action should be necessary to
grant standing to other non-parents seeking visitation.=20
Braithwaite's fear was motivated in part by his belief that
babysitters, nannies and others would take advantage of a lax
standard for who may be awarded visitation rights without statutory
authority:
"In the absence of an express public policy to the
contrary, a parent ought to have the right to decide who maintains
a relationship with his children and what is in her best interest.
Applying the factors set forth by the Wisconsin Supreme Court, as
the majority does here, undermines the rights of all natural and
adoptive parents and leads to more litigation concerning the rights
of individuals claiming to be parents."
Judge Wecker challenged Judge Braithwaite's slippery slope
argument: "Suffice it to say that the facts apparent in the
record before us, with respect to this plaintiff's relationship
with these children could not be established by the average
babysitter, nanny or grandparent.
Those few persons who can prove
a relationship similar to that of the plaintiff with these children
should be properly recognized."
The plaintiff was represented by Robin T. Wernik of Granata, Wernik
& Zaccardi.
The defendant was represented by Anne W. Elwell of
Elwell and Albino.
_Ian Chesir-Teran_=20
* * * * * Following closely in the wake of the above decision, New
Jersey Superior Court Judge Katherine Dupuis in Elizabeth, N.J.,=20
ruled March 30 that a lesbian co-parent could have visitation with
the two children she had been raising with her former partner, but
not joint custody.
The _Newark Star-Ledger_ (March 30) did
not identify the parties, but did identify the attorneys for the
two women, Francine Gargano representing the birth mother of the
children and Mary Ann Bauer representing the former partner of the
birth mother.
The couple in question had a 13-year relationship
and split in February 1995.
The children, two boys, are now 4 and
7.
Gargano stated that her client, who is in a new relationship,
has not decided whether to appeal the visitation decision.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS=20
Illinois Appellate Court Rejects Challenge to Chicago
Domestic Partnership Ordinance
The Appellate Court of Illinois issued a decision on March 31
rejecting a legal challenge to the Chicago Domestic Partnership
Ordinance.
_Crawford v. City of Chicago_, No. 1-98-0920 (5th
Div.).
The unanimous ruling, given in an opinion by Justice
Hartman, turned largely on intricacies of Illinois home rule law.
The Chicago City Council passed the Domestic Partnership Ordinance
on March 19, 1997.
The ordinance provides that domestic partners
of city employees "shall be eligible for the same benefits,
including but not limited to health coverage, as are available to
the spouse of an individual employed by the city of Chicago,"
and specified the qualifications for coverage.
The plaintiffs, a
group of Chicago tax-payers, filed suit on May 7, 1997, arguing
that the council lacked authority to pass the ordinance, and sought
injunctive relief to stop it from going into effect.
Circuit Judge
Thomas Durkin refused interim relief, and ultimately ruled in
February 1998 that the ordinance was validly enacted.
In
implementing the ordinance, "the City offered health, dental
and vision insurance benefits, at favorable rates, to domestic
partners of city employees.
The City also offered contributory
group long term disability insurance.
To the date of judgment,
only nineteen individuals had been certified as meeting the
eligibility standards for domestic partnership under the
ordinance."
First clearing away procedural underbrush, the Appellate Court
upheld Judge Durkin's determination that a challenge to non-health
insurance benefits was not ripe at this time.
Although the
ordinance, by its terms, could conceivably extend to any benefit
the city presently affords to the spouses of its employees, the
court found that the only benefit on which the City is now spending
any taxpayer funds is health insurance, and thus this was the only
subject in controversy.
"Although it may be prophesied that
the City may contemplate granting such benefits at some time in the
future, it has not done so at the present time," wrote Hartman.
Moving to the summary judgment that was granted to the City and
several employee-intervenors (who are represented in the case by
Lambda Legal Defense Fund's Midwestern Office, based in Chicago),
the court next dealt with the argument that the ordinance is beyond
the scope of Chicago's home rule authority.
This is a difficult
argument to make, however, as the Illinois Constitution of 1970
grants broad lawmaking authority to municipalities, stating in art.
VII, section 6(a): "[A] home rule unit may exercise any power
and perform any function pertaining to its government and affairs
including, but not limited to, the power to regulate for the
protection of the public health, safety, morals and welfare; to
license; to tax; and to incur debt."
As Hartman noted, this
provision "has been interpreted as having the intent that home
rule units be given the broadest powers possible."
Elsewhere,
the Constitution provides in art. VII, section 6(m), that the
powers of home rule units "shall be liberally construed."
Characterizing the issue in this case as one of "first
impression," Hartman found that the ordinance "was designed
to protect the health of the City's employees and their domestic
partners," and thus came squarely within an enumerated home
rule unit power.
Further, Hartman observed that in Illinois,
unlike many other states, localities are not precluded from
legislating on matters that could also be subject to state
regulation; if the locality's authority is to be preempted, it must
be by an affirmative act of state legislation.
Here, the plaintiffs' attempt to paint the ordinance as being
preempted by or inconsistent with the state's marriage laws was
unavailing, because Hartman would not accept the characterization
of the ordinance as an attempt to create same-sex marriage on the
local level.
"Nothing in the DPO [domestic partnership
ordinance] purports to create a marital status or marriage as those
terms are commonly defined," wrote Hartman.
"Rather, the
DPO addresses only health benefits extended to City employees and
those residing with them."
Hartman found this case
"entirely dissimilar" to a recent appellate ruling
rejecting an attempt by a surviving same-sex partner to claim an
elective share against an estate.
"Plaintiffs cite no
statutory provision which expressly preempts the City's authority
to legislate in the area of its own employee benefits, nor have
they referred this court to any statute which prohibits domestic
partners from receiving employee benefits in Illinois."
Hartman commented that the city has an essential interest in being
able to compete effectively in the job market, and thus in
retaining the authority to adjust its compensation and benefits to
attract qualified employees.
Thus, the subject matter of the
ordinance was of great local concern.
Hartman rejected the
plaintiffs' argument that because the definition of marriage is a
matter of statewide concern, it would not be proper to allow a city
to legislate on the subject, once again rejecting the argument that
the DPO has anything to do with marriage or with undermining any
state policy to encourage marriage, asserting that the "DPO
affects only Chicago's personnel policies; no state policy
involving any other locality is either involved or undermined. .
." =20
Finally, the court rejected the authority of _Lilly v. City of
Minneapolis_, 527 N.W.2d 107 (Minn.App. 1995), in which the
domestic partnership ordinance of Minneapolis was invalidated,
pointing out that home rule law in Minnesota is different from
Illinois.
In Minnesota, implied preemption is favored, while in
Illinois, home rule power is presumed to exist in the absence of
express state legislative preemption.
A.S.L.
Medical Students Lose First Round in Litigation Over Partner
Rights in University Housing
Two lesbian medical students have lost the first round in
their battle to be able to live with their same-sex partners in
university-subsidized apartments in the Bronx, New York.
Ruling on
defendant's motion to dismiss in _Levin v. Yeshiva
University_, NYLJ, 4/1/99, p.31, col.3 (N.Y. Supreme Ct., New
York County), Justice Franklin R. Weissberg found that the
plaintiffs had failed to state a claim under the state and local
non-discrimination laws or under a state law conferring a right on
residential tenants to have an unrelated roommate.
Sara Levin and Maggie Jones, both lesbians, are students at
Einstein Medical College of Yeshiva University.
The medical
college is located in the Bronx, New York.
Rental housing is very
expensive in New York, so the College makes available apartments to
students at subsidized rentals well below the market rate.=20
University policy limits occupancy to students and their spouses or
dependent children.
When Levin and Jones applied to allow their
same-sex partners to live with them in university-subsidized
apartments, their application was denied.
The lawsuit is premised on three theories: that the university's
housing policy constitutes discrimination on the basis of marital
status, in violation of the New York Human Rights Law and the New
York City Human Rights Ordinance, both of which prohibit marital
status discrimination; that the university's housing policy has a
disparate impact on lesbian and gay students, in violation of the
sexual orientation provisions of the City Human Rights Ordinance;
and that the policy runs afoul of the state's Roommate Law, which
applies to all residential rental housing.
(Another issue looming
in the case but not relevant on the motion to dismiss was whether
any or all of these laws could be used to compel Yeshiva University
to change a policy that it would claim effectuates religious
dictates, inasmuch as Yeshiva University characterizes itself as an
orthodox Jewish institution.)
As to the first theory, Justice Weissberg found that the New York
Court of Appeals has adopted a limited interpretation of the
marital status provision, under which the law cannot be used to
challenge policies that discriminate against people because of
their non-marital relationships.
In _Manhattan Pizza Hut v.
Human Rights Appeal Board_, 51 N.Y.2d 506 (1980), the court
rejected a challenge to the employer's anti-nepotism policy, under
which if employees married each other, one would have to resign
from the company.
In that case, the court said that the statute
prohibited discriminating against somebody because of their status
of being single or married or divorced, but did not prohibit
discriminating against somebody because their spouse is also an
employee of the company, or because of the employee's
"relationships."
Similarly, in _Hudson View Properties
v. Weiss_, 59 N.Y.2d 733 (1983), the court of appeals held that
a landlord did not violate the marital status provision by seeking
eviction of a tenant because she invited her boyfriend to live with
her in her apartment, even though the lease would allow her to
invite a spouse to live with her. =20
In both cases, said Weissberg, it was clear that the defendants
could take into account the nature of the relationship between the
plaintiff and another person without violating the marital status
provision.
Weissberg rejected the plaintiffs' argument that
_Hudson View_'s holding on this point had been overruled by
_Braschi v. Stahl Associates_, 74 N.Y.2d 201, the 1989 case in
which the court of appeals ruled that a domestic partner could
benefit from succession rights to a rent controlled apartment.=20
That was a case of statutory construction, and the term to be
construed was "family member."
According to Weissberg,
_Braschi_ has no necessary connection to the issue whether
discrimination against unmarried couples violates the marital
status provisions.
Ironically, it was the _Hudson View_ ruling that led the New
York legislature to pass the Roommate Law, Real Prop. L. sec. 235-
f, requiring landlords to allow tenants to have unrelated
roommates.
While conceding that on its face this law would seem to
compel a ruling for the plaintiffs, Weissberg concluded that the
legislature never intended by passing this law to preempt the right
of colleges and universities to determine who may live in the
housing they make available to their students, whether in
dormitories or in subsidized apartments for graduate students. =20
Weissberg contended that the housing at issue in this case "is
a temporary residence offered only to students at the medical
school and made available only so long as the student is enrolled.=20
It is made available as a benefit and convenience to students and
is, to that end, offered at below market rates.
To maximize the
number of students who can take advantage of the benefits of such
housing and to maintain its low rates, the college may require not
only that the student share the apartment, but that the student
share a room with another student whom it alone chooses. . .
Under
the circumstances, a law which requires that the landlord allow the
tenant to reside with a member of his or her immediate family, as
well as a friend of his or her choosing, is simply
inapplicable."
Weissberg also rejected the disparate impact argument under the
City Human Rights Ordinance, which prohibits sexual orientation
discrimination.
Weissberg argued that the university's policy
"does not, in fact, have a detrimental impact on a homosexual
student's ability to obtain university housing," noting that
both Levin and Jones were offered such housing.
Weissberg then
made the same argument he had advanced in construing the marital
status provision: to the extent that Levin and Jones suffered any
detriment, it was as members of a couple rather than as individuals
due to their sexual orientation.
And to the extent they had a
quarrel with anyone, it was with the state, for refusing to let
same-sex couples marry.
"It is hardly discriminatory for a party such as Einstein to
recognize the significance of a marriage certificate.
Einstein is
not responsible for the fact that gay and lesbian students are
unable to provide the college with a marriage certificate which
validates their relationship with their partner.
The plaintiffs'
real complaint lies not with the defendants but, rather, with the
refusal of the New York State Legislature to sanction same-sex
marriages.
Any change in policy that has such far-reaching
ramifications is for the Legislature, not the courts."
The plaintiffs are represented by James Esseks of Vladek, Waldman,
Elias & Englehard.
A.S.L.
Louisiana Sodomy Law Takes a Second Hit
In a ruling issued on March 17, Louisiana Civil District
Court Judge Carolyn W. Gill-Jefferson found that the La.R.S.
14:89(A)(1), a "crime against nature" statute, is
"unconstitutional only insofar as it prohibits non-commercial,
consensual, private sexual behavior by adult human beings."=20
_Louisiana Electorate of Gays and Lesbians, Inc. v. State of
Louisiana_, No. 94-9260.
The finding was unsurprising, inasmuch
as the court of appeal to which her decision would be appealed had
previously found the statute unconstitutional in a case involving
the prosecution of a heterosexual man for engaging in oral sex with
a woman in private. =20
This case was brought by New Orleans attorney John Rawls on behalf
of the gay rights organization and a group of named plaintiffs
(including Rawls himself), advancing a dozen state constitutional
theories to challenge the sodomy law, including, in addition to
right of privacy, equal protection claims on the basis of sex,
physical condition, birth, culture, and religious ideas, beliefs
and affiliations, establishment of religion, denial of access to
public areas, denial of freedom of assembly, denial of freedom to
petition the government for grievances, cruel and unusual
punishment, discriminatory legislative intent, and bill of
attainder.
A non-jury trial was held on October 26-30, 1998.
On
Feb. 9, the court of appeals issued its ruling in _State v.
Smith_, 1999 WL 74614, and Judge Gill-Jefferson's decision issued
a month later.
Most of the written opinion in the case consists of complete
quotations from a long list of other Louisiana statutes that are
affected by or rely upon by the sodomy law, and thus were subject
to ancillary challenge, and to consideration of the state's
argument that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the
statute.
The court found that plaintiffs had adequately proven
"that they do engage in conduct prohibited by the targeted
statutes," and that studies by John Penny, a criminologist,
showed that "there were at least twenty-eight arrests made in
Louisiana pursuant to La.R.S. 14:89(A) for uncompensated oral or
anal sex in arguably protected locations such as parked
automobiles."
The court also found that the plaintiff
organization had standing on behalf of its members and others
affected by the statute, including married couples as to whom the
state conceded that the statute is unconstitutional. =20
Surprisingly, after having listed many of the plaintiffs'
constitutional theories early in the opinion, the court focused its
analysis solely on the right of privacy challenge.
Noting that the
Louisiana Supreme Court had previously ruled that the Louisiana
Constitution's protection for privacy "affords even more
stringent protection of individual liberty than does the Fourth
Amendment," Judge Gill-Jefferson accepted plaintiffs' arguments
that the statute violated both locational privacy (by criminalizing
conduct that occurs in private bedrooms) and personal privacy, by
implicating the right of "control over one's body," which
she characterizes as "the first form of autonomy."
The state sought to rest its defense on the assertion that none of
the plaintiffs had actually been arrested or searched in a private
place, and that in 1976 the state supreme court had rejected a
constitutional challenge to the sodomy law.
The court quickly
disposed of these arguments, noting the first was only relevant to
the standing point, which had already been resolved against the
state, and that the second was off the mark because the cited case
was decided on federal constitutional grounds.
The court concluded
that "the state has presented no evidence, much less the
required compelling state interest, to justify its intrusion on
plaintiffs' constitutionally protected right of privacy."
As a remedy, the court declared La.R.S. 14:89(A)(1)
unconstitutional, as described above, and also declared
unconstitutional the long string of other statutes quoted in the
opinion "only as they related to the above specified
prohibition of La.R.S. 14:89(A)(1).
The court entered a permanent
injunction banning enforcement of these statutes "against non-
commercial, consensual, private sexual behavior by adults."=20
The injunction runs against the attorney general and all the local
district attorneys in the state save one, the prosecutor in
Jefferson Parish, who is already under an injunction against such
enforcement in a separate proceeding.
Although gratified by the ruling, attorney Rawls filed a motion
with the court on March 23 seeking a new trial or a revision of the
opinion.
Rawls' concern is that the opinion disposes of the
challenge solely on privacy grounds without expressly ruling on any
of the other constitutional theories advanced by the plaintiffs.=20
This might be construed as a ruling, sub silentio, that all the
other theories are without merit, and would certainly limit the
grounds on which the decision could be defended on appeal, assuming
the state will bring such an appeal.
(After the decision in
February in _State v. Smith_, there was an indication by the
state that it would appeal to defend the sodomy law.)
It would
also limit the precedential force of the ruling as a restraint on
the legislature, which might try to enact the sodomy law in a
different form.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court Will Hear University of Wisconsin Student Fee
Case
On March 29, the U.S. Supreme Court announced a grant of
certiorari in _Board of Regents, University of Wisconsin v.
Southworth_, 1999 WL 42270, 67 USLW 3496, in which the petitioner
seeks review of _Southworth v. Grebe_, 151 F.3d 717, reh.
denied en banc, 157 F.3d 1124 (7th Cir. 1998), in which the 7th
Circuit held that use of mandatory student activity fees to fund
politically-active student organizations violates the rights of
students who object to the political activities in question.
This case is one of a series of cases instigated by right-wing
litigation groups seeking to defund progressive and left-wing
student organizations at colleges and universities.
The cases date
back to the 1970's, when public interest research groups (PIRGs)
began to spring up at colleges, inspired by the work of Ralph
Nader, seeking to involve students in consumer and environmental
activism.
Lower federal courts and state courts have issued a
variety of decisions going in different directions on the question
whether individual students who disagree with the positions taken
by particular student groups suffer a 1st Amendment deprivation of
freedom of speech when student activity fee money is used to fund
such groups.
In _Southworth_, a small group of conservative self-styled
Christian students brought suit against the University of
Wisconsin, seeking a declaration that their rights were violated by
student fee funding awarded to a long list of groups, including two
lesbian and gay groups and an AIDS-services group, as well as the
campus women's center which engages in counseling and advocacy on
reproductive rights and abortion.
The district court and a
majority of the 7th Circuit accepted the plaintiffs' arguments, and
ordered the University to come up with a system for determining the
portion of each student's activity fee attributable to particular
groups and a mechanism for students to elect, in advance, not to
support particular groups and not to be charged that proportion of
the activity fee. =20
Dissenting from the en banc 7th Circuit decision, four judges
accepted the University's argument that student activity fees fund
a public forum in which diverse groups are encouraged to
participate as part of the academic environment of the campus, and
that individual students had no particular 1st Amendment injury
when some of the funded groups take positions with which the
students disagree.
The Court did not grant cert. on all the questions posed by the
University as petitioner, limiting the grant of review to the
following question: " Whether the First Amendment is offended
by a policy or program under which public university students must
pay mandatory fees that are used in part to support organizations
that engage in political speech."
Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund represents, as amicus
curiae, one of the lesbian and gay student groups targeted by the
plaintiffs in this case, and is also representing several student
groups targeted in a similar lawsuit currently pending against the
University of Minnesota.
A.S.L.
Surviving Lesbian Partner Wins Right to Rent-Controlled
Apartment
In a decision published in the _New York Law Journal_ on
March 24, Judge Bruce Kramer of the Civil Court of the City of New
York found that a lesbian domestic partner had succeeded to the
rent-controlled tenancy of her deceased life-partner.
_Adler v.
Harris_, N.Y.L.J., 3.24.99, p.29, col.6.
In New York, pursuant
to the Court of Appeals decision in _Braschi v. Stahl
Associates_, 74 N.Y.2d 201 (1989), non-traditional family
members (i.e., any other person residing with the tenant who can
prove emotional and financial commitment and interdependence
between such person and the tenant) may succeed to the tenant's
rent-controlled or rent-stabilized tenancy provided they can
prove they lived in the apartment with the tenant as their primary
residence for the two-year period preceding the tenant's death.
In this case, Judge Kramer found that the respondent, Ms. Harris,
had met the former tenant of the apartment, Ms. Blaine, in 1965.=20
Harris moved in with Blaine in 1967 and was still living there when
Blaine died in 1996.
Blaine, a noted artist, was openly lesbian
and her obituary in the _New York Times_ described Harris as
Blaine's companion.
Moreover, the couple shared joint bank
accounts and credit cards.
The landlord sought to evict Harris from the rent-controlled
apartment, claiming that Harris actually resided elsewhere in New
York City, maintaining a rent-stabilized apartment at 294 West 92nd
Street.
The landlord claimed that since both rent control and rent
stabilization require the tenant to occupy the apartment as their
primary residence, the other rental was dispositive of the issue of
whether Blaine's apartment was Harris's primary residence.
On cross-motions for summary judgment, Judge Kramer noted that the
determinative factors in its accession case are: 1) Longevity of
the relationship; 2) Sharing of household and other necessary
expenses; 3) Intermingling of finances as evidenced by joint
ownership of bank accounts, personal and real property; credit
cards; 4) engaging in family type activities, jointly attending
family functions, and holding out publicly as family members; 5)
formalizing of legal obligations, intentions and responsibilities
to each other by executing wills naming each other as executor
and/or beneficiary, power of attorneys and health care agents and
filing a domestic partnership declaration;
6) performing family
functions, such as caring for each other's extended family members,
and/or relying upon each other for daily family function; and 7)
any other pattern or behavior that evidences the intention to
create a long term, emotionally committed relationship.
Kramer noted, however, that these factors, although helpful, are
not dispositive of whether the relationship entitles the partner to
succession.
Citing _E. Tenth Street v. Goldstein_, 154
A.D.2d 142 (1st Dep't 1990), the court stated: "the intended
protection against sudden eviction should not rest on fictitious
legal distinctions or genetic history, but instead should find its
foundation in a reality of family life."
Judge Kramer found that the overwhelming evidence produced evinced
the long term and loving relationship between Blaine and Harris.=20
Moreover, Blaine named Harris executor of her estate and bequeathed
the majority of her estate, including a vacation home in
Massachusetts, to Harris.
As to the rent-stabilized apartment
maintained elsewhere in New York City by Harris, Kramer noted that
the primary residence requirement of the Rent Stabilization Law
would not bar Harris from succeeding to Blaine's apartment merely
because she maintained a rent stabilized apartment elsewhere.=20
Harris claimed that she rented the other apartment solely for use
as an art studio, and provided affidavits from the building
superintendent and the landlord to that effect.
The failure to
maintain the other apartment as her primary residence merely
abrogates the tenant's right to a renewal lease there, but is not
dispositive of where they primarily reside. =20
After reciting the above facts, the court denied the landlord's
motion for summary judgment and granted Harris's motion for summary
judgment, finding that she had succeeded to Blaine's rent-
controlled tenancy, and awarded possession of the rent-controlled
apartment to Harris.
_Todd V. Lamb_
N.Y. Trial Court Refuses to Dismiss Forcible Sodomy Claim
Against Home Health Care Attendant on Complaint by Quadriplegic
Client
J.P. Orda was indicted for first degree sodomy and first
degree sexual abuse on the complaint of A.E., a quadriplegic client
of a home health care agency for which Orda works as an attendant.=20
_People v. Orda_, NYLJ, 4/1/1999, p.32, col.1 (N.Y.Sup.Ct.,
Bronx Co.).
Orda moved to dismiss the indictment, claiming the
facts alleged did not constitute "forcible compulsion"
required by the statute.
According to A.E., he is a quadriplegic, unable to move from the
neck down and requiring assistance to change clothes, etc.
A.E.
claims that while Orda was changing his clothes, A.E. asked him to
adjust the condom catheter attached to his penis.
As the catheter
was being removed, A.E. experienced an "involuntary erection.=20
At this juncture," wrote Justice Massaro, "the complainant
alleges that Defendant made an unwelcome remark about his state of
arousal, to which complainant replied, `[Y]ou keep talking to me
like this, I=FEm going to call the supervisor.=FE Allegedly, Defendant
then placed his mouth on the complainant=FEs penis.
Mr. E. tells us
that lying on the bed, lacking any ability to move, he could only
scream to his neighbors for help, all the while demanding that
Defendant stop the unwanted activity.
He testified that he spit at
Defendant, causing Mr. Ordar to remark, `[I] don=FEt care, spit in my
face.=FE
At the end of this alleged episode, the complainant stated
that he was placed back in his wheelchair.
His demand for a
telephone was ignored; likewise his order that Defendant leave the
apartment immediately.
Mr. Orda, he testified, informed him that
he would leave only when the relief home health care attendant
arrived at shift=FEs end.
Further, he testified that he was
threatened: `[I]f I report him. . . he was going to do something to
me outside,=FE but expressed no fear."
The court determined that these circumstances, if proven, would
constitute forcible compulsion, even though the facts did not come
squarely within the statutory definition or the situations
described in prior cases.
Tracing the history of legislative
treatment of this issue, Massaro showed that the focus of legal
scrutiny has shifted "onto the conduct of the attacker and away
from the level of resistance offered by the victim, the traditional
standard inherited from the common law."
Compulsion may come
from the use of physical force, or by a threat of force.
Orda
argued that he never used physical force or threatened to use force
to compel A.E. to submit to his oral ministrations, but Massaro
noted a statement by the Appellate Division, 1st Department, in a
1992 case, that "Forcible compulsion can be established by
evidence that a defendant used his superior age, size and strength
to prevent the victim from escaping, and to compel [the victim] to
have sex. . . with him."
_People v. Roman_, 179 A.D.2d
352 (1st Dept. 1992).
Also, Massaro found that the situation as
described by A.E. was "inherently coercive."
However,
Massaro noted that the statutory definition of "physically=20
helpless"
" deserves reconsideration" inasmuch as the
requirement at present "is not satisfied by an inability to
move one=FEs body where the victim is able to protest verbally."=20
See NY Penal L. sec. 130.00[7].
Clearly, the statutes were not written with this situation directly
in mind, but nonetheless Massaro concluded that the indictment
should stand.
"If accepted as true, the finder of fact could
conclude, beyond a reasonable doubt, that Defendant engaged in an
objectionable sexual act by means of forcible compulsion, in that
he used physical force to compel said act." A.S.L.
8th Circuit Reverses Judgment Against School District for
Same-Sex Sexual Harassment Under Title IX
In a second appeal from the district court, the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 8th Circuit in reversed a judgment against a school
district and school officers in their official capacity under Title
IX.
_Kinman v. Omaha Public School District_, 1999 WL 148090
(Mar. 19) (Kinman II)
The case arose out of a sexual relationship
between a former student, Janet Kinman, and one of her high school
teachers, Sheryl McDougall. The sexual relationship began the
summer of 1989, between Kinman's junior and senior year. The
district was made aware of the relationship in October of 1989.
After receiving this information, the district removed Kinman from
McDougall's study hall. The sexual relationship between the two
temporarily ceased after this action. The relationship resumed
following Kinman's graduation in the spring of 1990. When the
district was notified that the two had resumed contact, it
investigated the nature of the relationship. After the district
confirmed the sexual nature of the relationship, McDougall was
terminated for violating the district's policy prohibiting teachers
from engaging in sexual relationships with former students within
two years of graduation. In addition, McDougall's teaching license
was revoked in 1992.=20
Kinman brought suit under 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983 and Title IX against
the district, and school officials and McDougall in their
individual and official capacities. In _Kinman v. Omaha Public
School District_, 94 F.3d 463 (8th Cir. 1996) (Kinman I), the 8th=20
Circuit affirmed a grant of summary judgment for the district and
school officials on the sec. 1983 claim on the ground that the
evidence did "not support a finding of either deliberate
indifference or tacit authorization on the part of school=20
officials, or of a pattern of persistent and widespread
unconstitutional practice."
The court remanded the suit on the
Title IX claim to be examined under a Title VII-like "knew or
should have known" standard of liability. On remand, the jury
found in favor of the plaintiff on her Title IX claim against the
district and school officials in their official capacities. The
district and the school officials appealed, and the plaintiff
cross-appealed, arguing that the district court erred in failing to
grant her motion for default judgment against McDougall on
plaintiff's sec. 1983 claims.=20
In a unanimous opinion written by Circuit Judge Wollman, the 8th=20
Circuit declared that, in light of an intervening change in the
law, it was "compelled to reverse the judgment" in favor of
the plaintiff on the Title IX claims. The jury below had found for
the plaintiff based on a "knew or should have known"
standard of liability. While the second appeal was pending,
however, the Supreme Court, in _Gebser v. Lago Indep. Sch.
Dist._, 118 S. Ct. 1989 (1998), clarified the standard for school
district liability under Title IX. The Supreme Court rejected the
"knew or should have known" standard, and instead held that
"a plaintiff in a Title IX case may not recover against a
school district without first showing that a district official with
the authority to address the complained-of conduct and take
corrective action had actual notice of the harassing behavior and
failed adequately to respond."
Given that the Kinman I court had held that the school district's=20
response could not be characterized as constituting deliberate=20
indifference, the Kinman II court held that application of the
standard enunciated in Gebser entitled the district and the school
officials to judgment as a matter of law.
Following the remand of Kinman I, the district court denied
plaintiff's post-trial motion for a default judgment against
McDougall in her individual capacity under sec. 1983 and Title IX
as moot, stating that "[j]udgment ha[d] already been entered by
the court against Sheryl McDougall in her official capacity,"
and that "liability does not lie under Title IX against persons
in their individual capacity." On plaintiff's cross-appeal, the
Kinman II court affirmed the district court's denial of the sec.
1983 claim based on a violation of Title IX.
The Kinman II court
stated that it agreed with the decisions of other circuits holding
that "school officials may not be sued in their individual
capacity under Title IX * * * because they are not grant
recipients."
(Title IX jurisdiction is premised on
institutional receipt of federal financial assistance.)=20
The Kinman II court, however, reversed the denial of plaintiff's
sec. 1983 claim against McDougall based on violations of the
Fourteenth Amendment. Explaining that the court had recently noted
that due process violations have been found when state actors
inflict sexual abuse on individuals, the court concluded that
"Kinman stated a valid cause of action against McDougall and
that the district court should have considered her motion for entry
of default judgment on the merits." _Courtney Joslin_
7th Circuit Avoids Interesting Post-_Oncale_ Same-Sex
Harassment Issues
Drawing back from an opportunity to consider whether
homophobic harassment in the workplace may violate Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964's ban on sexual discrimination, a panel of
the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the summary judgment in
favor of the employer in _Shermer v. Illinois Dept. of
Transportation_, 1999 WL 148034 (March 19).
According to the opinion by Circuit Judge Flaum, plaintiff James
Shermer alleged he was subject to hostile environment sexual
harassment because his male supervisor "repeatedly made
sexually offensive reamrks about Shermer in his presence and in the
presence of other employees.
These alleged remarks related to
Shermer engaging in sexual acts with men.
The record contains no
evidence elaborating on the nature, frequency or severity of these
remarks."
Shermer's case was one of many around the nation that was put
"on hold" by the trial judge pending the Supreme Court's
ruling in _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services, Inc._, 523
U.S. 75 (1998), in which the Court resolved a circuit split by
ruling that same-sex workplace harassment could be actionable under
Title VII, provided the plaintiff can show that the harassment was
motivated by the sex of the victim.
In this case, Shermer contended that he had satisfied the
requirements specified by the Supreme Court in _Oncale_
because the claimed harassment was evidence of sexual stereotyping
and because the comments were particularly offensive to him because
he is a man.
While subtly implying that neither of Shermer's
theories held water under Title VII, Flaum's opinion rests its
affirmance of the summary judgment on the more prosaic ground that
Shermer's complaint is void of the kind of detail necessary to make
out a sexual harassment case, failing to specify the frequency and
context of the supervisor's remarks.
Flaum found Shermer's factual
allegations to be "so completely lacking in detail that they
tell us nothing about the incidents of harassment or Trees' [the
supervisor's] alleged motivation in making the offensive comments.
. .
Given this evidentiary failure, the district court was correct
when it determined that Shermer did not present evidence that Trees
harassed him because of his gender."
A.S.L.
Mississippi Supreme Court Endorses Peeping Toms
In an outrageous 5-4 decision that drew two dissenting
opinions, the Mississippi Supreme Court affirmed the dismissal with
prejudice of an invasion of privacy claim brought by a lesbian
against the ex-husband of her lover who photographed the plaintiff
in a semi-nude state through her bedroom window without her
consent.
_Plaxico v. Michael_, 1999 WL 17462 (March 31). =20
Mr. and Mrs. Michael were divorced and Mrs. Michael was awarded
custody of their young daughter.
Mrs. Michael and daughter
continued to live in the cabin that had previously been rented by
Mr. Michael as the family home prior to the divorce.
Sometime
after the divorce, Ms. Plaxico moved in with Mrs. Michael.
Mr.
Michael then heard rumors that his ex-wife was engaged in a lesbian
affair with Ms. Plaxico.
Mr. Michael decided to file an action
seeking a change of custody of his daughter, based on this new
information, but felt he had to have some proof before his action
could be successful. =20
One night in June 1993, he slipped up to a window of the cabin
through which he "witnessed Plaxico and his former wife having
sexual relations.
He left to retrieve a camera from his vehicle.=20
After doing so, he returned and took three (3) photographs of
Plaxico, who was sitting in bed naked.
However, the bed covers
covered her from the waist down."
Michael delivered the
pictures to his attorney and then filed an action for modification
of custody.
The pictures were revealed to Mrs. Michael=FEs attorney
in response to discovery requests.
The Chancellor granted Mr.
Michael custody in the proceeding.
Plaxico sued for invasion of privacy, specifying the particular
tort of intentional intrusion upon seclusion and solitude.
She
testified that she and Mrs. Michael were lovers.
The circuit court
dismissed the action with prejudice, ruling that because he was
motivated solely by concern for his daughter=FEs welfare, Mr. Michael
was qualifiedly privileged to engage in conduct that would be
otherwise tortious; the court ordered Plaxico to pay court costs of
the proceeding but made no award of attorneys fees.
Plaxico
appealed.
Writing for the court, Justice Smith found that based on
Mississippi precedents, in an action for intentional intrusion upon
solitude or seclusion, "a plaintiff must meet a heavy burden of
showing a substantial interference with his seclusion of a kind
that `would be highly offensive to the ordinary, reasonable man, as
the result of conduct to which the reasonable man would strongly
object.=FE" (The doubled-quoted language is from Restatement 2nd
of Torts, sec. 652B, comment d.)
"Further, the plaintiff must
show some bad faith or utterly reckless prying to recover on an
invasion of privacy cause of action."
Publication to a third
party is not required as an element of the tort.
In this case, Smith asserted that Plaxico failed to prove all the
elements of the claim because "we conclude that a reasonable
person would not feel Michael=FEs interference with Plaxico=FEs
seclusion was a substantial one that would rise to the level of
gross offensiveness as required to prove [the tort]."
Smith
based this assertion on the contention that "parents have a
predominant and primary interest in the nurture and care of their
children."
Characterizing the relationship between Mrs.
Michael and Plaxico as an "illicit lesbian sexual
relationship," Smith gave preclusive weight to Mr. Michael=FEs
contention that he was solely motivated by concern for his
daughter=FEs welfare in doing what he did.
"Michael believed
that he took these pictures for the sole purpose to protect his
minor child.
Although these actions were done without Plaxico=FEs
consent, this conduct is not highly offensive to the ordinary
person which would cause the reasonable person to object.
In fact,
most reasonable people would feel Michael=FEs actions were justified
to protect the welfare of his minor child."
For Smith to make such an assertion in a case decided 5-4 is
patently absurd, of course.
Assuming he would concede that all the
members of the Mississippi Supreme Court are reasonable people, and
that at least four of them disagreed with this conclusion, how
could he assert that no reasonable person would object to what
Michael had done?
Chief Justice Prather and Justices Banks, Sullivan and McRae
dissented, with opinions by Banks and McRae.
Wrote Banks, "I
disagree both with the premise and the conclusion. . .
In my view,
peeping into the bedroom window of another is a gross invasion of
privacy which may subject one to liability for intentional
intrusion upon the solitude or seclusion of that other. . .
The
trial court found refuge in what it found to be a qualified
privilege to see to the best interest of a child.
Neither rumors
concerning an ex-wife=FEs lifestyle nor a parent=FEs justifiable
concern over the best interests of his child, however, gave Michael
license to spy on a person=FEs bedroom, take photographs of her in a
semi-nude state and have those photographs developed by third
parties and delivered to his attorney thereby exposing them to
others.
While it is not my view that the publication to others is
necessary for tort liability here, I make reference to it to
demonstrate the highly offensive nature of the behavior here
involved. . .
In another context, we have observed that `the end
does not justify the means. . .
Our society is one of law, not
expediency.
This message must be repeated at every opportunity. .
.=FE I regret that today=FEs majority here does not follow these worthy
ideals."
All the dissenters joined Banks=FE opinion.
In a separate dissenting opinion also joined by Justice Banks,
Justice McRae wrote:
"While the majority did not reach the
issue, it impliedly affirms the lower court=FEs finding that Michael
had a qualified privilege to take the semi-nude photographs of
Plaxico to obtain information helpful to him in his custody battle
with his former wife.
Ms. Plaxico, the paramour of Michael=FEs ex-
wife, however, was not a party to the custody proceedings.
As the
majority points out, it matters not whether Michael=FEs former wife
was involved in a lesbian or a heterosexual relationship.
Michael
was not at liberty to peek in the women=FEs bedroom window, an act
that can only be characterized as voyeuristic.
Nor was he at
liberty to take photographs of Plaxico and share them with his
attorney. At best, only pictures of his former wife could possibly
be characterized as helpful to Michael=FEs case.
As to Plaxico, any
privilege allowed Michael is misplaced."
A.S.L.
Federal Court Denies Habeas in Manslaughter Conviction With
a Gay Angle
A federal district court upheld the first degree manslaughter
conviction of Jimmy Dale Smith, who asserted that he acted out of
a fear of "contracting AIDS" and fear and disgust "by
the idea of homosexual activity."
Smith was convicted of two
counts of manslaughter in the deaths of Robert Grecz and Jay
Fiederlien in Glen Cove, N.Y., in April 1992, as well as several
weapons possession counts.
The N.Y. Appellate Division vacated one
of the manslaughter convictions due to a jury charge error by the
trial court, but sustained the others with lengthy prison terms.=20
Smith sought a writ of habeas corpus from the federal court.=20
_Smith v. Senkowski_, 1999 WL 138903 (E.D.N.Y., March 10).=20
According to the Smith's account of events, he went to Glen Cove to
pick up $70,000 in antique toys (that he had already paid for) from
Grecz and Fiederlien on April 11, 1992.
Smith stayed at Grecz's
home while waiting for the toys to be delivered.
After four days
with no delivery, Smith prepared to go back to Texas and contact
the authorities.
According to Smith, Grecz took Smith's gun from
the bedroom closet and held the gun to Smith's head while
Fiederlein
stabbed Smith with a syringe that Smith believed Grecz
had used to inject heroin.
Smith was then dragged to the bathroom,
where Grecz gave the gun to Fiederlien, stripped and demanded that
Smith try to give him an erection manually.
This failing,
Fiederlien then tried to put his penis in Smith's mouth.
When
Smith refused, Fiederlien hit Smith and left the bathroom.
Smith
grabbed the gun, which was left on the bathtub.
When Grecz
"lunged" at him, Smith shot him and shot him again when he
tried to stand.
As he was leaving the house, Smith heard a noise
and saw Fiederlien laying in the bedroom with a knife near him.=20
When Fiederlien moved, Smith emptied the gun in him and threw the
gun in the bathtub.
He then returned his rental truck and went to
the airport.
A defense psychiatrist testified that Smith was acting out of
"extreme fear and terror" due to his fear of
"contracting AIDS" from the syringe and because of his fear
and disgust of homosexual activity.
A prosecution psychiatrist
testified that Smith's behavior was consistent with anger over
"a failed business deal."
The jury evidently accepted the
"extreme emotional disturbance" defense and convicted him
of two counts of 1st degree manslaughter.
Seeking habeas corpus, Smith alleged several errors, including that
the judge did not allow testimony as to his sanity, which District
Judge Nina Gershon rejected.
She found that even if there was
error in limiting the testimony, it was harmless because Smith
never properly asserted an insanity defense.
_Daniel R
Schaffer_=20
Illinois Appeals Court Confirms Conviction in Gay-on-Gay
Murder=20
The Appellate Court of Illinois, 2nd District, rejected
several challenges to the conviction of Louis Rozo for the murder
of Christy Shervanian, both gay men, allegedly motivated by sexual
jealousy.
_People v. Rozo_, 1999 WL 160565 (March 24).
The
opinion for the court by Justice McLaren does not contain a clear
narrative of how Rozo murdered Shervanian, but in the course of
ruling on Rozo=FEs various claims on appeal, McLaren paints a picture
of a triangular situation in which Rozo was upset because his
boyfriend at the time of the murder, Rudy Zink, had continued to
have a friendly relationship with Shervanian, with whom Zink had
formerly been romantically involved. =20
At trial, the state produced Zink as a witness, and Zink testified
both about his recent relationship with Rozo and his past
relationship and continued friendship with Shervanian.
Rozo
testified in his own defense and denied being "a
homosexual."
In rebuttal, the state introduced as evidence a
dildo found during a search of Rozo=FEs apartment.
The state also
introduced evidence tending to link Rozo with an arson attempt at
Shervanian=FEs house a few months prior to the murder and the
placement of a bomb on Shervanian=FEs van. =20
On appeal, Rozo claimed that the trial court erred in allowing
admission of evidence about his sexual orientation; the trial court
denied a motion in limine seeking to prohibit such testimony.=20
McLaren found that Rozo=FEs sexual orientation was directly relevant
to the prosecution=FEs theory of the case, which was that the murder
was motivated by Rozo=FEs sexual jealousy.
"Here, the state was
attempting to prove that a love triangle connecting defendant,
Shervanian, and Zink was the motive for the slaying of Shervanian.=20
As all three members of the purported triangle were male, the
sexual orientation of each member, including defendant, was
relevant and material to the State=FEs case."
However, McLaren found that introduction of the dildo in evidence
was improper.
"There was no proof adduced at trial that a
dildo tends to prove sexual preference, either homosexual or
heterosexual.
The dildo had no probative value, and its
introduction was inflammatory."
But the court found that
introduction of the dildo was not so inflammatory as to deny Rozo
a fair trial.
"The dildo was of such minor consequence in the
evidence in this case that we conclude that the error in its use as
evidence was harmless and does not require reversal of defendant=FEs
convictions."
The court also rejected Rozo=FEs claims that the trial court erred in
allowing expert witness that tended to confirm his tie to the
bombing attempt, and all testimony concerning the arson and the
bombing attempt.
While evidence of "other crimes" is
sometimes precluded on the theory that it tends to prejudice the
defendant without being probative on the issue of whether the
defendant committed the crime that is charged in the case, the
court found that its introduction in this case was appropriate:
"We conclude that the court did not abuse its discretion in
allowing the introduction of evidence of other crimes.
The
evidence of defendant=FEs participation in these crimes is more than
mere suspicion, especially when considering that the murder and the
other crimes all occurred within a 49-day span.
The evidence
suggests that defendant was involved in these crimes, all against
the same victim."
However, the case had to be remanded for resentencing because the
trial court inappropriately sentenced on multiple convictions
arising from the same act, in violation of the Illinois Criminal
Code.
A.S.L.
Puerto Rico Sodomy Challenge Survives Dismissal Motion
In _Sanchez v. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico_, Puerto Rico
Superior Court Judge Carmen Rita Velez Borras denied a motion by
the government to dismiss a challenge to the commonwealth=FEs sodomy
law, finding that the existence of the statute, together with
threats by government officials to enforce it, has a "chilling
effect" on sexual expression and relationships.
The court also
concluded that the ACLU has standing to "defend the rights of
those of its members who have been participating in conduct
punishable" under the challenged statute.
The March 5 opinion
in this ACLU lawsuit was issued in Spanish; translations of
excerpts can be read on-line at
.
A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
The Tennessee Court of Criminal Appeals has upheld the
conviction of Jeffrey Pitts, a former employee of Buffalo River
Services, an organization employing mentally disabled people, on
charges that Pitts committed sexual battery on a client of the
agency.
_State v. Pitts_, 1999 WL 144744 (March 18).
The
complainant, D.Q., was 43 years old at the time of the trial.=20
Although he could write his name and was able to testify in court
and stated that he felt the conduct in which he was engaged with
Pitts (oral sex) was "wrong," the court rejected Pitts=FE
argument that the sexual activity was consensual and thus not
subject to criminal prosecution in light of _Campbell v.
Sundquist_, 926 S.W.2d 250 (Tenn.App. 1996), a case holding the
Tennessee law against oral sex unconstitutional as applied to
consenting adults.
Noting that a qualification to be a client of
the agency was an IQ below 69, the court found that the sexual
activity alleged by D.Q. was non-consensual.
Pitts had denied
engaging in the conduct, contending that he had never been alone
with D.Q. in a car, contrary to D.Q.=FEs allegations that Pitts
forced him to have oral sex during a car trip.=20
Kanawha (West Virginia) Circuit Judge Jim Stucky sentenced Robert
Bowers III to 60 years in prison for an August 1997 assault on
William Wilder, a traveling salesman characterized as
"bisexual" in a report in the _Charleston Gazette_
(March 30).
Bowers told the court that he was forced to beat up
Wilder because Wilder "imposed his unwanted sexual advances upon
me by fondling my privates.
I attacked Mr. Wilder essentially
because he placed me in an awkward situation.
I am not a homosexual
and i do not appreciate homosexuals trying to force their perversion
upon me.
I
therefore reacted violently."
Judge Stucky
rejected this attempt to justify violence, asserting that Bowers and
his co-defendant, Charles Frye, who turned state=FEs evidence and
received a ten-year sentence, selected Bowers as "a perfect
victim because you believed that no matter what you did, Mr. Bowers
would not have the ability or desire to report those actions to law
enforcement authorities.
This crime has no explanation or
justification in the court=FEs mind.
It is my responsibility in
sentencing you to attempt to send a message to you that such
behavior, such hatred, such violence on any citizen will not be
tolerated in Kanawha County."
A Utah jury found Todd Koolmo guilty of manslaughter in the murder
of his wife, apparently accepting his defense to a 2nd-degree murder
charge that he was under severe emotional distress because his wife
was engaging in lesbian affairs and had told him that if he didn=FEt
like that, he could leave the relationship.
Koolmo is set to be
sentenced by Utah 3rd District Judge Robert Hilder on April 26; the
maximum sentence is 15 years.
_Deseret News_, March 10. =20
Juan Chavez pleaded guilty to murdering five gay men by
strangulation a decade ago because he "hated homosexuals and had
to `stop them,=FE" according to the _Los Angeles Times_,
March 17.
Deputy District Attorney Michael Duarte told the
_Times_ that the victims=FE families and the police agreed that
he should negotiate a guilty plea that would produce a life sentence
rather than go for a conviction and death penalty, primarily due to
the weak state of
the evidence in these old cases.
Chavez told the
police that he killed the men to teach them a lesson: "They pick
people up.
They don=FEt let them know that they are sick, and a lot
of people be dying because of them.
So I better, you know, stop
them."
Chavez told police that he met his victims while seeking
to buy drugs in various well-known L.A. spots; the victims would
offer him money for sex; he would go home with them and, as they
disrobed, take out a knife and surprise them, then strangle them
with a rope or a piece of clothing after tying their hands and feet.=20
In all of the cases, Chavez would steal cash, jewelry, or
electronics, and sometimes cars, making the murders look like they
were motivated by theft.
A.S.L.
Civil Litigation Notes
The vast, right-wing conspiracy strikes again.
The Alliance
Defense Fund, of Scottsdale, Arizona, a non-profit organization
dedicated to "Christian legal causes," is funding a lawsuit
challenging the domestic partnership policy in Vancouver,
Washington.
Roni Heinsma, a local taxpayer, represented by attorney
Donald Esau, filed suit late in February, contending that the city
lacked authority to adopt the policy, which extends employee
benefits eligibility to the same and opposite-sex domestic partners
of city employees.
The policy was established last May by City
Manager Vernon Stoner, and 28 employees have signed up their
partners for the benefit program.
According to a report in _The
Columbian_, Feb. 26, the Alliance Defense Fund is supporting ten
such lawsuits challenging domestic partner policies around the U.S.
Jefferson County, Colorado, District Judge Christopher Munch has
urged
lesbian co-parents Leanne Bueker and Kelly Cunningham Naylor
to work out an agreement that would split their 9-year old
daughter=FEs time between Albany, N.Y., where Naylor is now living
with her husband, an architect, and Colorado, where Bueker remains.=20
Last year, in an unprecedented ruling, Munch awarded joint custody
of the child, born in 1989 through in-vitro fertilization at a time
when Bueker and Naylor were in a committed relationship.
Munch said
that if the lawyers for the women can=FEt come up with an agreement
by May 6, he will issue a temporary order to cover the summer.
_Bueker v. Cunningham_, No. 97-DR-861.
_Denver Post_,
March 7 & 19.
In a pending challenge to the Broward County, Florida, domestic
partnership ordinance, Circuit Judge Robert Andrews rejected a
petition from plaintiff Wally Lowe to issue an order stopping the
ordinance from going into effect.
Still pending before Andrews is
a motion by the county for dismissal of the suit, contending that
Lowe does not have standing in the case.
Lowe claims standing as
a county tax-payer.
_Sun-Sentinel_, March 20.
Virginia Circuit Judge Benjamin N.A. Kendrick ruled March 4 that
Arlington=FEs domestic partnership benefits policy is preempted by
state law.
Ruling on a claim brought by three local tax-payers,
Kendrick found that local governments lack authority under Virginia
law to define "dependent" to include unmarried partners of
their employees.
Kendrick stayed his ruling to allow the city to
appeal to the Virginia Supreme Court.
The ruling is premised on the
Dillon Rule, under which local government legislative authority is
limited to powers expressly granted or clearly implied by the state
legislature.
_Washington Post_, March 5.
The Arlington County
Board voted March 13 to appeal this decision to the Virginia Supreme
Court.
_Washington Blade_, March 19.
U.S. District Judge Schwartz (S.D.N.Y.) denied summary judgment to
the employer on same-sex harassment claims brought under Title VII
and the N.Y. Human Rights Law. _Matute v. Hyatt Corp._, 1999
WL 135204 (March 11).
Victor Matute, hired as a room service
attendant by Hyatt Hotels, was discharged during his probationary
period.
Matute claims that his supervisor, Frank Taylor, subjected
him to sexually-harassing conduct in the form of repeated
inappropriate touching, including touching his penis, tweaking his
nipple, trying to kiss him, and unwanted shoulder massages.
Hyatt
contends that Matute was discharged for poor performance, while
Matute says the discharge was at least partly because of his
negative response to Taylor=FEs "sexual overtures."
Judge
Schwartz found that Matute=FEs complaint stated claims of quid pro quo
and hostile environment harassment, and could not be decided on
summary judgment due to material factual disputes under both
theories.
Schwartz also rejected Hyatt=FEs argument that it was
automatically free of liability because Matute never brought these
issues to its attention prior to his discharge, observing that a
factual inquiry is necessary as to whether Hyatt=FEs system for
dealing with such complaints was adequate and whether circumstances
might have discourage Matute from complaining.
However, the court
did grant summary judgment against Matute on his state law emotional
distress claim, finding that New York sets a high standard for such
claims which was plainly not met by Matute=FEs factual allegations.=20
Noting differences in federal and state law, Schwartz dismissed
Taylor as an individual defendant from the federal action but kept
him in the case as an individual defendant in the state law action.=20
In a similar case, U.S. District Judge Vratil (D. Kansas) denied
summary judgment to the employer in _Carney v. City of
Shawnee_, 1999 WL 151042 (Feb. 19), in which three male police
officers alleged that their male supervisor subjected them to quid
pro quo and hostile environment sexual harassment.
The factual
allegations included repeated solicitations for oral sex and
unwanted touching, together with transfers to undesirable
assignments and the refusal of higher authorities to take the
charges seriously.
However, the court dismissed a state law
emotional distress claim.
A Denver, Colorado, jury has awarded $150,000 in damages to Dan
Anderson, who claimed he was fired by Cherry Creek Dodge as a
service manager because he is gay.
Although the jury did not rule
in Anderson=FEs favor on his sexual orientation discrimination claim,
it found the dealership guilty of outrageous conduct that included
derogatory signs and remarks by the owner made in front of other
employees, according to the _Rocky Mountain News_, March 4.=20
Anderson is represented by Robert Borquez, a gay attorney who was
himself a plaintiff in a case seeking to establish that Colorado
laws prohibiting employers from discriminating against employees
because of lawful off-duty conduct apply to anti-gay discrimination.=20
Evidently, the jury didn=FEt go for that theory in this case.
Borquez
said that attorneys for the defendant had offered $7500 to settle
the case prior to the verdict.
The owner of Cherry Creek Dodge,
Doug Moreland, told reporters that the claims against him were
unsubstantiated and he plans to appeal.
James Merrick, a gay school teacher who filed a discrimination claim
with the California State Labor Department after the Rio Brave-
Greeley Union School District granted the requests of parents to
remove students from his classes, has reached a settlement prompted
by Labor Commissioner Jose Millan=FEs March 9
ruling in favor of his
complaint.
Under the settlement, which has been approved by the
Bakersfield Board of Education, the school district will adopt a
non-discrimination policy and will specifically agree to reject any
parental request to transfer students based on the "ethnicity,
race, national origin, age, sex, actual or perceived sexual
orientation, disability, or political or religious beliefs of
classroom teachers."
The Board will also make a public
statement of support for Merrick, who is planning to retire in June.=20
Merrick is represented by Lambda Legal Defense Fund staff attorney
Myron Dean Quon.
The settlement was negotiated with the
participation of the California Teachers Association.
Merrick was
a recent recipient of the Teacher of the Year Award from the
Bakersfield Chamber of Commerce.
_Lambda Press Release_, March
18; < MI>Los Angeles Times_, March 10. =20
In the continuing saga of attempts by right-wingers to wreak
vengeance on lesbian high school teacher Wendy Weaver, the Utah 4th
District Court ruled March 16 that various counts in a complaint
filed by the "Citizens for Nebo School District for Moral and
Legal Values" should be dismissed.
The plaintiffs sued the
state, contending that Weaver=FEs license to teach should be revoked
on the ground that her continued employment violated the
Constitutional rights of the parents and
various state laws
concerning operation of the public schools, including the state=FEs
sodomy law..
Judge Ray Harding, Jr., dismissed most of the counts,
but retained a count claiming that Weaver violated religious and
personal rights of some of her students at Spanish Fork High School
by, for example, being present in the locker room when members of
the women=FEs volleyball team were showering.
Weaver=FEs attorney,
Richard Van Wagoner, and the Utah ACLU, working with Van Wagoner on
her defense, were preparing to move to dismiss the remaining counts.=20
_Deseret News_, March 17; March 24.
Meanwhile, U.S. District
Judge Bruce Jenkins has ordered the Nebo School District to pay
$61,910 to cover Weaver=FEs legal fees in her successful federal court
suit contesting the school=FEs refusal to reappoint her to coach the
volleyball team and the school=FEs gag order on her possible public
discussion of her sexual orientation.
_Deseret News_, March
23.
In a case briefly noted in the _New York Law Journal_ on March
8, _Lipman v. Honicorp Inc._, State Supreme Court Justice Louis
B. York (N.Y. County) ruled that a plaintiff complaining of anti-gay
employment discrimination who intended to rely at trial on testimony
by his domestic partner would have to disclose the partner's name
in response to a proper discovery request.
The court found there
was no applicable evidentiary privilege covering the partner's
identity.
Defense counsel had promised to keep the partner's name
confidential and not to file the deposition transcript with the
court.
Thus, the partner's identity will only become public if the
case actually goes to trial.
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
U.S. Representatives Barney Frank (D.-Mass.) and Tom Campbell
(R.-Cal.) have introduced H.R. 1123, a bill that would amend the
"Solomon Amendment" so that federal funds for student
financial assistance would not be affected by a school's decision
to adopt a non-discrimination policy that results in preventing on-
campus access to students by military recruiters.
The current
version of the Solomon Amendment, sec. 514 of 104 Pub.L. 208
(enacted 9/30/96), provides that no funds appropriated for the
Departments of Labor, Health & Human Services, Education or related
agencies, may go to institutions of higher education that adopt
policies that either directly exclude military recruiters or have
the effect of excluding military recruiters from on-campus access;
Solomon also cuts off federal funds to schools that don't allow ROTC
units to function on campus.
The Frank-Campbell bill, introduced
March 16, would merely clarify that the funding ban applies to
financial assistance to the institutions, not to financial
assistance to students (or grants to the institutions that are to
be used for student financial assistance).
It is the threat to cut
off student assistance funding that has led many law schools to
allow military recruiters on campus, despite the schools' non-
discrimination requirements.
U.S. Senator Jesse Helms has introduced S. 45, a bill intended to
overrule President Clinton's Executive Order 13087, which prohibits
sexual orientation discrimination in employment within the executive
branch of the federal government.
The bill has two parts, one
prohibiting any officer or employee of the federal government from
adopting any policy expanding civil rights protection beyond the
categories contained in existing statutes, and the second
prohibiting use of federal funds to implement E.O. 13087.
Helms has
introduced similar bills in the past, and a similar bill originating
in the House actually got as far as a conference committee last year
before being dropped.
_Washington Blade_, Feb. 26.
The New Hampshire House voted 226-130 to repeal a state law that
bans gays from adopting kids, and by an even greater margin, 233-
123, voted to repeal a law prohibiting gays from serving as foster
parents, both on March 18.
These laws were passed during the 1980's
in response to a media blowup in New England sparked by a _Boston
Globe_ article about negative neighborhood reaction to the
placement of two small boys with a gay male couple as foster
parents.
Ironically, an attempt by then-Gov. Michael Dukakis of
Massachusetts to adopt regulations effectively barring gays from
being foster parents were declared unconstitutional by a state trial
judge and subsequently abandoned in settlement of the lawsuit, but
the constitutionality of the New Hampshire ban was upheld in an
advisory opinion to the legislature by the New Hampshire Supreme
Court.
N.H. Gov. Jeanne Shaheen announced she would sign the repeal
measures if they get through the more conservative State Senate.=20
_Manchester Union-Leader_, March 19.
The town of Castine, Maine, enacted a human rights ordinance that
bans sexual orientation discrimination in employment, town services,
housing, access to public accommodations, and education.
The March
22 vote at the town meeting was taken by a show of hands, after a
call for a secret ballot was turned down.
_Bangor Daily News_,
March 25.
The Arkansas Child Welfare Agency Board gave final approval on March
23 to a regulation that will ban lesbians, gay men and bisexuals
from serving as foster parents.
The head of the ACLU of Arkansas
announced her expectation that the measure will fall to a
constitutional challenge.
_Memphis Commercial Appeal_, March
26.
The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted March 23 to
establish a formal registry for domestic partners.
Although the
measure passed by the Board does not confer any specific benefits
on registered partners, it establishes a mechanism that businesses
and others can rely upon for proof that a particular couple should
be treated as domestic partners.
_Los Angeles Times_, March
24.
The Pinellas County, Florida, School Board has voted to adopt a
policy protecting lesbian and gay students from discrimination, but
balked at amending the district's hiring and promotion policies to
ban sexual orientation discrimination.
The March 23 vote is subject
to further confirmation at the Board's scheduled meeting on May 11.=20
_St. Petersburg Times_, March 24.
The Maryland House of Delegates voted 80-56 in favor of legislation
that would ban sexual orientation discrimination on March 24, the
first time such legislation has won approval by a house of the
state's legislature.
Observers predicted an uphill battle to win
passage in the state Senate.
The vote came soon after Governor
Parris N. Glendening personally testified in support of the measure
before the Judiciary Committee.
The governor's emotional testimony
recounted the death of his brother from AIDS, and the terrible
burden his brother had carried as a career military officer
concerned about subjecting himself to discrimination if his sexual
orientation became known.
_Baltimore Sun_, March 25;
_Washington Post_, March 13.
The Illinois General Assembly narrowly rejected a bill that would
have amended the Illinois Human Rights Act to add sexual orientation
to the list of characteristics that may not be the basis of
discrimination in housing, employment, public accommodations and
financial transactions.
The 57-59 vote on March 22 came despite
support for the measure by Gov. George Ryan and the rest of the
Illinois's statewide elected officials.
_Chicago Tribune_,
March 23.
New Mexico's House of Representatives voted 35-27 on March 8 to
reject a measure that would have added sexual orientation to the
state law banning discrimination in employment, housing, credit,
public accommodations and union membership.
This was the first time
the bill had gotten out of committee in the House; a previous
version was actually passed by the State Senate in 1993 but died in
a House committee.
_Albuquerque Journal_, March 9.
The New York State Assembly passed this term's version of the state
sexual orientation discrimination bill by 105-43, the largest margin
error, giving some hope that Senate Republican leaders may be
sufficiently impressed by widespread support for the bill to allow
it to come to a vote in the Senate for the first time.
Gay rights
advocates pointed out that 20 of the Assembly's 50 Republican
members, including the Minority Leader, voted for the bill, most for
the first time, thus giving it a patina of bipartisan support.
Gov.
George Pataki, a Republican, had previously announced that he would
sign the bill if it was enacted, but has not made any visible
efforts to get the Republican majority in the Senate to allow the
measure to come to the floor for a vote.
_N.Y. Blade News_,
March 26; _LGNY, April 8.
The Oregon Health Services Commission voted unanimously on Feb. 25
to exclude sex-reassignment surgery from coverage under state health
plans.
Transgender activists had been lobbying for two years to
have such operations included in the list of approved treatments.=20
The state plan covers 300,000 low-income Oregonians.
_Tacoma
News Tribune_, Feb. 26.=20
Public employees in two jurisdictions may be poised to obtain access
to domestic partnership benefits.
The _Bangor Daily News_
reported April 1 that Portland, Maine, City Manager Robert B. Ganley
announced that a plan to insure domestic partners of city employees
appears to have the support of most city councilors; if passed, the
proposed benefit option would go into effect on July 1.
The
_Spokesman Review_ of Spokane, Washington, reported March 31
that Latah County, Idaho, county commissioners have asked the county
attorney to work on a pending proposal to extend benefits to
domestic partners of county employees.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
The Servicemembers Legal Defense Network issued its fifth
anniversary report on the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy
governing military service by lesbians, gay men and bisexuals, on
March 15, 1999.
The report noted that discharges had gone up under
this policy, reaching a new high point in 1998, and SLDN presented
documentation of more than twice as many cases of violations of the
"don't ask" part of the policy during 1998 as occurred
during 1997.
The Defense Department's response to these figures is
to contend that they represent an increase of servicemembers who
voluntarily "come out" in order to get out of their
enlistment obligations early.
_New York Times_, March 15.
The National Press Club in Washington, D.C., announced that domestic
partners of unmarried members will be entitled to the same benefits
available to spouses of married members, according to an internet
posting by the International Medical News Group on March 5. =20
A Methodist Ecclesiastic Court ruled March 26 that Rev. Greg Dell
violated the rules of the church by officiating at a same-sex
commitment ceremony at his church in Chicago.
The 10-3 vote was not
unexpected, and will be followed by a new hearing on potential
penalties, which could include expulsion from the church.
_New
York Times_, March 27.
Mark D. Jordan, an openly-gay tenured professor at Notre Dame
University, has resigned in protest against the university=FEs
decision to reject the addition of sexual orientation to its non-
discrimination policies.
Jordan has accepted a professorship at
Emory University, where he will be the Aquinas Professor in Catholic
Studies.
Jordan, who is a distinguished academic, was previously
a tenured faculty member at the University of Dallas, a Catholic
institution.
He was described by a Notre Dame administrator as
"a key member of the faculty of the Medieval Institute.
Mark
is an internationally known scholar and an excellent teacher who has
done a lot for our students."
Jordan had been considering an
offer from Emory, but had told Emory officials that he wouldn=FEt take
it unless Notre Dame rejected the petition to ban sexual-orientation
discrimination.
Jordan was closeted, and married, when he joined
the Notre Dame faculty in 1985, but divorced in 1991, established
a committed relationship with Dan Weber (who died from AIDS in
1995), and was named a full professor shortly before Weber=FEs death.=20
His book, "The Invention of Sodomy in Christian Theology,"
was published in 1997 by the University of Chicago Press.
A new
book, "Homosexuality in the Modern Catholic Church," is
scheduled for publication next spring, also by the University of
Chicago Press.
_South Bend Tribune_, March 29.
U.S. District Court Judge Paul L. Friedman in Washington, D.C., has
upheld the decision of the Internal Revenue Service to quash the tax
exempt status of The Church at Pierce Creek in Vestal, N.Y., which
took out advertisements in opposition to Bill Clinton's presidential
campaign in 1992.
The ads, headed "Christian Beware,"
accused Clinton of having supported "abortion on demand,"
the "homosexual lifestyle" and condom distribution in public
schools, and asserted that "Bill Clinton is promoting policies
that are in rebellion to God's laws."
The ads urged voters to
"not put the economy ahead of the Ten Commandments."
The
ads appeared in _USA Today_ and the _Washington Times_
shortly before the 1992 elections. and specifically requested
readers to send "tax deductible contributions" to the
church.
Under federal tax laws, religious institutions are accorded
tax-preferential treatment, and donations to them are tax
deductible, provided they do not take an active role on behalf of
candidates for public office and do not spend more than a de minimis
part of their budgets on other political activities.
_New York
Times_, April 1; _Washington Post_, March 31.
The University of Wisconsin at Madison College of Letters and
Science is the beneficiary of a bequest worth at least $5 million
from the estate of a retired gay professor, George Mosse.
The
bequest is to be used to fund a fellowship, a lesbian and gay
studies program, and an exchange program between UW-Madison and
Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Israel.
Mosse taught European
history, and was the author of more than 20 books.
His last book
was titled "Images of Man: The Idea of Masculinity."
Mosse,
who was born in Berlin and whose family fled Germany in 1933, was
also a scholar-in-residence at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum
in Washington, D.C.
_Wisconsin State Journal_, March 30.
Gill Dunne, a former faculty member at Cambridge University in
England who is now a researcher at the London School of Economics,
has released a study of lesbian couples and their children which she
interprets to show that parental sexual orientation has no apparent
impact on the development of children.
_Washington Blade_,
Feb. 26. A.S.L.
Developments in European and U.K. Law
_Military Employment_.
At 9:00 a.m. on May 18 in
Strasbourg, the European Court of Human Rights will hear its first
case dealing with a gay or lesbian issue under the European
Convention on Human Rights other than criminalization of sexual
activity.
The court declared admissible, on Feb. 23, four
applications regarding the U.K. government's policy of dismissing
all gay, lesbian and bisexual military personnel.
(A declaration
of admissibility by the court under the new Protocol No. 11
procedures, see [1998] LGLN 192, is roughly equivalent to a grant
of cert. by the U.S. Supreme Court.) =20
The four applications are: _Smith and Grady v. U.K._, joined
Applications nos. 33985/96 and 33986/96; and _Lustig-Prean and
Beckett v. U.K._, joined Applications nos. 31417/96 and 32377/96
(the two separate decisions on each set of two applications are
available in English at http://www.dhcour.coe.fr/hudoc).
In
_Smith and Grady_, the court declared admissible (arguable)
complaints under Articles 3 (inhuman and degrading treatment,
especially the manner in which the investigation into their
homosexuality was carried out), 8 (private life), 10 (expression),
13 (lack of an effective remedy), and 14 (discrimination, in
conjunction with Articles 3, 8 and 10), but declared inadmissible
as time-barred a complaint under Article 5 (physical detention by
military officials).
In
_Lustig-Prean and Beckett_, the court
declared admissible complaints under Article 8 and Article 14 in
conjunction with Article 8.
The court makes declarations of
admissibility "without prejudging the merits of the cases"
and does not comment on the legal issues, except to note that they
are "complex and serious" and "require determination on
the merits." =20
_Gay Father and Custody_.
The European Court of Human Rights
may soon hear its first case dealing with the rights of gay and
lesbian parents under the European Convention on Human Rights.
On
Dec. 1, 1998, in _Salgueiro da Silva Mouta v. Portugal_,
Application no. 33290/96 (available in French at
http://www.dhcour.coe.fr/hudoc), the court declared admissible an
application challenging the Lisbon Court of Appeal's reversal of the
Lisbon Family Court's decision to transfer parental authority over
a 6-year-old girl from her heterosexual mother to her gay father.=20
The Court of Appeal found for the mother, even though she had
violated their divorce agreement by denying the father access to the
girl, and then kidnapped the girl a year after she had lost in the
Family Court.
The Court of Appeal held that "[t]he child must
live within a family, a traditional Portuguese family, which is
certainly not the one the father has decided to create, because he
is living with another man, as if they were husband and wife ...
[H]omosexuality ... [is an] abnormality and a child must not grow
up in the shadow of abnormal situations ..."
The Court of
Appeal also treated as relevant the girl's allegations of sexual
abuse against her father's male partner, which the Family Court had
rejected, on the basis of a psychologist's report, as not credible
and the likely result of suggestions by adults.
The father's
application complains that the Court of Appeal's decision violates
his Article 8 right to respect for his family life, his Article 8
right to respect for his private life (because the Court of Appeal
required him to hide his homosexuality during visits with his
daughter), and his right under Articles 8 and 14 to be free from
discrimination in relation to his private and family life (the Court
of Appeal's decision having been based exclusively on his sexual
orientation).
No hearing has been scheduled yet, as a "friendly
settlement" of the case is still possible.
_Transsexuals and Publicly-Funded Surgery_.
On Dec. 21, 1998,
in _R. v. North West Lancashire Health Authority, ex parte A. and
others_, Queen's Bench Division (Crown Office List), Nos.
CO/1038/98, CO/281/98, CO/286/98 (see LEXIS), Mr. Justice Hidden
quashed the respondent health authority's decisions not to fund
gender re-assignment surgery for three male-to-female transsexuals
and ordered the authority to reconsider them.
He rejected arguments
based on the European Convention on Human Rights, and on European
Community law on sex discrimination in the provision of social
security, but held that the decisions were "Wednesbury unlawful
and irrational" under principles of English administrative law,
in that the authority had failed to consider relevant matters, had
considered irrelevant matters and had fettered its discretion.
The
authority had adopted a policy of refusing to pay for gender
re-assignment surgery "except in cases of overriding clinical
need."
The policy appeared to amount to a blanket ban because
it was not clear what would constitute overriding clinical need.=20
If it were a psychotic or depressive illness, in addition to
transsexualism, the applicants would be precluded medically from
gender re-assignment surgery because they would not have stable
personalities.
A major reason why these applications for judicial
review succeeded is that, through the National Health Service
(founded in 1948), residents of the U.K. are generally entitled to
publicly-funded medical treatment (including combination therapy for
HIV infection).
_Refugee Claims_.
On March 25, in _Islam v. Secretary of
the State for the Home Department_, and _R. v. Immigration
Appeal Tribunal, ex parte Shah_ (available at
http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.co.uk/pa/ld/ldjudinf.
htm), the House of Lords (the highest court in the U.K.) held that
women in Pakistan are "a particular social group" for the
purposes of the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees.=20
Three of the five judges (Lords Steyn, Hoffmann and Millett)
said
that they would also consider homosexuals "a particular social
group" for the purpose of refugee claims, depending on the
evidence with regard to their position in a particular country.
=20
_Group Sexual Activity_.
The Feb. 11 decision of the Court of
Appeal on the sentences of five men convicted of group sexual
activity (see [1999] LGLN 41) is now available on LEXIS.
In _R.
v. Turner_, Bracewell and Maurice Kay JJ. heard appeals by Turner
(then 19), Godfrey (26), Abdie (22), Moore (21) and Love (21).
They
had been convicted of offences of gross indecency (any sexual
activity between men) or buggery (anal intercourse).
The sexual
activity was consensual (except that there was some evidence of mild
coercion in the case of Turner), was among adults (except that
Turner was 17.5 at the time and under the age of consent of 18), and
took place in private homes (except that "more than two [male]
persons took part or were present," which made it illegal under
the Sexual Offences Acts 1967).
A separate case, also involving
group sexual activity recorded on videotape, is now before the
European Court of Human Rights and could lead to the "more than
two persons" rule for male-male sexual activity being held to
violate the European Convention (see [1997] LGLN 78).
In
_Turner_, the Court of Appeal held that Turner could be
convicted, even though the age of consent law is arguably intended
to protect him from older men, and that the trial judge was not
bound to take the European Convention into account in exercising his
discretion in sentencing.
The offences were serious enough to
warrant community service orders because they "took place in the
context of video recorded orgies, sometimes involving acts between
virtual strangers.
Whilst there was no commercial motive and it was
accepted that the recordings were not intended for a wider
distribution, the offences may be seen as more serious than say, a
single consensual act between two men of similar age and experience
in a public lavatory, out of the view of other members of the
general public."
However, in these particular cases, the orders
were too onerous and were quashed.
Probation orders were
substituted, except in the case of Abdie, who "was effectively
of good character and ... has subsequently settled down in a
heterosexual relationship of which there is a child."=20
_Robert Wintemute_
Other International Notes
A White Paper on Britain=FEs dependent territories released by
Foreign Secretary Robin Cook makes clear that until they drop their
laws against consensual homosexual conduct, the territories=FE
citizens will continue to be denied British citizenship.
Homosexual
conduct remains a criminal offence in Anguilla, Montserrat, Turks
and Caicos, British Virgin Islands, and Cayman Islands._Daily
Telegraph_, March 5.
"The Australian Federal Police has approved full spousal rights
to the same-sex partner of a federal police officer working as the
Australian liaison officer in Rome," reports the _Canberra
Times_ of March 14.
The Australian Council for Lesbian and Gay
Rights received this news with a new demand: that recognition of
same-sex partners extend throughout the Australian military, which
allows service by openly lesbian, gay and bisexual members.=20
An Australian man has been sentenced to 19 years in jail, with a 15
year non-parole period, for having murdered a male sex partner in
order to experience a sexual high.
Jamie Koeleman, 30, confessed
his crime to a friend after viewing the American film
"Cruising," according to the _Melbourne Herald Sun_,
March 27.
According to a statement by Supreme Court Justice Phillip
Cummins in open court while sentencing him, Koeleman went out
cruising one day to find a man he could kill as part of a sexual
act.
"That fantasy involved the sacrificing of another human
being to your sexual desires.
You decided to go cruising, to select
another homosexual and to kill that person as part of a self-centred
sexual experience."
The victim, Francis Barry Arnoldt, was
stabbed five times in the back and then twice through the heart
while having sex with Koeleman.
In a secretly taped conversation
with a friend, Koeleman said the murder gave him his most powerful
orgasm.
"I=FEll never forget those eyes.
Such fear. . .
terror."
Reuters reported March 19 that the Swedish government plans to allow
foreign nationals living in Sweden to take advantage of that
nation=FEs registered partnership law.
Under current law, at least
one member of a couple must be a Swedish citizen to be able to
register the partnership.
The amendment would take effect March 1,
2000, and would allow same-sex couples who have lived in Sweden for
at least two years to register.
The two year residency requirement
will not apply to citizens of Denmark, Iceland, the Netherlands or
Norway, which already authorize registration of same-sex partners.=20
The government proposal requires Parliamentary approval before it
can take effect.
The age of consent battle is once again joined in the U.K.
At the
beginning of March the House of Commons approved a bill by a vote
of 281 to 82 to lower the age of consent for gay male sex from 18
to 16, thus equalizing the age of consent for heterosexual and
homosexual sex.
Last summer, the House of Lords rejected a similar
bill, but in recent days the Lords have approved new legislation
introduced by the Labour Party to restructure the House and remove
voting privileges from hereditary peers.
In addition to the age of
consent bill, an overwhelming majority of the MPs voted to support
a measure that would ensure that persons under the age of 16 who
have sex with adults will not face prosecution, this to encourage
them to report such activities so the adults can be prosecuted.=20
_Evening Standard_, March 2.
Prague Radio E-News reported that the government of the Czech
Republic has provisionally approved legislation that would allow
same-sex partners to legally formalize their relationship before a
notary.
This would enable same-sex couples to exercise most of the
property and social rights now enjoyed by married couples, including
receiving pensions on the death of a partner, renting housing as
families, and similar benefits. =20
Seeking to avoid an adverse ruling in a case pending in federal
court, the Canadian government has agreed to offer pension benefits
to the same-sex partner of Dale Akerstrom, a gay Vancouver civil
servant.
Akerstrom had previously won a ruling by a Human Rights
Tribunal that his partner, Alexander Diaz, was entitled to domestic
partnership health and dental benefits.
At the same time, there
have been several press reports, some conflicting, about plans by
the Canadian federal government to introduce various legislative
measures intended to equalize the status of same-sex and opposite-
sex domestic partners under a variety of statutory schemes,
including the tax laws.
_Globe and Mail_, March 17.
Canadian Finance Minister Paul Martin is proposing changes in the
Income Tax Act and the law governing the Canada Pension Plan to
recognize same-sex couples as entitled to the same treatment as
spouses.
The move comes in response to the _Rosenberg_ case,
in which the Ontario Court of Appeal found same-sex couples entitled
to equal treatment in the matter of survivor benefits, and the
government's decision not to appeal the case.
Canadian appellate
courts have proved very receptive to claims on behalf of same-sex
couples, in light of the tradition in many parts of Canada of
according quasi-spousal status to unmarried heterosexual partners.=20
_Globe and Mail_, March 29.=20
Daniel Aranoff, a Canadian transgendered person, has won a legal
battle in Quebec Superior Court to have his sex designation on his
birth certificate changed from female to male.
Aranoff had
undergone surgery to remove his breasts and ovaries, as well as
hormone treatment, but local government officials refused to make
the change in official documents unless Aranoff also had male sex
organs constructed and the vagina removed.
Aranoff has been living
as a man for five years.
His court victory will clarify which
surgical procedures are prerequisites for a change of sex
designation on a birth certificate in Canada.
_Calgary Sun_,
March 25.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Gay legal observers mourned the death of retired U.S. Supreme
Court Justice Harry Blackmun, who wrote a passionate dissenting
opinion in the court's notorious _Bowers v. Hardwick_ opinion.=20
Blackmun, the author of the controversial decision recognizing a
constitutional right for women to seek an abortion in _Roe v.
Wade_, became an ardent exponent of the theory of constitutional
right of privacy, and argued in his _Hardwick_ dissent that the
privacy right extended to the sexual intimacies of gay men and
lesbians.
According to the _National Law Journal_, March 1, Benjamin
Schatz, a San Francisco lawyer who is executive director of the Gay
and Lesbian Medical Association and a member of the President's
Council on HIV/AIDS, plans to forsake the law for a full-time career
as a drag performer and manager of The Kinsey Sicks, a San
Francisco-based drag act.
Mr. Schatz, who was also formerly a staff
attorney with the now-defunct National Gay Rights Advocates, is a
1985 graduate of Harvard Law School.
The Massachusetts Lesbian and Gay Bar Association will hold its 14th
annual dinner on Friday, May 7, 1999, at the Royal Sonesta in
Cambridge.
The keynote address will be given by Justice Margaret
H. Marshall of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court.
The MLGBA
will present awards to Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino and Superior
Court Justice Linda E. Giles.
For more information about dinner
reservations or advertisements in the commemorative journal, contact
Maureen Brodoff at 617-984-7256.
Vermont lawyer Ed Flanagan, the only openly-gay elected statewide
public official in the nation (State Auditor), has announced that
he will seek the Democratic nomination for United States Senate in
2000, challenging the expected re-election bid of Republican U.S.
Senator James Jeffords.
Jeffords is one of the few Republicans in
the Senate who is generally seen as gay-friendly, having co-
sponsored the Employment Non-Discrimination Act and taken generally
positive positions on other gay and AIDS-related issues.
Flanagan
argues that while Jeffords may be good on gay issues, he lines up
solidly with Senate Republicans on many other issues and voted for
the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996.
_Washington Blade_, March
19.
The National Organization for Women has organized a Lesbian Rights
Summit to be held in Washington, D.C., on April 23-25, 1999.
Co-
sponsored by seventy other organizations, the event will include
presentations by Grethe Cammermeyer, Urvashi Vaid, Willa Taylor, and
Patricia Ireland.
For info, contact the NOW Press Office at 1-800-
331-0066 (Loretta Kane, x 762).
On-line registration information
is available at: .
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
N.Y. High Court Holds for PWA in Disability Insurance Dispute
In a unanimous ruling issued March 30, the N.Y. Court of
Appeals held that the statutorily mandated incontestability clause
required to be included in all insurance contracts sold in New York
means what it says: the insurer has two years to discover grounds
for rescission, after which the insured has a right to rely on the
promise of benefits.
_New England Mutual Life Insurance Co. v.
Doe_, No. 39 (NYLJ, 3/31/99, p.28, col.3).
However, the victory,
rendered on the claim of a person with AIDS, may have limited
impact, since, as the court noted, insurers can escape this problem
by including an express exception for "fraudulent
misrepresentations" into their incontestability clauses - a step
some have refrained from taking as part of their aggressive
marketing strategies.
The John Doe plaintiff in this case submitted an application for
disability insurance to the insurer in April 1991.
At the time, Doe
knew he was HIV+ and was already taking medication for that
condition, but he did not reveal this on the application and
answered "no" "to the questions whether, in the past
five years, he had had any other `medical advice or operation,
physical exam, treatment, illness, abnormality or injury,' and
whether he was `currently receiving any medical advice or
treatment.'"
Five years later, Doe filed a claim for disability
benefits due to "HIV and AIDS, Toxoplasmosis."
While
initially paying the benefits, the insurer made a reservation of
rights and began to investigate the issue of Doe's HIV status.
Upon
learning that Doe was receiving HIV-related treatment at the time
of his application, the insurer filed suit for a declaration that
it was not required to cover this disability.
The insurer based its case on a pre-existing conditions clause,
which provided that the policy would not cover disabilities caused
by medical conditions pre-dating the date of issue of the policy,
which on its face seems to preclude coverage in this case for AIDS-
related disability.
However, Doe argued that the effect of this
provision was overridden by the incontestability clause, required
to be included in the policy under N.Y. Ins. L. sec. 3216(d)(1)(B).=20
The incontestability clause provides that after the policy is in
force for two years, the insurer "cannot contest the statements
in the application," and that "No claim for loss incurred
or Disability that starts after two years from the Date of Issue
will be reduced or denied because a sickness or physical condition
not excluded by name or specific description before the date of loss
had existed before the Date of Issue."
The insurer argued that the second part of the incontestability
clause should be construed to apply only to conditions that had not
manifested themselves as of the date of issue, contending that to
do otherwise would be to reward fraud, but the court was not
persuaded, finding that such a reading was inconsistent with the
language of the clause, which refers to any conditions that
"exist."
Wrote Judge Albert Rosenblatt: "Exist means
exist.
We will not limit the definition of the word exist, or
redefine it, to mean `unmanifested existence.'
If something exists,
it does not cease to exist merely because someone (in this case the
policyholder) knows of it."
The opinion provides a concise history of the incontestability
clause, which originated in English law based on the suspicion that
insurers would wait until the life-insured person was deceased
before raising objections to the policy; thus, the purpose of the
clause was to create a sort of statute of limitations for insurers
to find fault with the application, and to insure purchasers of
insurance that once a specified period of time had passed, they
could rely on the benefits promised under the policy so long as they
fulfilled its other conditions (payment of premiums).
Rosenblatt
quoted Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, who wrote in
_Northwestern Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Johnson_, 254 U.S. 96,
101-102: "The object of the clause is plain and laudable - to
create an absolute assurance of the benefit, as free as may be from
any dispute of fact except the fact of death, and as soon as it
reasonably can be done."
Although the concept originated with
life insurance, it has spread by statute to other forms of
insurance, including disability policies such as the one at issue
in this case.
The insurer also sought to rely on a line of decisions in other
states recognizing an exception for cases of fraud.
However, there
is an even more impressive line of decisions in yet other states
rejecting such a fraud exception, at least where the insurer did not
include express language in the policy alerting the purchaser that
such an exception might apply.
Rosenblatt noted that an insurer in
New York has the option of including an express exception to
incontestability for "fraudulent misstatements" on the
application, but that in this case the insurer "purposely chose
not to include a fraud exception and is bound by that choice - a
calculation that includes marketing inducements."
Rosenblatt
quoted from a law review article that speculated that insurers
refrain from including such express exceptions to enhance the
marketability of their products.
Actually, many New York insurers already include anti-fraud
provisions, so the decision is significant more as a resolution of
the issue (which will affect several cases pending in lower courts)
and as a contribution to a trend in the case law, than as one that
will affect large numbers of New York policy-holders.
Still pending
is an appeal to the California Supreme Court in _Galanty v. Paul
Revere Life Insurance Co._, 66 Cal.App.4th 15, 77 Cal.Rptr.2d 589
(Cal.Ct.App. 1998), in which the lower court came out the other way
and found the benefits claim barred on grounds of fraud by the HIV+
applicant.
The John Doe plaintiff is represented by Mark Scherzer, a LeGaL
member who has specialized in insurance litigation on behalf of
persons living with HIV and AIDS and their survivors and
beneficiaries, and Mark's associate A. Christopher Wieber.
Lambda
Legal Defense Fund filed an amicus brief on behalf of Doe written
by AIDS Project Director Catherine Hanssens and cooperating attorney
Barry Burland of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy.
A.S.L.
Texas Appeals Court Suspends Attorney Who Refused to Represent
HIV+ Criminal Defendant
The Texas Court of Appeals, El Paso, affirmed a trial court's
decision to suspend attorney Allan R. Hawkins from the practice of
law for one year, followed by a three-year probated suspension,
because of Hawkins' conduct after he was appointed to represent
Daniel Sundy, an HIV+ positive man who was arrested on a marijuana
charge.
_Hawkins v. Commission for Lawyer Discipline_, 1999
WL 144724 (March 18).
Midland County Court at Law Judge James Fitz-Gerald appointed
Hawkins to represent Sundy on Aug. 8, 1994.
Sunday was charged with
a misdemeanor for possessing less than two ounces of marijuana.
He
claimed that he was using the marijuana medicinally to help him
digest food, and had no prior arrest record.
Three weeks later,
Hawkins filed a series of motions in the case, including a
"Motion for Appointment of an Effective and Competent
Attorney," in which he claimed that he was not competent to
provide counsel in a criminal case.
Hawkins continued to represent
Sundy while awaiting a ruling on his motion for appointment of new
counsel, and additionally filed a motion seeking a payment of $2,000
to the Permian Basin Aids Coalition in recognition of Hawkins'
services "above and beyond the call of duty for an attorney and
member of the bar of the State of Texas" for having been in
contact with Mr. Sundy and thus risking "exposure to the HIV
virus and death" at great inconvenience to himself and his other
clients.
After Hawkins made a second motion for appointment of new counsel,
Judge Fitz-Gerald held a hearing, at which it was established that
Hawkins prior experience included handling some criminal defense
matters while employed as an Assistant State's Attorney in North
Dakota, and that he had served as an appointed co-counsel in other
Texas criminal cases.
Fitz-Gerald decided that he was competent and
ordered him to continue representing Sundy.
But Hawkins decided to
reject the order, sent a letter to Sundy telling him he was now
without counsel and he should find a new lawyer, and refusing to
participate further in the case.
Indeed, Hawkins failed to notify
Sundy of an upcoming court date, resulting in Sundy almost being
jailed for failure to appear, and also failed to counsel Sundy about
a proposed plea bargain offered by the prosecutor.
The court found that while an attorney has an obligation under the
disciplinary rules to decline cases for which he is not qualified,
in instances of court appointment it is up to the court to determine
whether a lawyer is competent, and if the court so rules and
confirms its appointment, the lawyer cannot decline to serve on
grounds of incompetence.
The court was particularly disturbed that
Hawkins appeared to act without regard for the impact of his conduct
on Sundy.
A.S.L.
HIV+ Plaintiffs Can Sue Anonymously
1. An HIV+ plaintiff in a 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983 action was
allowed to proceed anonymously against a municipal defendant, but
was not entitled to a protective order on a procedural notice of
claim containing his name. _Roe v. City of Milwaukee_, 1999
W.L. 116008 (E.D. Wis. Feb. 23).=20
In the course of an arrest by Milwaukee police, John Roe suffered
and was treated for a cut hand.
He told paramedics and a booking
officer that he was HIV+.
Once he was in a holding cell, the
booking officer taped on Roe's cell door a pink sign with bold black
writing which said" "HIV POSITIVE INMATE". Roe sued the city
for violations of his civil rights, and requested that he be allowed
to litigate under a pseudonym.
Roe also sought a protective order
over the notice of claim (which contained his real name) that he was
required to serve on the city under state law.
U.S. District Judge Gordon allowed Roe's motion to proceed
anonymously, finding "exceptional circumstances" to justify
departing from the normal requirement disfavoring anonymity.
Even
today, Gordon reasoned, being HIV+ is considered a stigma, the
disclosure of which is not inconsequential. The court did not grant,
however, the plaintiff's motion for a protective order on the notice
of claim.
Noting that Roe's argument on this motion was sparse, and
contained no authority, the court bowed to the city's argument that
the state's open records statute required it to maintain the notice
as a public record. The court also stated that Roe had provided no
evidence that his notice of claim would actually be requested by a
member of the public, and that if the notice were used as evidence
in the instant case, it could be filed under seal to protect Roe's
anonymity.
_Dirk Williams_
2.
U.S. District Judge Shaw (E.D. Missouri) granted the motion of
W.G.A., a plaintiff with AIDS, to file a complaint using his
initials as a fictitious name.
_W.G.A. v. Priority Pharmacy,
Inc._, 1999 WL 147370 (March 15.)
On an apparent question of first impression in the 8th Circuit, the
court held that where "the plaintiff would be required to
disclose information of the utmost intimacy," the plaintiff's
"substantial privacy right" overcomes the (FRCP 10(a)-
based) presumption against allowing parties to use a pseudonym.
The
court cited a recent Wisconsin case where the federal district judge
decided that the plaintiff's HIV+ status was a "compelling
reason" to allow him to proceed under a pseudonym, because of
the ostracism, harassment and discrimination that might result from
disclosure of that status; noting also that "plaintiffs have
been allowed to proceed anonymously in matters involving abortion,
reproduction and birth control, welfare cases involving illegitimate
children, and homosexuality."
W.G.A. is pursuing a negligence claim alleging that Priority's
recording, filling and mailing of the wrong prescription caused a
significant decrease in his life expectancy by allowing the HIV
infection to progress unchecked for six months.
_Mark Major_
Winning Wasn't Enough for Plaintiff Who Wanted "HIV
POS" Vanity License Plate
A plaintiff's constitutional claim against the California
Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) was shot down for failing to
state a cause of action because there was no causal connection
between defendants' conduct and plaintiff's failure to succeed in
his prior action.
_Dimmick vs. Lungren_, 1999 WL 111793
(U.S.Dist.Ct., N.D.Cal., Feb. 19).
In the original action, plaintiff Kevin Dimmick brought 42 U.S.C.
sec. 1983, ADA and state tort claims for intentional/negligent
infliction of emotional distress against the California DMV and its
officers for refusing to issue him a vanity license plate saying
"HIV POS."
The court ruled on summary judgment that the
DMV's refusal to issue the plates violated Dimmick's First Amendment
right to free speech.
With respect to the other claims, the court
granted summary judgment to the defendants and later ruled that
Dimmick was precluded from obtaining damages from the individual
defendants based on their qualified immunity.
In the instant action, the court considers defendants' motion to
dismiss Dimmick's second civil rights complaint for failure to state
a claim.
In the complaint, Dimmick alleges that during the course
of his prior civil rights case, defendants individually and in
conspiracy with each other, engaged in unlawful and deceptive
tactics in an attempt to prevent Dimmick from prevailing in his
litigation by intentionally concealing evidence, providing
misleading responses in discovery and perjury which obstructed
Dimmick's access to the judicial process in violation of the First,
Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments plus intentional/negligent
infliction of emotional/physical distress.
District Judge Illston ruled that Dimmick's sec. 1983 action fails
to state a cause of action because he does not and cannot allege a
causal connection between defendants' alleged conduct and a failure
to succeed in his prior civil rights action.
Dimmick ultimately
discovered all the allegedly concealed information prior to the
resolution of the prior action and by the time of the then summary
judgment motion, Dimmick had discovered other HIV-configured plates,
the inconsistencies in defendants' position with respect to the
number of DMV complaints and DMV policy.
Illston reasoned that a
constitutional injury cannot be premised on information that was
concealed but subsequently discovered prior to the disposition of
the action, and the remedy in such a situation is not another civil
rights action, but rather appropriate motions in the prior action
before its conclusion. Further, the court ruled that Dimmick cannot
allege that the defendants' actions impeded his access to the courts
since he obtained substantially what he wanted from the court, that
the DMV issue to him a plate stating "HIV POS," and that his
failure to get damages cannot be the basis for a constitutional
injury since the defendants' immunity was causally unrelated to the
alleged wrongful conduct.
Since Dimmick could not establish a constitutional injury, his
conspiracy and policy/practice causes of action based upon the same
allegations were likewise dismissed.
_K. Jacob Ruppert_
AIDS Litigation Notes
In _U.S. v. Smith_, 1999 WL 89050 (7th Cir., Feb. 19)
(unpublished disposition), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th
Circuit has reaffirmed its view that criminal defendants who are
HIV+ but do not have "full blown" AIDS are not entitled to
a downward departure under the federal sentencing guidelines.=20
Indeed, the court commented, per curiam: "Because Smith concedes
that while HIV positive he does not have "full-blown AIDS,"
and because the record suggests that the Bureau of Prisons is
equipped to adequately treat Smith's condition, any argument that
the district court abused its discretion in denying a downward
departure would be frivolous."
The ruling echoes _U.S. v.
Woody_, 55 F.3d 1257 (7th Cir. 1995). =20
A federal jury in the Southern District of New York has awarded
$1,280,000 in back pay and damages to Robert J. Disanto, a former
salesman for McGraw-Hill Companies who claimed he was terminated
because he is HIV+.
Disanto claimed violations of the Americans
With Disabilities Act and the New York Human Rights Law.
A McGraw-
Hill spokesperson said the company was considering appealing the
verdict, saying that the award inappropriately reflected sympathy
for Disanto.
At trial, the employer argued that Disanto had
resigned voluntarily.
Disanto testified that he disclosed his HIV-
status to his supervisor in 1994 at a meeting called to discuss his
performance problems, and was shortly thereafter told that he had
three options: resign, look for another job within McGraw-Hill, or
go out on disability.
Disanto took a disability leave, but on his
return claimed he was subjected to unfavorable treatment, ostracism
and progressive isolation by colleagues.
Disanto is represented by
Lee Nuwesra.
_Wall Street Journal_, March 16. =20
In _Iacovino v. Hoaglund_, San Francisco Superior Court, a jury
found on March 10 that a surgeon had committed malpractice by
refusing to perform shoulder surgery on an HIV+ man.
However, the
jury rejected the claim that Dr. Franklin Hoagland had engaged in
illegal discrimination under the California civil rights law or the
Americans With Disabilities Act.
Plaintiff Steve Iacovino was
denied the surgery, said Hoaglund, an orthopedic specialist, because
his HIV+ condition put him at "severe" risk for post-
operative infection. However, the jury evidently accepted expert
testimony that this was not an appropriate basis for refusing to
perform the operation, which should have been performed immediately
in light of Iacovino's condition.
The jury awarded $166,000 in
damages.
(Iacovino subsequently went to another surgeon who
successfully performed the operation.) _San Francisco
Chronicle_, March 13. =20
The estate of Ray Martinez, a former Taco Bell assistant store
manager in Los Angeles, has settled a discrimination suit on
undisclosed terms.
Martinez had claimed that he was an excellent
employee who was discharged three months after the company learned
that he had HIV.
The company defended on the grounds that Martinez
was not performing his assigned duties.
Martinez=FEs mother continued
the action after his death in July 1998.
_Orange County
Register_, February 27.
The Legal Action Center of New York has filed a complaint at the
N.Y. State Division of Human Rights on behalf of Quashawn Donovan,
who claims she was denied membership in seven different Girl Scout
troops in the Queenbury area last year because she is HIV+.
The
complaint seeks an agreement by the Girl Scouts of America to
provide HIV-related training to its staff and to ban HIV-related
discrimination, as well as compensation to Donovan, age 8, for
emotional distress.
_Associated Press_, March 12.
A Wisconsin judge has sentenced an HIV+ man who intentionally
exposed a woman to infection as a means of "revenge" against
whoever had infect him was sentenced to three months in jail and
five years on probation, with 50 hours of community service during
each of the probationary years.
Antonio Dewayne Buford, age 21,
will be subject to electronic monitoring of his movements for three
months at home after he serves his jail term.
Milwaukee Circuit
Judge Mel Flanagan entered the sentence March 11 after Buford pled
guilty to the felony of first-degree reckless endangerment.=20
According to the prosecutor, the victim (who is not HIV+) favored
probation over a lengthy prison sentence.
Buford was repentant at
his sentencing hearing, telling the judge: "I will not repeat
this behavior."
_Wisconsin State Journal_, March 13. =20
In _Protective Life Ins. Co. v. Dignity Viatical Settlement
Partners_, 1999 WL 152587 (March 24), the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the 1st Circuit affirmed the district court=FEs denial of
prejudgment interest to a viatical settlement company that had
prevailed in litigation over its right to collect benefits under the
life insurance policy of a person with AIDS who had misrepresented
his HIV status when he bought the policy for Protective Life
Insurance Co.
The insurance company had mistakenly paid out the
claim while its underwriting division was trying to rescind the
policy, to the amusement of Circuit Judge Selya, who commented:
"Proving once again that, in corporate America, the left hand
does not always know what the right hand is doing, Protective
mistakenly honored the claim."
The district court=FEs solution
to this problem had been to require Dignity Viatical to deposit
money in a joint interest-bearing escrow account to ensure that if
Protective won the litigation there would be funds to reimburse it
for the money it had mistakenly paid out.
Ultimately, the
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court answered a certified question,
holding that the incontestability clause barred the insurer from
disclaiming coverage for AIDS-related death, see _Protective Life
Ins. Co. v. Sullivan_, 682 N.E.2d 624 (1997).
Following the approach of federal courts under Title VII, the
Florida 3rd District Court of Appeal ruled March 24 in _Green v.
Burger King Corp._, 1999 WL 157251, that an HIV-discrimination
complaint filed in Miami-Dade County Circuit Court was not time-
barred, even though the EEOC had previously dismissed the
plaintiff=FEs complaint as untimely.
Schenita Green originally filed
her discrimination complaint with the Florida Commission on Human
Relations eleven months after her discharge, which would be timely,
but the complaint was not verified, as required by Florida
procedural rules.
After the Florida Commission referred her
complaint to the EEOC, the local EEOC office gave Green a new form
to fill out, which she did, in verified form, and filed shortly
after the first anniversary of her discharge.
Then the local EEOC
office dismissed the complaint as untimely and Green filed her state
court action.
The court held that the state civil rights law was
to be liberally construed to further the purposes of the statute and
that an amended, verified complaint should be held to relate back
to the unverified complaint that was filed within statutory time
limits.
In _Jones v. State_, 1999 WL 160027 (March 25), the Florida
Supreme Court held that defense counsel=FEs strategic decisions about
how much to emphasize defendant=FEs HIV+ status in defending against
a first-degree murder shooting charge did not provide a basis for
overturning the conviction.
"The court rejects the defendant=FEs
claim that trial counsel should have advised the jury that the
defendant was infected with the AIDS virus," wrote the court per
curiam.
"During the hearing on the postconviction motion, the
defendant presented testimony regarding the nature of his illness
and his prognosis.
This evidence may have evoked sympathy among
those jurors who would have been persuaded that the death penalty
was unnecessary because the defendant would eventually die a painful
death in any event, but the fear and stigma that some jurors might
have associated with AIDS out of ignorance in 1989 may have
outweighed the potential sympathy for the defendant.
The defense
attorney did not refer to the defendant's illness during the guilt
phase and minimized its effect during the penalty phase.
The court
is not prepared to say that these decisions amount to ineffective
assistance of counsel."
Jones was sentenced to death.
The
Supreme Court affirmed the trial court's denial of post-conviction
relief.=20
Justin Keene is the second person to plead guilty under an Iowa law
criminalizing transmission of HIV, but may get a light sentence on
April 19 because of evidence that his victim apparently consented
to sexual intercourse, according to the _Des Moines Register_,
March 2.
In the first case, Robert Bradfield pled guilty and was
sentenced to 25 years in prison, the maximum under the statute.
The
law went into effect July 1, but so far nobody charged under it has
litigated the issue of whether the law is constitutional. =20
On March 15, a New Orleans jury awarded $35.3 million in damages to
Leo and Shirley Dixon, whose son died from AIDS after contracting
HIV from blood-clotting medication, but Civil District Court Judge
Max Tobias then granted a defense motion to dismiss the case based
on the statute of limitations.
The jury had found Miles Inc. and
Alpha Therapeutic liable, on the ground that these companies knew
or should have known that they were selling HIV-tainted medication,
but did not find against the two other defendants, Baxter Healthcare
Corp. and Armour Pharmaceutical Corp.
Judge Tobias found that the
lawsuit should have been filed by late 1990.
Both sides are likely
to appeal; the plaintiffs from the court=FEs ruling, and the
defendants (who are simultaneously defending several other similar
cases in Louisiana courts) from the jury verdict.
_New Orleans
Times-Picayune_, March 16.
In _State v. Lee_, 1999 WL 173656 (La.App., 4th Cir., March 24),
the court upheld a life sentence for Eddie Lee, an HIV+ man who was
convicted of cocaine possession an had a record of multiple past
convictions.
In seeking collateral attack on his sentence, Lee
argued ineffective assistance of counsel without success.
He also
argued that imposition of the life sentence was erroneous in light
of his HIV status, and points to a letter he had written to the
court describing his upbringing, etc., which he claims was not
before the court when it rendered the sentence.
This attack was
also unsuccessful, the court commenting: "Considering that this
court [in an earlier appeal] found the appellant=FEs HIV status
insufficient to justify a deviation from the mandatory life
sentence. . ., it is unlikely that the other factors mentioned in
the letter would have been more persuasive." =20
An HIV+ man who spat at police officers after he was arrested in a
traffic incident has been sentenced to 90 days in jail and three
years of intensive probation.
Bryan Keith Binkley of Nashville,
Tennessee, was sentenced by Circuit Judge Tim Easter after the
prosecutor argued that the "wrong message" would be sent to
police officers of Binkley did not receive some prison time.
Easter
could have convicted Binkley of criminal exposure to HIV/AIDS, which
carries a term of 3 to 15 years.
There was no indication that
Binkley intended to transmit HIV to police officers, and spitting
is not a recognized mode of transmission.
Easter stated after
imposing the sentence that he would suspend the sentence on
condition that Binkley serve 90 days in jail "to avoid
depreciating the conduct and the seriousness of the offense."
_The Tennessean_, March 10. =20
The Howard Brown Health Center in Chicago has filed charges claiming
that on three occasions representatives of a real estate company
that had seemed eager to provide service to the Center backed out
after learning that the Center provides AIDS-related health
services.
The charges filed with Chicago's Human Relations
Commission allege discrimination against the agency's clients on the
basis of disability. _Chicago Sun-Times_, March 24. A.S.L.
AIDS Legislative Notes
The Washington State Board of Health has modified the policy
for reporting those who are HIV-infected.
Under the new policy,
which requires an additional vote by the board this summer before
it would go into effect, doctors and testing sites must report the
names of HIV+ patients to local health officials; after 90 days, the
names would be encoded and the information forwarded in encoded form
to the state, and the record of the name would be purged from local
health files.
The Board hopes by this plan to meet the objections
of AIDS activists to name reporting, while dealing with the
shortcomings of anonymous reporting that were criticized by, among
others, the Centers for Disease Control in its statements promoting
names reporting.
_Seattle Post-Intelligencer_, March 12.=20
A.S.L.
AIDS International Notes
A criminal prosecution against former French government
officials for allowing HIV-tainted blood to be used for transfusions
at a time when screening tests were available essentially collapsed.=20
Former Prime Minister Laurent Fabius, now speaker of the lower house
of the French Parliament, and Georgina Dufoix, who had served as
Social Affairs Minister in the Fabius government from 1984 to 1986,
were acquitted of criminal or civil liability by a specially
constituted political jury.
Edmond Herve, who had served as Health
Minister, was convicted of two counts of negligence, but no sentence
was imposed.
_New York Times_, March 10.
A poll of 4,000 Canadian dentists showed that 16 percent refuse to
treat people with AIDS and 18 percent would refuse to provide
service to gay patients.
The survey was published March 31 in the
_American Journal of Public Health_.
_Globe and Mail_,
March 31.
The Ontario, Canada, Court of Appeal ruled March 10 that the
Canadian Red Cross Society=FEs negligence in screening blood donors
in the 1980's exposes it to damages for negligence in claims brought
by people who acquired HIV through transfusions and blood products.=20
A trial judge had dismissed Douglas Walker=FEs suit against the Red
Cross, seeking damages for the death of his wife from AIDS, on the
ground that Walker had failed to prove that a better screening
system would have prevented the transmission to his wife.
According
to the appeals court, all Walker would have to prove is the agency=FEs
negligence and that his wife=FEs infection was due to a blood product.=20
_Globe and Mail_, March 11. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Boggs, Judge Danny J., _Reining in Judges: The Case of Hate
Speech_, 52 SMU L. Rev. 271 (Winter 1999).
Brants, Chrisje, _The Fine Art of Regulated Tolerance:
Prostitution in Amsterdam_, 25 J. L. & Society 621 (Dec. 1998)
(British journal).
Farrell, Robert C., _Successful Rational Basis Claims in the
Supreme Court from the 1971 Term Through_ Romer v. Evans, 32
Indiana L. Rev. 357 (1999).
Joslin, Courtney G., _Recognizing a Cause of Action Under Title
IX for Student-Student Sexual Harassment_, 34 Harv. Civ. Rts. -
Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 201 (Winter 1999).
McGoldrick, Dominic, and Therese O'Donnell, _Hate-speech Laws:
Consistency with National and International Human Rights Law_, 18
Leg. Studies 453 (Dec. 1998).
Nierenberg, Ona, _A Hunger for Science: Psychoanalysis and the
"Gay Gene"_, 10 Differences No. 1, 209 (Spring 1998).
Ramose, M.B., _Human Freedom and the Law of Marriage_, 16
Current Legal Theory 23 (1998).
Sloss, David, _The Domestication of International Human Rights:
Non-Self-Executing Declarations and Human Rights Treaties_, 24
Yale J. Int'l L. 129 (Winter 1999).
Stychin, Carl F., _Relatively Universal: Globlisation, Rights
Discourse, and the Evolution of Australian Sexual and National
Identities_, 18 Leg. Studies 534 (Dec. 1998).
Weiss, Marley S., _The Supreme Court 1997-1998 Labor and
Employment Law Term (Part I): The Sexual Harassment Decisions_,
14 The Labor Lawyer 261 (Fall 1998).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Casenote, National Endowment for the Arts v. Finley_, 118
S.Ct. 2168 (1998), 9 Seton Hall Const. L. J. 173 (Fall 1998).
Comment, _Redefining the Parameters of Title VII in Accordance
with Equal Protection Standards: The United States Supreme Court's
Recognition of Same-Sex Sexual Harassment as a Form of
Discrimination_, 9 Seton Hall Const. L. J. 123 (Fall 1998).
David, Paul A., _What is "Sex"? Heterosexual-Male-on-
Heterosexual-Male Sexual Harassment Actions After_ Oncale v.
Sundowner Offshore Services, Inc., 71 So. Cal. L. Rev. 1341 (Sept.
1998).
Lorieau, Pierre J., Reno v. ACLU_: Champion of Free Speech or
Blueprint for Speech Regulation on the Internet?_, 7 J. L. &
Policy 209 (1998).
Lovell, Amy, _"Other Students Always Used to Say, `Look at
the Dykes'": Protecting Students from Peer Sexual Orientation
Harassment_, 86 Cal. L. Rev. 617 (May 1998).
Maisano, Dominic F., _Obscenity Law and the Internet: Determining
the Appropriate Community Standard After_ Reno v. ACLU, 29 U.
Toledo L. Rev. 555 (Spring 1998).
Norton, Patrick J., _Is_ Equality Foundation_ the Latest
Chapter in America's Culture War?_, 48 Case West. Res. L. Rev. 903
(Summer 1998).
Note, _Same-Sex Sexual Harassment is Actionable Under Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964: Is This the End of Horseplay As We
Know It?_, 29 Seton Hall L. Rev. 787 (1998).
Recent Cases, _Constitutional Law - First Amendment - Fourth
Circuit Rules That a Teacher's Selection of School Curriculum Is Not
Protected Speech. - _Boring v. Buncombe County Board of
Education_, 136 F.3d 364 (4th Cir.) (en banc),_ cert.
denied_, 119 S.Ct. 47 (1998). (Teacher selected play involving
lesbian character for performance by high school students).
Starr, Karla J., _Adoption by Homosexuals: A Look at Differing
State Court Opinions_, 40 Ariz. L. Rev. 1497 (1998).
Taft, Gloria F., National Endowment for the Arts v. Finley_:
Challenging the Facial Challenge_, 21 Campbell L. Rev. 81 (Winter
1998).
_Specially Noted:_
Symposium on the Jurisprudence of H.L.A. Hart, 52 SMU L. Rev.
No. 1 (Winter 1999).
Prof. Hart was a prominent participant in the
debate over decriminalization of consensual sodomy in England during
the 1960s, and one of the symposium articles directly addresses this
issue: Hamish Stewart, _Legality and Morality in H.L.A. Hart's
Theory of Criminal Law_, 52 SMU L. Rev. 201 (Winter 1999). * * *
We've received a publication notice for _Advising Gay and Lesbian
Clients - A Guide for Lawyers_, by Martin Bowley, QC; Laura Cox,
QC; Anne Barlow, Matthew Davies, Wesley Gryk, Angus Hamilton, Peter
Smith, and Mark Watson.
The publisher is Butterworths, and the
publication date is Feb. 1999.
The book is written by leading
lesbian/gay attorneys in the U.K.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Colker, Ruth, _The Americans With Disabilities Act: A
Windfall for Defendants_, 34 Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev.
99 (Winter 1999) (conjecture on how _Bragdon v. Abbott_ may
change the dismal outlook for plaintiffs in ADA employment
litigation).
Ferguson, Laura, Marisol Perez, and Scott Burris, _Syringe
Exchange in Pennsylvania: A Legal Analysis_, 8 Temple Pol. & Civ.
Rts. L. Rev. 41 (Fall 1998).
Gostin, Lawrence, Chai Feldblum and David Webber, _Disability
Discrimination in America: HIV/AIDS and Other Health Conditions_,
281 Amer. Med. Assoc. J. 745 (1999).
Marquart, James W., Victoria E. Brewer, Janet Mullings, and Ben M.
Crouch, _The Implications of Crime Control Policy on HIV/AIDS-
Related Risk Among Women Prisoners_, 45 Crime & Delinquency 82
(Jan. 1999).
Miller, Paul Steven, _Disability Civil Rights and a New Paradigm
for the Twenty-First Century: The Expansion of Civil Rights Beyond
Race, Gender, and Age_, 1 U. Pa. J. Labor & Emp. L. 511 (Fall
1998).
Silverman, Sam, _The ADA Interactive Process: The Employer and
Employee's Duty to Work Together to Identify a Reasonable
Accommodation Is More Than a Game of Five Card Stud_, 77 Neb. L.
Rev. 281 (1998).
Simon, Howard A., and Alison J. Morbey, _The ADA's
"Interactive Process" for Determining Reasonable
Accommodation: How Much Interaction is Enough?_, 24 Employee Rel.
L. J. 5 (Summer 1998).
Wit, Adam C., _Should "Mitigating Measures" Be Considered
in the "Disability" Analysis Under the ADA?_, 24 Employee
Rel. L. J. 73 (Summer 1998).
Wojcik, Mark E., _On the Sudden Loss of a Human Rights Activist:
A Tribute to Dr. Jonathan Mann's Use of International Human Rights
Law in the Global Battle Against AIDS_, 32 John Marshall L. Rev.
129 (Fall 1998).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Casenote, Bragdon v. Abbott_, 118 S.Ct. 2196, 9 Seton Hall
Const. L. J. 241 (Fall 1998).
Contreras, Michelle M., _New York's Mandatory HIV Testing of
Newborns: A Positive Step Which Results in Negative Consequences for
Women and Their Children_, 20 Women's Rts. L. Rep. 21 (Fall/Winter
1998).
Davis, Christine Spinella, _Asymptomatic HIV Under the ADA: The
Invisible, Yet Legitimate Disability_, 15 J. Contemp. Health L.
& Pol. 357 (Fall 1998).
Hankinson, Kymberly D., _Navigating Between a Rock and a Hard
Place: An Employer's Obligation to Reasonably Accommodate the
Disabled in the Unionized Workplace_, 15 J. Contemp. Health L. &
Pol. 245 (Fall 1998).
Hoppe, Susan B., _Broad Statutory Language is Not Ambiguous: The
Americans With Disabilities Act Applies in State Prisons_, 15 J.
Contemp. Health L. & Pol. 275 (Fall 1998).
Mathes, Robert C., _Civil Rights - The Status of Persons Infected
with Asymptomatic HIV Under the Americans With Disabilities Act of
1990 After_ Bragdon_: Did the Supreme Court Miss an Opportunity
to Protect Disabled Americans?_ Bragdon v. Abbott_, 118 S.Ct.
1196 (1998)_, 34 Land & Water L. Rev. (U. Wyoming Coll. L.) 237
(Fall 1998).
Note, Runnebaum v. NationsBank of Maryland_: Asymptomatic HIV
Finds No Refuge in the Fourth Circuit's Workplace_, 8 Temple Pol.
& Civ. Rts. L. Rev. 243 (Fall 1998).
_Specially Noted:_
Symposium on Physician-Assisted Suicide, 14 Issues in L. & Med
No. 3 (Winter 1998).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_
are those of identified writers, and are not official positions of
the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL
Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are
attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues
covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will be
published subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to the
Editor or send via e-mail. * * * Copies of the 1998 Law Notes Case
Table are available from the Law Notes circulation manager.