http://www.emeap.org/index.php/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for the EMEAP Web Site
1.
Basic Principle Relating to Privacy
EMEAP collects information regarding users of the EMEAP website, (the “Site”), to the extent EMEAP deems it necessary for efficiently providing to such users the services offered on the Site. EMEAP uses the information collected through the Site solely for the purpose of providing the services requested by the user, as further described below.
2.
Scope of Information Collected by EMEAP through the Site
(1) EMEAP automatically collects a user’s internet domain name, IP (Internet Protocol) address, in-site information retrieval query records, and other related information through the Site when the user uses the Site.
(2) EMEAP may request a user to submit his/her name, address, telephone number and other information when soliciting public comments or opinions on individual projects, or in connection with questionnaires. When comments or other messages are sent by a user to EMEAP by e-mail, EMEAP will obtain access to the user’s e-mail address.
(3) When a user sends an inquiry to EMEAP by e-mail, EMEAP will obtain access to the user’s e-mail address.
3.
Purpose of Use of Information
(1)
EMEAP uses the information collected through the Site described in Item 2. (1) above, as reference for the efficient operation of the Site and in order to provide the services offered therein.
(2)
EMEAP uses the comments or suggestions provided by users of the Site described in Item 2. (2) above, in connection with the policy planning conducted by EMEAP. For this purpose, EMEAP may utilize such information internally or make public disclosures of the same on the condition that all references to the names of specific individuals are withheld, (other than in cases in which the Site indicates in advance that an individual’s name may be disclosed or EMEAP has obtained the prior consent from the concerned individuals for such disclosure). EMEAP may also use e-mail addresses or telephone numbers in order to respond to and confirm inquiries.
(3)
EMEAP may share the inquiries received from users of the Site described in Item 2. (3) above, among EMEAP central banks and financial authorities when necessary. EMEAP may also quote from inquiries in preparing the “Question and Answer” section of the Site or in connection with other explanatory materials. EMEAP may use a user’s names, address, telephone number and/or e-mail address to respond to inquiries.
(4)
EMEAP uses the names, addresses and other information collected through the Site as described in Item 2. (5) above, in order to provide to the users the materials requested by the users and in connection with the employment activities of EMEAP.
4.
Restrictions on the Use and Provision of Information
EMEAP will not use the information collected through the Site for any purpose other than the purposes described in Item 3 above, and EMEAP will not provide such information to any third party unless required by applicable law, unless EMEAP is subject to unauthorized access, threats or other illegal actions, or unless EMEAP has another specific reason to do so.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, EMEAP may publicly disclose statistically processed information relating to access to the Site, to the suggestions or comments received by EMEAP through the Site or to information on related users’ attributes.
5.
Security Measures Relating to the Site
EMEAP will take all reasonably necessary measures to prevent leakage or loss of the information collected through the Site and for the appropriate management of such information.
EMEAP may outsource the operation of the Site, in which case EMEAP will direct its contractors to take necessary measures for the appropriate management of such information.
6.
Scope of Application of Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy described herein is applicable only with respect to the website of EMEAP, and is not applicable with respect to any other websites or other sites linked to the above websites of EMEAP.
EMEAP Members
Site Map
|
Related Links
|
Disclaimer |
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Us
Copyright c EMEAP 2008