http://www.diocese-kcsj.org/privacyPolicy.php
CONTACT US |
STAFF LISTINGS |
LOCATIONS |
CALENDAR |
HOME
SEARCH
GO
DIOCESE
PARISHES
EDUCATION
VOCATIONS
PROTECTING CHILDREN
OFFICES and AGENCIES
QUICK LINKS
Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
Diocesan Guidelines for Acceptable Use of the Internet Site
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph Website.
This site is owned by the Catholic Diocese
of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph and maintained by The Catholic Chancery. Please review these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
By accessing or using this site, you agree to follow and be legally bound by these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
The Catholic Center is located at 20 West Ninth Street, in Kansas City, Missouri. You may contact us at the following postal address:
The Catholic Center
Post Office Box 419037
Kansas City, Missouri
64141-6037
We may also be reached by telephone at (816) 756-1850.
Led by the Bishop, The Catholic Center is staffed by people teamed in various ministerial specialties. They provide leadership and services to the parishes, institutions and all people throughout the Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph, for the unique apostolate of the Roman Catholic Church in this diocese.
Copyright Information
This site contains information, data, logos, graphics, images, photographs and other elements and materials (collectively, "Materials") that are owned by and are the copyrighted works of the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph or its third party providers.
All rights are reserved.
Except as stated herein, you may not use, copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative words from, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit in any form or by any means, including electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means, and Materials without the prior written permission of the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph.
Any unauthorized use of Materials contained on this site may violate copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or communications laws and regulations.
Online Conduct
You may not use the site for any unlawful purpose.
You may not use the site to collect personal information about users or transmit through or post on the site any unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicitly, profane, hateful or any racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate applicable laws.
You further may not use the site to violate, plagiarize or infringe the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary right.
Information Accuracy
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph makes every effort to ensure that all information presented on this site is correct.
However, the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph does not guaranty the accuracy of the information posted on this site, and reliance on information provided on this site is solely at your own risk.
If inaccuracies do occur, however, the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph will make all efforts to correct them expeditiously.
To report any Website inaccuracies, please e-mail or write to:
Communication Office, The Catholic Center, Post Office
PO Box 419037, KCMO
64141-6037
Links to External Sites
This site includes hyperlinks to Internet sites operated by persons other than the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph .
These links are provided for reference purposes only.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph does not control these sites and is not responsible for their content.
The placement of hyperlinks within our Web pages does not imply special relationships with the sites or an endorsement of the material posted.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to or viruses that may infect the computer equipment or other property of User arising from or related to access to use of or browsing the site or the downloading of any materials, data, text, images from the site by the User.
Privacy Policy
Personal Information:
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph makes every effort to respect the privacy of visitors.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph does not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, filling out a survey or registration form or sending us an e-mail message. The types of information that may be requested include your name, address, occupation, etc.
Periodically, the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph may send information by e-mail.
Persons receiving any electronic mailings self-determine by offering names and addresses on guest books or subscription pages.
Aggregate Information: The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph may collect aggregate, non-personal information about its users and their usage of this Website and any related services.
This information is not used to identify any individual user.
Public Forums:
You understand that any information that you divulge in the public areas of this Website, including the classifieds, newsletters, news alerts, or other areas, is public information and is not kept confidential by the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph.
Please use discretion when posting information to the public areas of this and any other Website.
Information from Children:
The Diocese does not direct its Website to minors.
Individuals under eighteen (18) should consult with their parent or guardian about the use of this site for their benefit.
Third Parties:
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph does not share electronic mailing lists with third parties.
Other Websites:
This Privacy Policy only addresses the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph's information gathering practices.
To the extent that you disclose personal information to other Websites, or link to other Websites, you are subject to the other Websites' privacy policies.
We encourage you to review a third party Website's privacy policy before you disclose any personal information.
Disclaimer
This site and materials are provided "as is," and the use of the site and materials is at your sole risk.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the site, the operation of the site, the materials or the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or that use of the site will be uninterrupted or error-free.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph hereby disclaims, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, all express or implied representations, warranties and guaranties, including by not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph does not represent or warrant any pricing, product or other information accessible on or through this Internet site is accurate, complete or current, and all information, including prices and availability, is subject to change without prior notice to User and without updating the information on the site.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the site.
Information on the site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph may change or update information without notice.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this site at any time without notice.
Limitation of Liability Respecting Site
Neither the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any damages of any kind arising from or in connection with the use of the site or the materials, including mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses or delays in operation or transmission, even if the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including compensatory, direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages (including but not limited to damages for lost profits, loss or inaccuracy of data or loss of revenue).
Indemnification by Site User
You agree to hold the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph and its affiliates harmless from and indemnify them against any claims by you or third parties based on or related to your on-line actions or your use of the site or the Materials and all damages, costs and expenses relating thereto.
You shall cooperate fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you shall not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph.
Governing Law; Choice of Forum
These Terms of Use, the use of the site and all other activities conducted through the site or with the Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph will be governed by and construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Missouri (excluding any conflict of laws rules).
These Terms of Use represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the site and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications.
Any cause of action which you may have with respect to your use of the site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any legal proceedings relating to these Terms of Use or to the site or activity conducted on or relating to the site will be the appropriate state or federal courts in the State of Missouri; you consent to such jurisdiction and waive all objections to such courts based on jurisdiction, venue and inconvenience of the forum.
Severability
The provisions for these Terms of Use are intended to be severable.
If for any reasons any provision of these Terms of Use shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.
Legal Contact Information
The Catholic Diocese of Kansas City ~ St. Joseph monitors and maintains this site.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, please contact the site administrator.
The Catholic Center:
20 West Ninth Street, Kansas City, Missouri 64105
Mailing Address: Post Office Box 419037, Kansas City, Missouri
64141-6037
Phone: 816.756.1850 | Toll-Free: 800.246.1850
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
 River City Studio - Web Development
&
Graphic Design 2008 - 2016
/li>