https://www.guidance-center.org/privacy-policy/
COVID-19
Home
About
Overview
Locations
People
Careers
Resources
Events
Support
Overview
Donate Online
Budd Lynch Endowment Fund For Children
Volunteer
Contact
Get In Touch
Communications & Philanthropy
Manager Login
PROGRAMS & SERVICES
Overview
ADULT SERVICES
Overview
Assertive Community Treatment
Case Management
Community Recovery Program
Individual Placement & Support
Mental Health & Substance Use Disorder Services
Psychiatric Services
Supported Employment
Workforce Development
Center for Excellence
CHILDREN & YOUTH SERVICES
Overview
Children’s Crisis Screening
Juvenile Justice Program
SUDDs
Youth Assistance Program (YAP)
EARLY CHILDHOOD
Overview
Community Resource Centers
Early Head Start
Head Start
Parents As Teachers
Infant & Early Childhood Mental Health
Kids-Talk Children’s Advocacy Center
COVID-19
Intellectual & Developmental Disabilities
Medical Services
Privacy Policy
THE GUIDANCE CENTER
ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Thank you for visiting www.guidance-center.org. We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you and are committed to protect and safeguard your privacy. This Privacy Statement will inform visitors and donors about the types of information we might collect when you visit our site, how we may use that information, and whether we disclose that information to anyone.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW WE USE IT
Any information we collect on our site generally falls into the Personally Identifiable Information category. Personally Identifiable Information lets us know specifically who you are. Most people visit our site without identifying themselves or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information.
When you make a donation we collect Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, contact and billing information, credit card, and other transaction information). We use this information to process payment and to communicate with you about the status of your transaction (if necessary). Credit card information submitted is used only for payment processing and is not retained on our site.
SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY
The Guidance Center does not sell, trade or otherwise retransmit any Personally Identifiable Information we collect online. The Guidance Center utilized the highest level of protection offered for most internet communications to protect any credit information via this site. In addition, internal practices help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to personal information.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Links to third-party websites may be provided solely for your information and convenience or to provide additional information for various other goods and services. If you use these links you will leave our site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those websites linked to our site, nor do we control the content or privacy policies of those sites. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Donate Today
Make a difference and donate to the following programs and campaigns.
We greatly appreciate your support.
View our donation campaigns
Donate online to
The Guidance Center
Easy way to donate.
We appreciate your support.
DONATE
The Budd Lynch Endowment
Fund for Children
A fund in honor of Budd Lynch & his support.
Shop at AmazonSmile
Shop at AmazonSmile and Amazon will make a donation to The Guidance Center.
Shop at Kroger and Donate
Earn money for The Guidance Center while you shop. It's easy!
© 2020 The Guidance Center | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
The Guidance Center | 13101 Allen Road | Southgate, MI 48195
|
734-785-7700
If you have unresolved concerns about safety or quality, you can contact the Joint Commission to file a complaint at 1-800-994-6610 or by e-mail at patientsafetyreport@jointcommission.org