https://www.legalwebdesign.com/privacy/
Privacy
This Privacy Policy governs information collected through this website. When you visit our site, we collect information sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address (which in some jurisdictions is considered to be personally identifiable information), as well as non-personally identifiable information including the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your web browser, the “referring” site from which you initially arrived at our site, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit on our site.
Our site uses common technology called “cookies,” which are small data files that are transferred to your hard drive when your browser settings permit the acceptance of cookies. Cookies automatically identify your web browser whenever you visit our site, and may save your preferences and other information related to your use of our site. Our site may use cookies or other technologies provided by site analytics services such as Google Analytics to help us better understand how our site is used, and to help us determine which features and content on our site are most important to our visitors. To learn more about, or to opt-out of Google’s analytics and marketing services, visit Google Analytics Terms of Use, the Google Privacy Policy, or Google Analytics Opt-out. Please note: some cookies/other technologies may track your activities not only on our site, but on third party sites you visit after you leave our site, and some services may aggregate this information collected from many sites into a single profile.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, please visit your browser settings to modify security protocols.
We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of all of our clients and website visitors. The firm may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
• Information that we receive from you, and
• Information learned in the course of our representation of you.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request and the requirements of our services to you. We do not disclose any public or non-public personal information about our clients, former clients, and/or website contacts to anyone, except as necessitated by the nature of services provided or as required by law.
If you have any questions about your personal information on file with us or wish to delete or to opt-out of any future correspondence, please contact us.
Video of the Week Search Engine NewsGoogle, YouTube add user controls to limit alcohol, gambling ads December 10, 2020How to compete with Google in the SERPs, make the jump to agency or in-house, and support ‘the doers’ in your organization December 9, 2020Google Search Console API gains fresh data & more December 9, 2020New key insights from Google’s John Mueller at SMX December 9, 2020Google rolls out App campaign type to re-engage existing users December 9, 2020
Request a Free Legal Web Design Consultation
No Obligation - No Hassle - NO SPAM
Name*
First
Phone*Email*
MessagePhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Tips and Tricks
Our Newsletter Subscription is 100% Opt-In - No Spam
Call Us: 888-480-3585
Social
Sitemap | Privacy
Copyright © 2020 Legal Web Design LLC
Subscribe to Legal Web Design Tips and Tricks
Our newsletter is 100% opt-in with no SPAM guaranteed.
Name*
Email*
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.