http://www.dickinsonlaw.com/privacy-statement/
Attorneys
Attorneys
View All
Search Alphabetical
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Or
Search By Name / Practice
Attorney Search
Practice Area
Adoption
Alimony
Appellate Practice
Background Checks and Drug Testing Best Practices
Bank Mergers & Acquisitions
Banking & Financial Services Law
Banking Intellectual Property
Banking Litigation
Banking Regulatory Compliance
Bankruptcy, Corporate Restructuring, & Creditors' Rights Law
Banks & Financial Institutions
Business Formation
Business Law
Business Litigation
Child Custody
Child Support
Construction
Construction Litigation & Surety
Contract Disputes
Contracts & Agreements
Contracts & Vendor Agreements
Copyrights
Corporate Governance (Banking Law)
Corporate Governance (Business Law)
Corporate Governance (Cybersecurity Law)
Cybersecurity & Vendor Agreements
Cybersecurity, Data Breach, & Privacy
Domain Names
Due Diligence
Education Law
Emerging Technology
Employee Complaints and Termination
Employee Use of Social Media
Employment & Labor Law
Employment Law Basics
Employment Law Training
Employment Litigation
Environmental Law
Environmental Litigation
Executive Comp & Benefits
Family Law
FMLA, FSLA, Military Leave, and ADA Compliance
Freedom of Information/Sunshine Law Disputes
Gambling and Gaming Law
Harassment & Discrimination Investigations
Harassment and Discrimination Prevention
Injury, Liability & OSHA Litigation
Insurance & Benefits Disputes
Insurance Defense
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Law
Juvenile Law
Labor Law
Lending, Collections & Bankruptcy
Licensing & Regulation
Licensing and Administrative Law
Litigation & Trial Law
Mediation & Arbitration
Mergers & Acquisitions
Multimedia Publishing
Municipal Law
Nonprofit Organizations
OSHA Defense and Consultation
Premarital Agreements
Preventive Counseling
Property Division
Real Estate & Land Use
Real Estate Litigation
Regulatory Compliance
SALT - State and Local Tax Law
Schools & Universities
Securities & Commodities
Start-Up Group
Tax Collection Matters
Tax Credits & Economic Incentives
Tax Disputes
Tax Planning
Taxation Law
Trade Secrets
Trademarks & Service Marks
Trusts & Estates Law
Unfair Competition / Antitrust
Practice Areas
Areas of Law
Industries
Ag Lending Resources
Divorce and Family Law
Blogs & Media
Podcast
Dickinson Cares
Dickinson Law News
Iowa Agribusiness Law Blog
Iowa Banking Law Blog
Iowa Bankruptcy Law Blog
Iowa Bidding & Public Contracts Blog
Iowa Commercial Litigation Blog
Iowa Construction Law Blog
Iowa Cybersecurity Law Blog
Iowa Education Law Blog
Iowa Employer Law Blog
Iowa Family Law Blog
Iowa Intellectual Property Blog
Iowa Real Estate & Land Use Blog
Iowa Tax Cafe Blog
Iowa Trusts & Estates Blog
Wage & Hour Watch
Start-Up Group
Iowa Table Salt Blog
Iowa Immigration Blog
About
Contact
Careers
Law Firm Alliance Membership
Pictorial History of the Firm
Upcoming Events
Iowa Artists on Display
Contact
Search menu button
Home
Attorneys
By Photo
Alphabetical
By Practice Area
Practice Areas
Areas of Law
Industries
Ag Lending Resources
Divorce and Family Law
Blogs & Media
Podcast
Dickinson Cares
Podcast
Dickinson Law News
Iowa Agribusiness Law Blog
Iowa Banking Law Blog
Iowa Bankruptcy Law Blog
Iowa Bidding & Public Contracts Blog
Iowa Commercial Litigation Blog
Iowa Construction Law Blog
Iowa Cybersecurity Law Blog
Iowa Education Law Blog
Iowa Employer Law Blog
Iowa Family Law Blog
Iowa Intellectual Property Blog
Iowa Real Estate & Land Use Blog
Iowa Tax Cafe Blog
Iowa Trusts & Estates Blog
Wage & Hour Watch
Start-Up Group
Iowa Table Salt Blog
Iowa Immigration Blog
About
Contact
Careers
Attorneys
Professional Staff
Summer Associates
Law Firm Alliance Membership
Pictorial History of the Firm
Upcoming Events
Iowa Artists on Display
2020 Iowa Artists
Iowa Artists Open House
Artist Application
2020 Virtual Art Show
Contact
Search icon
Close mobile menu button
Search the website
Close
Home
›
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Legal Notices
The determination of the need for legal services and the choice of a lawyer are extremely important decisions and should not be based solely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise.  This disclosure is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.  Memberships and offices in legal fraternities and legal societies, technical and professional licenses, and memberships in scientific, technical and professional associations and societies of law or field of practice do not mean that a lawyer is a specialist or expert in a field of law, nor do they mean that such lawyer is necessarily any more expert or competent than any other lawyer.  All potential clients are urged to make their own independent investigation and evaluation of any lawyer being considered.  This notice is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.
Visitors accessing the Dickinson, Mackaman, Tyler & Hagen, P.C. web site are requesting information. Transmission and receipt of the materials on the web site do not constitute provision of legal advice, establish an attorney-client relationship, or create any duty of Dickinson, Mackaman, Tyler & Hagen P.C. to any visitor. The act of sending an e-mail to an attorney at Dickinson, Mackaman, Tyler & Hagen, P.C. will not create an attorney/client relationship. Unsolicited information sent to Dickinson, Mackaman, Tyler & Hagen P.C. by anyone who is not a client of the firm is not subject to any duty of confidentiality on the part of the firm and may be disclosed to others.
Any references or links to other sites are provided for your convenience. References or links to other sites don’t reflect their importance, and shouldn’t be considered an endorsement of the organization, product, or services sponsoring those sites, the views expressed on the sites, or products or services offered on the sites.
Privacy Statement
Dickinson, Mackaman, Tyler & Hagen P.C. does not sell or rent visitor information to any third party.  A complete version of our privacy policy can be found here.
Des Moines Office
699 Walnut Street, Suite 1600
Des Moines,
IA 50309
Directions
515.244.2600
515.244.2600
Contact Us
Pella Office
713 East First Street, Suite 2
Pella,
IA 50219
Directions
641.204.0418
641.204.0418
Contact Us
Connect with us
Make a Secure Payment
Pay Invoice
Pay Retainer
Sitemap
Legal Notices / Privacy Statement
Adobe Acrobat Reader
© 2020 Dickinson, Mackaman, Tyler & Hagen, P.C.
All rights reserved
We are a proud member of
The Law Firm Alliance
WEB DEVELOPMENT BY
GLOBAL REACH
© 2020 Dickinson, Mackaman, Tyler & Hagen, P.C.. All rights reserved.
Cookie Settings
Accept All Cookies
We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, to enhance your browsing experience, to provide a better service through personalized content, and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site. To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "Accept all Cookies", or you can make changes to your cookie preferences by clicking "Cookie Settings". For more information about our use of cookies and to opt-out of cookies at any time, please refer to our website Privacy Policy.
About Your Privacy
Required Cookies
Personalization Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Social Media / Sharing Cookies
View Our Privacy Policy
We care about data privacy, which we consider to be a fundamental human right. To that end, we adopted a series of administrative and technical procedures in order to strengthen the protection of your right to personal data protection.
Required cookies are those that are used solely for the purpose of transmitting a communication and those that are absolutely necessary for a website to provide the service that a user is requesting. Examples include an authentication cookie that identifies a user for the duration of the session once that user logs in to a website or a cookie that keeps track of items placed in an e-commerce shopping cart.
Personalization cookies are those that enable a user to access a website and receive services that are catered to that user's pre-defined characteristics, such as language, browser type used to access the service, regional configuration from where the service is accessed, etc.
Allow Personalization Cookies
Analytics cookies are those that enable the monitoring and analyzing of the behavior of users of a website. The information gathered through such cookies is used for measuring the activity of the website, platform or application and for profiling the navigation of users of the website, platform or application, in order to improve the website based on that analysis.
Allow Analytics Cookies
Social Media / Sharing Cookies are third-party cookies that are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our website or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site such as Facebook, Twitter or YouTube. The third-party cookies procedures are managed and controlled exclusively by each provider in accordance to their own privacy policies. You can disable third-party cookies in your browser settings. In order not to be tracked by social media widgets, you can log out of all social networks you are logged in prior to visiting our website.
Allow Social Media / Sharing Cookies
Close