http://www.weingart.org/privacy-policy
Home
About
Impact
Weingart Works
Get Involved
Skid Row Cams
Donate
Back
Our Mission
Our Team
Weingart Blog
Weingart Events
Weingart News
Social & Press
Contact
Back
Success Stories
Audit Reports
Back
Building the Future
Programs
Back
Donate
Community Meetings
Careers
PRIVACY POLICYLast updated May 26, 2020Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Weingart Center Association, doing business as Weingart Center (“Weingart Center”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at development@weingart.org.When you visit our website https://weingart.org, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as https://weingart.org), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Services").Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.——1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?Personal information you disclose to usIn Short:  We collect personal information that you provide to us.We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our programs and services.The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, and the features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:Publicly Available Personal Information. We may collect first name, last name, phone numbers, email addresses, and other similar data.Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Acceptiva. You may find their privacy policy link(s) here: https://www.acceptiva.com/privacy-policy/.All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.Information automatically collectedIn Short: Some information — such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our website.We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate our website. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our website, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.Like many businesses and nonprofits, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.2. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate nonprofit/business interests.Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on our website, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with our website over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.3. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?In Short:  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 90 days.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it.5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our website and/or payment/donation processing services is at your own risk. You should only access such services within a secure environment.6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?In Short:  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using our website, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at development@weingart.org.7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short:  We may use cookies as needed.Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our website.8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURESMost web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at development@weingart.org or by post to:Weingart Center Association 566 S San Pedro StLos Angeles, CA 90013United States