http://www.indiapartners.org/privacy-policy
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
India Partners is committed to donor privacy
We respect your privacy and do not rent, sell, or exchange our mailing lists. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website.
Reading or browsing our website
On the India Partners website, we do not require you to identify yourself or reveal any personal information. We do track the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, but this is strictly the number of "hits," not details on specific visitors. This helps us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online donations
If you complete the donation form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary.
You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Text Message Service
If you have opted to join India Partners’ text service, you will receive up to 3 message per month. Standard message and data rates may apply. You will not receive a text message from India Partners unless you opt-in into the text program. Providing your mobile number is voluntary, and we will not share or distribute your information.
You may always opt-out of receiving future text messages; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Mail and Email: If you would like to change or stop receiving communication from us, please email us at info@indiapartners.org or call our office at 877-874-6342 and we’ll happily make changes. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You cannot remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Text Messages: To stop receiving text messages, text STOP, QUIT or CANCEL. By enrolling in the texting service, you consent that after having submitted a request to opt-out you will receive one (1) final message confirming that you have been removed from the system. No additional text messages will be sent unless you rejoin the system by opting-in to it again. You can also email info@indiapartners.org or call our office 877-874-6342 to opt-out.
Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your information. India Partners will collect any information needed to complete your transaction, receipt your gift and communicate back to you. Our site uses a securely encrypted response form to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card, login, and password information.
Social Media Services
Our website may provide you with the ability to register, log on to, “like” or otherwise interact with social media services, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or YouTube. We do not control these social media services or your profiles on these services. If you choose to log on to or submit information through any of these social media services, your information will be subject to the applicable social media service’s privacy policy.
Text and images
The photographs, video footage, logos, etc, you view on the India Partners website are either the copyrighted property of India Partners or are copyrighted by another company and used with their permission. Please honor these copyrights and do not reproduce these materials without our written permission. Contact info@indiapartners.org for permission to use any media or information on our site.
Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with India Partners’ website, you can contact us at info@indiapartners.org.
Thank you for joining the India Partners online community!