http://www.etf.europa.eu/en/legal-notice
Skip to main content
You are here
Home
Legal notice
Legal notice
General disclaimer
The ETF maintains this website to enhance public access to information about our activities. We aim to keep this information timely, accurate and complete; and if errors are brought to our attention, we will do our best to correct them in a timely manner. However, we accept no responsibility or liability with regard to the information on this site.
It is our goal to minimise disruption caused by technical errors. However, some data or information on our site may have been created or structured in file formats that are not error-free and we cannot guarantee that our services will not be interrupted or otherwise affected. The ETF accepts no responsibility with regard to such problems as a result of using this site or any linked external sites.
Copyright notice
The ETF has copyright on the content of this website. The materials published on this website may be used for private purposes - provided the source is acknowledged - unless otherwise stated. For use, reproduction, transmission for purposes other than private, please request permission from the ETF.
ETF logo
The ETF - European Training Foundation name and logo are the exclusive property of the ETF and cannot be used without our written permission.
Links to this website
The ETF encourages organisations and individuals to link to our website under the condition that:
links are not used in a defamatory context
information linked is not changed in any way
information linked is not displayed in a manner which suggests endorsement of any commercial product or service
information linked is not displayed alongside advertising
Privacy notice
The ETF is committed to user privacy. Although you can browse through the site without giving any information about yourself, in some cases personal information is required in order to provide the services you request, and is treated in accordance to our web privacy statement.
The European Union's family of institutional websites, within the 'europa.eu' domain, provides links to third party sites. Since we do not control them, we encourage you to review their privacy policies.
This website use cookies to analyse site usage and to enhance user experience. To learn more about how we use cookies and how you can control and disable them, please see our Cookies page.
Related content
Related pages
Cookies
Data protection
More information
Website - Privacy statement
11 Sep 2020
pdfen