http://www.christianhappenings.com/privacy
Sell tickets to my event
Search
Tours
Festivals
Streaming events
Discover
Create event
Account
My account
Help
Create event
Main menu
Sell tickets to my event
Search
Tours
Festivals
Streaming events
Discover
My account
Help
iTickets Privacy Policy
Last updated January 6th, 2020
This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, use, and share data gathered about you both online and offline. It includes our websites, apps, walk-up box offices, phone, and email interactions.
The majority of products and services on our sites are offered without our collecting any personally identifiable information from you. You can surf iTickets's Web sites and view much of our content anonymously. (For instance, you can search events without giving out any personally identifiable information.)
Electronic communication
When using our website functions, using the Logged In pages or emailing us you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. All information, disclosures, notices, and agreements we communicate to you via email or via the website are considered to be in writing.
By giving us your email address (by voluntarily creating a user account with us, and / or by purchasing products through us) you consent to receiving electronic communication directly from us. This communication can be directly related to your purchase or direct marketing from us.
Data You Provide
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
There are activities on our sites where the collection of personally identifiable data is necessary. Those activities include things like entering a contest or sweepstakes, creating a user account, logging in, making a purchase, or contacting us. When personally identifiable information is collected, you will know because you will have to fill out a form or give it to us via email, text, phone, etc. For most activities, we collect your name, email address, and zip code. Profile Data includes your username and password; purchases or orders made by you; your interests, preferences, and feedback; and communications you’ve sent to us or we’ve sent to you. When you make a purchase, we also collect your shipping and billing addresses, phone number, and payment card information. Depending on what you purchase, we may also need to collect other personal information, like your clothing size, age, or gender. Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us, which includes anything we’ve sent or delivered to you. We may also collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties, and your communication preferences.
Technical Data includes details of visits to our site, internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. We may also look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We might also collect the type of device you are using and the version of the operating system your device is running. If you use the iTickets mobile app, we will collect your GPS location or your device's unique identifier. We may also look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, communications (including email and social media), products, and services.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you at the time if this is the case.
Information Collected from You with Technology
iTickets sites collect some information about you using tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. For instance, when you come to our site your IP address is collected so that we know where to send information you are requesting. An IP address is often associated with the place from which you enter the internet like your ISP (internet service provider), your company, or your university. This information is not personally identifiable. iTickets sites use information collected through technology to make our sites more interesting and useful to you. This includes helping advertisers on our site design advertisements that are of interest to our guests. We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for various purposes. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice. We will also combine this information with personally identifiable information to identify a visitor in order to enforce compliance with our house rules or terms of use or to protect our service, site, guests, or others.
What are cookies, and how does iTickets use them?
Cookies are pieces of information that a Website sends to your computer while you are viewing the Website. These pieces of information allow the Website to remember context that will make your visit to that site more useful. iTickets and other internet companies use cookies for a variety of purposes. For instance, iTickets uses cookies to remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, you won't have access to many iTickets features that make your Web experience more efficient, and some of our services will not function properly.
How and why we use your personal identifiable data
We only use personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we use personal data in the following circumstances: when it is required to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you; where it is in our legitimate interests (or those of a third party), and your interests do not override that interest; or where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message from us. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
iTickets uses personally identifiable information in a limited number of ways. We use the information to complete transactions. For instance, if you purchase a ticket on iTickets, we use your information to process your order, or if you contact us for help we will use the information to contact you. We use information collected to notify you if you've won a game or contest. Information we collect is used to send you email updates and newsletters about our sites. We also use the information you provide to send you iTickets email promotions and special offers from our third-party sponsors.
We provide data to third-party event-organizers that ticket their events via our site. This data is shared on the ticket buyer's behalf. This allows ticket buyers to receive any last minute updates that pertain to the event they are attending. Third party event-organizers may also send you other special promotions they offer, or information on future events, and we will share it only with that specific third-party event-organizer.
Does iTickets share information with companies or other organizations that are not part of the iTickets family of sites?
One of the most valuable assets of our business is our relationship with you. We will not give or sell your information. However, if there is a value for our guests, we will share your information or send you messages on behalf of another company as described in this privacy policy. We will also share information for security reasons.
Companies That Are "Standing in the Shoes" of iTickets
Sometimes we hire companies to help us deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package. In those instances, we need to share your information with them. These companies are basically "standing in the shoes" of iTickets, and they are allowed to use the information only to deliver the product or service.
Companies Offering Promotions, Products, or Services
On occasion, we offer promotions in conjunction with a sponsor -- like sweepstakes or free downloads. We will share your information with the sponsors if they need it to send you a product, such as a CD or T-shirt. In addition, iTickets occasionally sends email promotions out to our guests on behalf of third-party sponsors. In this instance, we don't share your name with the third party -- we do the mailing for them.
Content Partners
On some of our sites, we provide content that is created by a partner Website. For instance, we provide search engines to third parties. In some instances the third-party sites will collect information in order to facilitate the transaction or to make the use of their content more productive and efficient. In these circumstances the information collected is shared between iTickets and our partner.
Third-Party Links for Advertisers and Network Advertisers
iTickets may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Those companies have their own privacy policies. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. Once you've clicked on an advertisement and have left iTickets, our privacy policy no longer applies.
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. You must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their site.
In addition, many company advertisements are managed and placed on our site by third-party companies. These companies are called "network advertisers." Network advertisers collect non-personally identifiable information when you click on or scan one of their banner advertisements. The information is collected using technology, so you may not realize it's being collected. The network advertisers collect this information so that they can show you ads that are more relevant and interesting to you.
Purchase or Sale of Businesses
Online business is constantly changing and evolving rapidly. As iTickets continually looks for ways to improve our business, we may buy or sell a company. If we buy or sell a business, the data collected will likely be transferred as a part of the sale. Information about registrants will be used in the aggregate. However, if we buy a business, we will honor the requests that customers made of that business regarding email communications. In the event that we sell a business, we will do everything in our power to ensure that the email communication requests you made of us are honored.
Organizations That Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Guests and Our Sites
We will give out personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena; to enforce our Terms of Service, or site or game rules; or to protect the safety and security of guests and our sites.
What choices do I have about iTickets collecting, using, and sharing my information?
It is possible for you to use much of our site without giving us any personally identifiable information. When you do register with us or give us personally identifiable information, at the time we collect your information you will have an opportunity to limit email communications from iTickets and from our third-party partners. You can unsubscribe at any time, which constitutes a request that iTickets not send future email to you. Also, as mentioned above, there are ways to limit the information collected through technology -- though some of our features won't work if you decide to do this.
Data Security
iTickets takes technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect all visitors' information. The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected. When you provide credit card information, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to protect it. However, no internet site is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that your use of our sites will be completely safe.
We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. There are some things that you can do to help protect the security of your information as well. For instance, never give out your Password, since this is what is used to access all of your account information. Also, remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you finish surfing the Web, so that other people using the same computer won't have access to your information. If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name, contact us immediately.