http://www.yogaeast.org/pages/privacy-policy
Join Yoga East's Email List
HomeVIRTUALIn-PersonMysoreFees/Gift CardsTraining200 Hour Course300 Hour CourseTeachersAboutContact UsOur StoryTeacher BiosPrivacy Policy
If you are accessing our website from outside the United States, note that our policies may differ from those of your country.
Yoga East Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Yoga East, Inc. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site or at Yoga East studios from your registration form. It will notify you of the following:
www.yogeast.org is our website. It collects personally identifiable information from you in order for you to register for classes and be on our email list. We do not use the information for any other purposes and we do not share information.  Yoga East partners with Mindbodyonline for registration, purchases, and payment processing.  Mindbodyonline (MBO) collects credit card information from you, and this information, including your account number, is not saved locally in an identifiable form. No one at Yoga East, including teachers, staff and management have access to your personal financial information such as credit card account numbers.
You may access your own account on MBO and review, correct, change or delete your information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to maintain your account.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 502-585-9642 or via email on the Contact Us page.
Yoga East, Inc. Business Office1125 E. Kentucky StreetLouisville, KY 40204502-585-9642admin@yogaeast.org
Make a secure donation with Paypal.
Yoga East, Inc. Is a 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization and admits students without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, national or ethnic origin, gender, age, religion or sexual orientation. Donations to Yoga East are tax-deductible charitable donations and support our scholarships and community programs.
View Mobile Site