https://www.stonechurch.co.uk/conditions/index.php
Welcome
Sundays
Message mp3s
Children
Events ...
News & Local
Ladies Events
Mens Events
Prayer
Vine Club
Clover Friends
Football
Thro' The Roof
Alpha
Beliefs & Aims
History
Find Us
Contact Us
Link-up
Giving
Food bank
Messy Church
Alpha 2020
Christmas 2020
Stoneleigh Baptist Church
sowing seeds of hope in the community
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
The content in this web site is provided "as is" for general information purposes without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
Information on this web site and any Internet link is provided in good faith and thought to be accurate at the time of its inclusion. Changes and corrections may be made to this web site at any time without notice. Your use of any information or materials on this web site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
Links on this site may lead to services or sites not operated or controlled by Stoneleigh Baptist Church. Any such link is not necessarily an endorsement of that service or site and no warranty is made or responsibility taken in respect of the information or further links provided by such services or sites.
Any inaccuracies on this site may be reported to Stoneleigh Baptist Church via the webmaster.
Use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Copyright notice
The content of this website, unless otherwise stated, is copyright © 2010 by Stoneleigh Baptist Church and may not be reused without permission.
All rights reserved.
All registered trademarks, logos, etc. of third parties used or referenced in this web site are hereby acknowledged and are the property of their respective owners.
Alpha logo and text used by permission. Images and text © Alpha International 2020
Unless otherwise stated, any scripture quotations are taken from the HOLY BIBLE, NEW INTERNATIONAL VERSION®. Copyright © 1973, 1978, 1984 International Bible Society. Used by permission of Zondervan. All rights reserved. The "NIV" and "New International Version" trademarks are registered in the United States Patent and Trademark Office by International Bible Society. Use of either trademark requires the permission of International Bible.
Privacy Policy
Stoneleigh Baptist Church is committed to protecting your privacy and security when using this site.
This site does not use "cookies" to store or pass information to us.
This site does not automatically store any personally identifiable information about users.
Our web host provider collects generic information from your web browser that is made available to us in statistical form for the purpose of knowing how the site is used or may be further enhanced. If you require more detailed information about this please contact the webmaster.
If you choose to provide us with your email address this may be used to provide you with occasional details of our services and events that we think may be of interest to you. You may ask to be removed from our records at any time.
Email addresses or other personal information will never be passed to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law.
Any personal information provided to Stoneleigh Baptist Church will only be used with your knowledge, will be kept up to date and retained only for so long as it is required and will not be passed to any other organisation except at your specific request. Any inaccurate or misleading data will be corrected as soon as possible.
If you believe that any information about you that we hold is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible and we will promptly amend it as required.
Any changes to this privacy policy will be notified here.
If you use an external link on our site to view services or sites not operated or controlled by Stoneleigh Baptist Church please note they are not governed by this privacy statement and we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Registered Charity Number in England & Wales 1126699
Stoneleigh Baptist Church, The Glade, Stoneleigh, EPSOM Surrey KT17 2HL - 020 8393 3012
TERMS - PRIVACY - COPYRIGHT © 2020