https://www.fghwlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
CLIENT PAYMENTS
Farrow-Gillespie Heath Witter LLP | Dallas, TX
Home
About the Firm
Attorneys
Paula L. Beasley
Scott Chase
Tahlia Clement
Patricia Davis
Jessica Dunne
Christopher Elam
Liza Farrow-Gillespie
Julie E. Heath
Christian S. Kelso
Kevin M. Kerr
Jennifer Lewis
Mary L. O’Connor
Deborah J. Schmidt
Spencer Turner
Henry Wehrmann
Ellen Daniel Williamson
Chris Wilmoth
Debra L. Witter
See All Attorneys
Practice Areas
Advertising, Marketing, and Promotions Law
Corporate Law
Employment Law
Estate Planning
Health Law
Litigation & Arbitration
National Security Law
Nonprofit Organizations
Probate Law
Real Estate Law
Title IX Law
Trademark Law
Articles
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last modified: July 21, 2018
Introduction
Farrow-Gillespie Heath Witter LLP is committed to protecting your privacy. Information or data about you or that can be used to identify you, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or other information or data, may be referred to below as “personal information”. References in this Privacy Policy to “we,” “us,” “our” or “FGHW” are references to the law firm of Farrow-Gillespie Heath Witter LLP, a Texas, USA partnership, and representatives of the foregoing who are responsible for collecting and processing information or data about you, also known as data controllers. Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be collected, stored, used and disclosed. This Privacy Policy may change periodically, so please check back from time to time.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed at children under the age of 13 and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If this website obtains actual knowledge that it has obtained personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately and permanently deleted from our records.
How We Collect Personal Information
We may collect personal information about you in a number of ways, including:
When you voluntarily choose to disclose such information to us. For example, you may disclose personal information to us when you submit information by mail, telephone, fax, or electronically, or when you sign up for newsletters, and other marking communications.
During the course of dealings with you for, or on behalf of, a client
When you apply for a position with us.
When you contact us for these or any other reason, we may monitor and keep a record of that correspondence (in whatever form)
When we collect publicly available information about you or your business (including through electronic data sources)
When we collect your personal data from third parties (for example our clients or other law firms)
When you offer or provide services to us
Through the use of cookies and other technologies to collect certain information when you visit this website.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal information for a legal and legitimate interest, such as legal services. Most commonly we will process your personal information when it is necessary:
For the performance of a contract to which you are party
For compliance with our legal obligations
For the purposes of pursuing our legitimate interests (this includes carrying out the business of providing legal services and pursuing our general business interests)
For the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims
In addition, we may process your personal information when you have provided your consent for us to do so, for example, to provide you with information about our services, and to advise you of news and industry updates, events, reports and other information.
Sharing and Transferring Your Data
We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information. We may share your information with any third parties who provide services on our behalf. We may also disclose your personal information to our employees, agents, consultants and sub-contractors who assist us in running our business, including this website, or provide related services, and who are subject to security and confidentiality obligations. We will also disclose your personal information as required by a court order or any other legal or regulatory requirement, including in response to requests from public and government authorities outside your country of residence or to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that of you or others anywhere in the world.
We may transfer information about you between countries if required for a relevant purpose as described above. These may include countries which do not provide the same level of protection as the laws of your home country. However, we will at all times ensure a level of protection for your data at least as protective as that required in the United States, as applicable. We will also require our agents, consultants and sub-contractors and others who are outside the United States and to whom we transfer information about you to ensure a similar level of data protection.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and on our systems.
Your Rights with Regard to Your Personal Information
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this policy only addresses our use and disclosure of personal information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your personal information to third parties, including any third party website linked from any of our websites, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of those third parties.
In certain jurisdictions, in accordance with applicable privacy laws, you may be entitled to one or more of the following rights:
The right to request details of the information we hold about you and how we process it
The right to have that information rectified or deleted
The right to restrict our processing of that information
The right to have personal information relating to you transferred to another organization
The right to object to the processing of your personal information and to withdraw any consent in relation to your data (although any objection or withdrawal of consent could mean we are unable to perform the actions necessary to provide our services to you or otherwise fulfill the purpose for which we have requested the information)
The right to lodge a complaint about us with a local supervisory authority
Please note that even if you have chosen to withdraw your consent and have the right under applicable law to do so, we may be able to continue thereafter to process your personal information to the extent required or otherwise permitted by law, in particular in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
To exercise your rights in relation to the data we hold, please use the contact details in “Contact Us” below.”
Retention
We retain your personal information only for as long as is appropriate for our relationship with you, in accordance with our retention policies, and in accordance with applicable laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We will, in particular, retain your personal information where required for us to assert or defend against legal claims until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
Additional Marketing Notice
We may process additional personal information provided by you for marketing purposes, for example in correspondence relating to an event, when you let us know what legal areas you are interested in, and when you wish to be contacted by us. This may include access to information about your health or religious beliefs.
Your personal information may also be collected in our e-newsletter system when you register online to receive legal updates, or when we otherwise receive your contact details. You will receive a confirmation notice when your details have been added to our e-newsletter system. You can update or request, however, to have your data removed from our relationship management at any time by contacting us by using the contact details below. You also will be provided with the option to unsubscribe or opt-out from receiving further marketing communications by following the instructions at the bottom of each communication.
Contact Us
Our contact details are as follows:
Farrow-Gillespie Heath Witter LLP
1700 Pacific Avenue, Suite 3700
Dallas, TX 75201
United States of America
PH 214-361-5600 F 214-203-0651
Liza Farrow-Gillespie, Appointed Person
Email: liza@fghwlaw.com
Farrow-Gillespie Heath Witter LLP
1700 Pacific Avenue
Suite 3700
Dallas, TX 75201
214-361-5600
214-203-0651 fax
Use of this site is subject to our terms of use.
Law Firm Primary Practice Areas
Advertising, Marketing, and Promotions Law
Business and Corporate Law
Commercial Litigation
Elder Law
Employment Law
Estate Planning
Health Law
National Security Law
Nonprofit Organizations
Personal Injury and Products Litigation Defense
Probate Law
Real Estate Law
Surrogacy and Adoption
Title IX Law
Legal Updates and Articles
Advertising, Marketing, and Promotions Law (3)
Business and Corporate Law (22)
Elderlaw and Guardianship Law (5)
Employment Law (9)
Estate Planning (22)
Family Law (3)
FGHW News (1)
Health Law (20)
Litigation (4)
Nonprofit Organizations (7)
Privacy Law (1)
Probate (11)
Real Estate (2)
Securities Law (2)
Taxation (4)
Title IX Law (1)
Uncategorized (1)
Zoning and Urban Development (2)
Important Notice
Use of this website is subject to our Terms of Use. Contacting an attorney via this site does not create attorney-client privilege. Legal representation does not exist until a written representation agreement is signed by the client and a partner of the firm. The information on this site does not constitute legal advice.
Farrow-Gillespie Heath Witter LLP
1700 Pacific Avenue, Suite 3700
Dallas, TX 75201
214-361-5600
214-203-0651 fax
https://www.fghwlaw.com
Copyright FGHW 2019. All rights reserved.