https://www.learnreligions.com/is-ganja-legal-rastas-united-states-95951
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Corbis / Getty Images
Alternative Religions
Overview
Beliefs
Mythological Figures
Satanic Beliefs and Creeds
By
Catherine Beyer
Wicca Expert
M.A., History, University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee
B.A., History, Kalamazoo College
Catherine Beyer is a practicing Wiccan who has taught religion in at Lakeland College in Wisconsin as well as humanities and Western culture at the University of Wisconsin, Green Bay.
our editorial process
Catherine Beyer
Updated March 04, 2019
Marijuana, commonly known as ganja among Rastas, is illegal in most countries, including the US. However, as an important part of the Rastafari religion, is ganja smoking protected by the First Amendment, which guarantees religious freedom?
Legality
No. Possessing marijuana is illegal in the United States regardless of religion. In fact, while a number of states have taken steps to decriminalize marijuana use, particularly for medical reasons, federal agencies can still arrest marijuana users within those states.
Many compare the Rasta use of ganja to the Native American use of peyote, which is legal in certain religious circumstances despite the fact that both ganja and peyote are Schedule I drugs, which are the most highly controlled substances.
Peyote and the Native American Church
Why do Rastas Smoke Ganja and Wear Dreadlocks?
The Beliefs and Practices of Rastafari
Haile Selassie Biography: Ethiopian Emperor and Rastafari Messiah
Is Scientology a Cult?
Geometric Shapes and Their Symbolic Meanings
Introduction to Scientology
Yoruba Religion: History and Beliefs
Exploring the Different Branches of Satanism
6 Bestselling Books That Tell the Truth About Scientology
How Do Tarot Cards and Readings Work?
Syncretism - What Is Syncretism?
Rebis: the Result of the Great Work in Alchemy
6 Belief Types Used in the World's Religions
Folk Magic
Paths of the Western Occult Tradition