https://www.tubman.org/get-help/mental-chemical-health/
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Tubman's mental and chemical health services are being offered via telehealth, or remotely, at this time.
This includes individual therapy, medication management, co-occurring disorders treatment, chemical health assessments (Rule 25), the Relationship Violence Intervention Program, and Trauma Skills group. Most groups are also meeting via telehealth, including the St. Paul Relationship Violence Intervention Program, as groups are not being held in person at this time. If you are already a client, your individual provider can assist you in accessing food pantry support.
Please speak to your individual provider for updates, or call the Intake Department at 612.870.2426.
Meet Tubman's Clinical Services TeamIf you are looking for a new mental or chemical health services provider, you can click on the names of our mental health and chemical health staff to learn more about their backgrounds and areas of specialty. We hope this helps you find someone with whom you'd like to work. Please call our Intake Office at 612-870-2426 for information on scheduling an appointment.
Mental Health staff:
Birgit Olsen Kelly, LICSW (she/her)
Birgit Olsen Kelly, LICSW (she/her)
I have worked in mental health for 29 years in a variety of settings and roles: community work, teaching, therapy, group home settings, private and group practice, hospital level of care, administrative and direct practice. I believe therapy is collaboration and work to help the client access and harness their inherent wisdom in order to move forward with the process of growth and change. I specialize in complex trauma, dissociative disorders, Borderline Personality Disorder, Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT), couples (including LGBTQ), vicarious trauma, anxiety, and depression. I have completed level II of Sensorimotor Psychotherapy Training in working with trauma, Dialectical Behavior Therapy training, and working with providers experiencing secondary traumatic stress. I work with both adult individuals and couples of all genders and orientations. I hold a Masters in Social Work, Licensed Independent Clinical Social Worker, and a PhD.
Elliot Feria, LGSW (they/them)
Robin Scearcy Fischer, LGSW (she/her)
Robin Scearcy Fischer, LGSW (she/her)
I believe that humans tend towards healing when in a space of safety, trust, and curiosity. Together, we can access the space where we are already whole and walk together to a fuller embodiment of healing and joy. My degree is in Transpersonal Psychotherapy. I practice person-centered therapy, DBT, motivation interviewing, clinical hypnotherapy, mindfulness practices, and art experiential therapeutic activities. I have three years of experience, and had special training in clinical hypnosis, DBT, group psychotherapy, yoga, and complex trauma. I work with adult clients of all identities. I love my work as a psychotherapist and am passionate about Tubman's mission and team. Fit is important; let's see if we fit! If we don't, I will help match you with someone on our team who does!
Barbara Leonard-Guy, LMFT (she/her)
Barbara Leonard-Guy, LMFT (she/her)
We all have seasons of life when we feel lonely, disconnected, or dissatisfied. We may long for a stronger sense of meaning and purpose in our daily tasks, or we find ourselves craving deeper connection in our relationships. I support my clients to grow and transform into the people they want to be, and create and embrace the lives they wish for. As a marriage and family therapist, I believe the dynamics within our primary relationships, our families, and our communities impact our identities. I work with individuals, couples, and families to address a variety of issues including anxiety, depression, grief and loss, relationship conflict, and LGBTQ concerns. I have been working as a therapist since 2014. Before launching my career as a therapist, I worked with non-profit organizations providing holistic family advocacy in the areas of domestic violence, sexual assault, and immigration. I hope you’ll find Tubman Chrysalis Center to be a community-centered clinic that will meet your therapy needs. Welcome!
TaLisa Maldonado, LGSW (she/her)
Laura Pawlik, MA (she/her)
Laura Pawlik, MA (she/her)
Therapy is a space for collaboration and healing. I believe that feeling safe and comfortable with a therapist is what makes change and healing possible. I often work with clients who have experienced trauma, including all forms of abuse. I also work with people struggling with depression, anxiety, substance abuse issues, interpersonal relationship challenges and clients across the spectrums of sexual orientation and gender identity. I have been working in the field for two years, and I am trained in DBT (Dialectical Behavior Therapy) and Sensorimotor Psychotherapy, a body-oriented talk therapy for trauma.
Kara Vangen, LGSW (she/her)
Chemical Health staff (LADC):
April DeJarlais, MA LADC (she/her)
Katrina Ferguson, MA LADC (she/her)
Aria Walker, LADC (she/her)
Contract Mental Health staff:
Terri Bernard, PsyD, LP (she/her)
Corrine Bruning, LGSW (she/her)
Bev Caruso, LICSW (she/her)
Bev Caruso, LICSW (she/her)
I have more than 40 years of experience helping adults, couples, and groups on their journeys to experiencing full and satisfying lives. I enjoy examining each person’s life experience in order to reach an understanding of that life, change maladaptive patterns and enhance relationships. I have had years of training in psychodynamic therapy with attention to cognitive, somatic, and supportive therapy. I aim to integrate these therapies to benefit my clients.
Jessie Daley, LICSW (she/her)
Caroline Hennessey, LGSW, T-ADC (she/her)
Bryan May, LGSW (he/him)
Tiffany Newman, LGSW (she/her)
Nora O'Hara, LGSW (she/her)
Hans Olson, MA (he/him)
Deb Ringwelski, LGSW (she/her)
April Wolfson, APRN (she/her)
Mental Health Interns
Jieyi Cai (they/them)
Theo Catanzaro (he/him)
Mel Day (she/they)
Kayla Huber (she/they)
Megan Lindemann (she/her)
Olivia McNeely (she/her)
Nikki Wachlarowicz (she/her)
Chemical Health Case Management Interns
Amanda Gates (she/her)
Veronica Sharkey (she/her)
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.