http://www.sojuzpatent.com/privacy-policy
We represent half of the 12 largest corporations in the Fortune Global 500 list
We represent half of the 10 leading global innovators (PCT
filers)
We represent 4 of the 10 holders of the world’s most valuable brands
MainAbout UsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policywww.sojuzpatent.com website administrator is obliged by law to maintain the confidentiality of your personal data. We pay great attention to securing the data you provided to us. Our privacy policy is based on the Russian Federal Law No. 152-FZ “On Personal Data” and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union. The purposes for which we collect your personal data are: improvement of our service, communication with visitors to this site, presenting the information requested by the user, providing services associated with the website’s specialization.Personal data storage and processingWe collect and process your personal data only with your consent. With your permission, we can collect and process the following data: name and surname, e-mail address, phone number. Collection and processing of your personal information is carried out in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation and in line with European Union regulations.Data storage, alteration, and removalThe user who has provided www.sojuzpatent.com with their personal data, has the right for their alteration and removal, as well as the right to recall the agreement to data processing. Personal data shall be kept for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed and thereafter be archived in accordance with our administrative and statutory retention period. After finishing with the processing of your personal data, the website’s administration will permanently delete it. To access your personal data, you can contact the administration at: info@sojuzpatent.com. We will be able to pass your data to a third party only with your consent.Processing of visiting technical dataRecords of your IP address, time of visit, browser settings, operational system and other technical information is saved in the database when you visit www.sojuzpatent.com. This data is necessary for the correct display of the website’s content. It is impossible to identify the person of the visitor using this data.Children’s personal informationIf you are a parent or a legal guardian of an underage child, and you know that the child has provided us with their personal information without your consent, please contact us at: info@sojuzpatent.com. It is forbidden to enter personal data of underage users without the agreement of parents or lawful guardians.Cookies processingWe use  cookie files for the correct display of the website’s content and for the convenience of browsing www.sojuzpatent.com. They are small files stored on your device. They contain surfing information, such as in which language you use the website and which pages on our site you have already opened. This information will be useful during the next visit. Thanks to cookie files, the website’s browsing becomes much more convenient. You can set up cookies reception and blocking in your browser yourself. Inability to receive cookie files may limit the functionality of the website.Processing of personal data by other personsThis website uses third-party online services, which perform data collecting, independent from us. As an exception, the collected data may be provided on a lawful request of state authorities that are authorized by law to request such information.Links to other websitesOur website www.sojuzpatent.com may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. We are not responsible for the content of these websites. We recommend you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of every website that you visit, if such policy exists.Changes to the privacy policyFrom time to time, our website www.sojuzpatent.com may update our privacy policy. We inform the webcite users about any changes to the privacy policy by placing the changes on this webpage. We are monitoring any changes in legislation related to personal data in European Union and Russia. If you have entered any of your personal data on our website, we will inform you about the changes in our privacy policy. If your personal data, and more specifically, your contact information was entered incorrectly, we will not be able to contact you.Feedback and final clausesYou can contact the administration of www.sojuzpatent.com regarding any questions related to privacy policy at: info@sojuzpatent.com, or by filling out the contact form specified in the corresponding section of this website. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you cannot use the services of www.sojuzpatent.com. In this case, you should avoid visiting our website.