http://www.cbo.gov/about/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy, Security, and Copyright Policies
What information does CBO collect and store automatically?
As you browse through our Web site, we automatically gather and store certain information about your visit. That information includes the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our site; the date and time of your visit; the type of browser and operating system you used; the pages you visited and the files you downloaded; and, if you linked to the CBO site from another website, the address of that site.
We use that information to help us make our site more useful to you, our visitors—to learn about the number of visitors to our site, what information we provide is of most interest, and the devices and browsers you use to access the site.
We also collect information to help keep our site secure and to ensure that this site remains available to all visitors. We use software programs to monitor network traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. Such unauthorized activities are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under law.
Except for the purposes already noted, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
How we use your personal information
CBO does not automatically collect and store personal information other than that described in the previous section. Some users do submit personal information voluntarily.
E-mail. If you contact CBO by email, we will use any personal information you provide to respond to your message and to help us ensure that you receive any information you have requested.
CBO e-mail notifications. Users may sign up to receive e-mail notifications about CBO publications. Any information you provide as part of that sign-up process is used only to notify you of documents in requested areas of interest, errata information issued in connection with those documents, or general website information such as planned downtime for maintenance.
Any information you provide to us electronically is not shared with any other organizations, nor is it used for any commercial marketing purposes. We will, however, honor appropriate legal process seeking such information.
How to subscribe and unsubscribe to our e-mail notifications
CBO's e-mail subscriptions are managed by FeedBlitz, which maintains a support center for subscribers. Users can subscribe to CBO's email notifications using the link found on the left-hand column of every page on the site. Users can unsubscribe to notifications from FeedBlitz by following the unsubscribe link at the end of each e-mail.
Copyright
The information and documents on our website are not copyrighted. CBO's products are created by our employees in the course of their employment at CBO and are therefore works of the government. Government documents are in the public domain and are not protected by copyright law. CBO's information and documents may be copied and distributed in their entirety without CBO permission, though we request that CBO be acknowledged as the source of the information. CBO's products and this website may contain copyrighted images or other material, however, and permission from the copyright holder may be necessary if you wish to reproduce this material separately. Also, the use of CBO's logo is protected and requires advance authorization.
Images of People
The use of a photograph containing the image of recognizable people appearing in a CBO product or on this website could infringe on an individual's right of privacy or publicity, and permission of the recognizable person or people may be necessary prior to your subsequent use of the image.
Linking to Our Site
You may link to CBO's website if you feel the information would be of use to visitors to your website. Although we make every effort to keep addresses constant, the addresses of specific documents may change over time. A link provided by a third-party entity to this website does not constitute any type of endorsement by CBO.
Links to Other Sites
CBO may link to other websites of the U.S. government and to certain international organizations in which the United States has membership. In addition, selected links to corporate sites may be included to give users access to software that will help them view the documents offered on CBO's site. CBO provides those links as a convenience to its visitors and tries to ensure that the links are current. If you find a link that does not work, please e-mail our Webmaster. The inclusion of a link on this website does not constitute an official endorsement, guarantee, or approval by CBO.