http://www.smplanet.com/terms
Small Planet Communications, Inc. + 15 Union Street, Lawrence, MA 01840 + (978) 794-2201 + Contact
HOME
TEACHING RESOURCES
Book Club
The Age of Imperialism
Colonial America
The Great Strike
Science for Middle School
The Solar System
Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9
The Civil War: Lesson Plan
Create Your Own Web Page
Links for Teachers
Links for Kids
Links and Information for Parents
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES
Content and Editorial
Design and Production
Digital and Technology
Clients
STORE
The Great Strike
Book Club: A Literature-Based Curriculum
Book Club Plus!
Book Club for Middle School
Book Club Student Reading Log
Book Club Video
Book Club Novel Guides
Book Club Online Novel Guides
PLANET BOOK CLUB
About
Common Core Standards
Methodology
Professional Development
Novels
Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome! When using the Web pages hosted by Small Planet Communications, you agree to the terms and conditions listed on this page, which may be updated by us from time to time.
Copyright and Disclaimer — The educational content posted on these pages by Small Planet Communications may be retrieved for your own personal or classroom use and may be downloaded to your own hard disk or sent to a printer solely for these purposes. You may not copy, modify, or distribute the contents of these pages without the express written permission of Small Planet Communications.
Certain pages provide users an opportunity to exchange ideas and information. These postings do not necessarily reflect the views of Small Planet Communications. While using these pages, you may not post, transmit, or otherwise distribute any material that may be unlawful, obscene, defamatory, or damaging to software or hardware.
You may access other sites on the Internet through these pages. This service is provided to you as a convenience by Small Planet Communications. Your use of third-party web sites is subject to the Terms and Conditions of use for such sites. Small Planet Communications is not responsible for the content found on other Web sites that are linked to www.smplanet.com or www.planetbookclub.com
Privacy Policy — Small Planet Communications does not collect or store personal information on its Web site visitors. However, any personal information—such as your name or e-mail address—that you voluntarily disclose in our discussion forums may be accessible to other users and disclosed to others. Small Planet Communications cannot take responsibility for such collection or disclosure. In addition, Small Planet does not use "cookies" except when users are conducting online purchases. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored in a designated file on your computer. Small Planet Communications uses cookies only for the purpose of holding information for an online purchase (for example, to hold buyer information for short-term storage while items are in a "shopping basket").
No Personal Information Collected from Children — Small Planet Communications is in full compliance with "Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Our policy is to not collect personal information from children, meaning those under 18 years of age, through our websites. These websites contain resources for teachers with information, lesson plans, and classroom activities for students and families, but these activities do not involve the online collection of personal information from children.
Security Policy — This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We have a secure ordering process and a secure certificate, which is registered with MivaMerchant, and all of your personal information is encrypted when being sent and received. Our internal network is placed behind a secure firewall with very limited access to any outside channels.
Returns Policy — Effective 12/10/09 all sales are final. Purchases are NOT refundable. We will replace any book that is damaged in transit. We use USPS Media Mail for shipments. If you have any questions regarding an order or to inquire about special orders call 1-800-475-9486 or email us.
For additions or corrections to this site, please e-mail Small Planet Communications, Inc.
© 2020 Small Planet Communications, Inc. + Terms/Conditions + 15 Union Street, Lawrence, MA 01840 + (978) 794-2201 + planet@smplanet.com