https://www.liveabout.com/help-my-partner-is-in-the-closet-2171078
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Love and Romance
LGBTQ
Relationships
Sexuality
Divorce
Teens
Friendship
By
Kathy Belge
Syracuse University
Kathy Belge is a writer and coauthor of Lipstick & Dipstick’s Essential Guide to Lesbian Relationships and Queer: The Ultimate LGBT Guide for Teens.
our editorial process
Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter
LinkedIn
LinkedIn
Kathy Belge
Updated July 14, 2017
I have been with my current girlfriend for the last year. We've been best friends for three years. I have always been comfortable with my sexuality, and been pretty open about it. On the other hand, she's from an EXTREMELY religious family, and I am only her second girlfriend. (She's almost gotten married before, and regularly dated men.) We've been living together for the last six months, but I'm her "roommate". I want take our relationship to the next level, we've discussed it and agreed, but I can't be okay with it if I'm just going to be a little secret locked up in her closet. What do I do? I love her deeply, but don't know if I can go on much longer with out being able to even look at her with love without her getting upset at me. Please help, I need some advice.
Dear Secret Lover
Of course you understand there are a lot of reasons for this. Besides the messages we get from our families and our churches, it also takes us some time to truly accept ourselves as a lesbians. Our culture does not show us many examples of happy/healthy lesbian relationships.
What can you do as her partner?
Second try to have a discussion with her about it. Let her know why it is important for you that she acknowledge your relationship. What does taking your relationship to the next level mean for both of you? A ceremony? Getting a domestic partnership registration? Either of these are very public events and she should know that doing either of those does, in fact, out her.
Third help her take the steps necessary to come out. Like I would advise anyone, come out to someone you know is going to be supportive first. Let her have a good experience, something positive to carry her through the potentially difficult conversations she will have with her family.
Fourth, never “out” her without her permission. You have every right to be out and proud in your own life and you shouldn’t have to hide who you are to your family and friends, but don’t out her to her work, family or friends.
Fifth, be a role model for her. Show her how freeing and great life can be when you are an out and proud lesbian. Introduce her to your friends, especially other lesbian couples. If you know someone who had a hard time with their family, all the better. She can learn from that person’s experience. I have never once ever heard anyone say they wished they had stayed in the closet. But it is a safe place to be--albeit for a short amount of time while you figure things out.
Finally, let her know that if she is to take her relationship with you seriously, this is something she is going to have to deal with. Perhaps she would benefit from counseling. Perhaps your relationship will benefit if you seek couple’s counseling. If you are planning on having a commitment ceremony, pre-marital counseling might be a good idea. I have some lesbian friends who insist that it really helped them get into the state of mind enter into their marriage and helped them resolved a few nagging issues that they had. Since this is a big nagging issue for you, it’s best that it’s dealt with before you “take it to the next level.”
How to Be a Good Girlfriend
How Do I Ask a Girl Out?
Top Ten Ways to Stay Close to Your Daughter as She Grows Up
How to Know When It's Time to Break-Up
How to Handle the Friend That Always Cancels
What to say to the cute person you don't know
Distressed Dad - Repulsed by Daughter Coming out as Lesbian
50 Ways to Help a Single Parent
Is there Any Hope of Getting Back with an Ex?
Guys, Listen Up: What Girls Really Want
5 Things a Father Should Tell His Daughter About Dating
Should I Write My Friend a Letter to Let Them Know I'm Mad at Them?
When You Don't Want to Reconnect With an Old Friend
When Your Parents Hate the One You Love
Your First Time Alone with the Baby
Kara's Sad Adoption Reunion Story