https://www.indianastrology.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Consult / Talk
Horoscope
Personal Horoscopes
Numerology Horoscopes
Matching Horoscopes
Lal Kitab Horoscopes
Varshphal Horoscopes
Premium Horoscopes
Specific Horoscopes
Personal Horoscope Comparison
Matching Comparison
Lal Kitab Comparison
Varshphal Comparison
Pujas
Festival
Navratri Pujan
Power & Divine Protection
Pitru Paksha
View All Pujas
Software
LeoStar for Windows
LeoTouch for Android Mobile
Leo Forecast
Horoscope API
Products
Yantra
Rudraksha
Gems
Locket
Fengshui
Brass
Mercury
Crystal
Books
DVDs
Rashifal
Learn
Astrology
Palmistry
Numerology
Vastu
Free Services
Free Horoscope
Festivals
Fast
Panchang
Muhurat
Mantra
Astrology Games
Apps
Leo Star Kundli App
Astrologer
AIFAS Board
Astrologer List
Dashboard
Articles
Privacy PolicyOur privacy policy and practices are detailed below. Please read them thoroughly.
We make two pledges to you:
We will not release personally identifiable information about you without your permission (except as needed to provide to you the services you have expressly requested).
You can tell us what your privacy questions and concerns are so that we can respond. We constantly improve the tools you can use to manage the data that you provide to us. Please refer to this page from time to time to see these new features.
Helpful Definitions
Personally identifiable information is information, like your name, birth date, e-mail address or mailing address, that can be used to uniquely identify you.
We will not share any anonymous information about the use of our site with third parties if we know that this information will be linked with your personally identifiable information obtained from another source, unless you have given us permission.
Anonymous information is not personally identifiable information. Anonymous information is information about how you use our site (such as sites you visit and searches you do). Anonymous information also includes the domain names and/or I.P. addresses (as explained below) of internet browsers that visit our site, the time of day the site was visited, and other non-personal information. Anonymous information is information that is not tied to any person who is not registered as a IndianAstrology.com member, but helps us know who what our users do (for example, the average stay on the IndianAstrology.com Page lasts over 10 minutes).
Collection and Use of Personally Identifiable Information Registration
We want to assure you that you can visit our site and use many of our services without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself to us. It is only when you register to become a IndianAstrology.com member that will you be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information.
When you register with us, you need to complete certain fields (some are required and some are optional), as well as pick a first name and password. For example, we ask for information so we can contact you (like your first and last name, email address, and physical address). We use this information to tell you about new features and services available on our site.
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties
We will not share your personally identifiable information unless you have authorized us to share it. Customers querying the database can reach for and find details from the online directory. They are then provided with details about you so as to enable them to reach you. They can use this information (sometimes, with other information they have about you)
Use of IP Addresses
An Internet protocol (I.P.) address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log on to your internet service provider or through your company's local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN). Web servers, the powerful computers that provide web pages for viewing, automatically identify your computer by the IP address assigned to it during your session online.
We may collect I.P. addresses for some purposes (for example, to report anonymous user information to our advertisers and to audit the use of our site). We do not ordinarily link a user's I.P. address to a person's personal information, which means we will have a record of each user's session but the user remains anonymous to us. We will use I.P. addresses to identify users of our site when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our site's terms of use or to protect our service, site, or other users.
Security
We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us. For example, we impose strict rules on our employees who have access either to the databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
If you have questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this site, please Contact Us.
Future Point Pvt. Ltd. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted to this page, and we will make necessary efforts to notify you of any significant changes to this privacy policy.