http://www.policeoracle.com/news/criminal_justice/2020/Sep/24/-retention-of-data-after-prevent-referral-breached-right-to-privacy_105787.html
Home
News
Analysis
Promotion
Legal
CPD
Technology
Jobs
Forums
Search
Logged Out
Interested in advertising on Police Oracle? Click here for more information
Headlines
GMP given six months to improve after failing to record 80,000 crimes - England's second-biggest force has been given six months by Inspectors to improve after failing to record 80,000 crime incidents.
ICO produces toolkit for use of data analytics to aid compliance - The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) has urged forces to build in data protection from the start of data analytics projects.
Weapons amnesty begins in bid to tackle violent crime - A nation-wide weapons amnesty is being launched in a bid to reduce violence crime.
PM backs Bailey's pledge to re-open stations closed under Khan - Prime Minister Boris Johnson has thrown his support behind Conservative London Mayor Candidate Shaun Bailey and his pledge to re-open 38 front counters.
Retention of data after Prevent referral breached right to privacy
Force kept boy's details on 10 separate databases despite closing case after visit.
Date - 24th September 2020
By - Police Oracle
A court has ruled that the retention of data by the Met on a boy who was referred to the Prevent programme was a breach of his right to privacy and the Data Protection Act.
The boy – known only as II – was 11 when a tutor raised...
Do you have an interesting news story? Contact the newsdesk on 0203 119 3303or alternatively get in touch via the contact form.
And also...
GMP given six months to improve after failing to record 80,000 crimes
England's second-biggest force has been given six months by Inspectors to improve after failing to record 80,000 crime incidents. ICO produces toolkit for use of data analytics to aid compliance Weapons amnesty begins in bid to tackle violent crime Latest headlines »
Features
Advertorial: Why 2020 has been the year of digital transformation
If there was ever a time for the digital transformation of policing and criminal justice, it is now. Will the covid crisis transform local public services? Viewpoint: a day out with the COVID-19 deniers More features »
Off Beat
House where Hitler was born to become police precinct
Austrian Interior Ministry says police use of building will end Nazi association. Computer hacker Assange slams prison IT No laughing matter for police despite 'rebellion' sending in the clown More off beat »
Sign in to your account
Keep melogged in
Register now or Reset Password
Free Police Oracle Newsletter
Subscribe
Popular Stories from the last week
Novichok victim DS Nick Bailey 'still fighting for part of his pension' (10 Comments) PM backs Bailey's pledge to re-open stations closed under Khan (10/12/20) RUI changes 'unacceptable' and rushed say Inspectorates (08/12/20)
Read the Week in Review »
Latest Videos
Met Police tactical stop of criminal riding a scooter Reflections on 25th anniversary of Bishopsgate bomb Cumbria Police officers ram tyres off the M6
Watch more videos »
Upcoming Events
More from the police calendar »
Police Oracle Marketplace
TASER International
See more »
Advertise your offer or business »
Subscribe for just £29 a year
Get access to exclusive news and features from a policing perspective. With 50 articles a week, covering all facets of law enforcement, stay informed on the latest issues facing the community. From an independently run, award winning, editorial team.
More information
Subscribe now ›
Already a subscriber?
Email address
Password
Reset password
Close this window
*** Include a contact email address if you want a response *** Please tell us about the problem you are having...
You will also be sending us basic usage details to help us fix this problem.See your usage details
Details about your sessionJavascript: not enabled.
Submit my Problem
Please tell us about your problem before you click submit.
Thank you for flagging this problem, we very much appreciate your time and helping us improve the site.
Police Oracle has had an update!
The home page and news section has been completely redesigned with new areas such as The Week in Review, which shows all the top news from the last seven days and the Features and Exclusives area showing all our in depth articles in one place.
If you have any issues with the new update (or have any suggestions), then please use the flag a problem button.
© 2000 - 2020
Cookie Notice
Privacy Notice
Individual Rights
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact
About
Terms
RSS
Other sites part of the Police Oracle Network: Police-Information.co.uk - How to join the Police - UKPoliceOnline.co.uk - Police Forum - PoliceSpecials.com - Become a Police Special
More information: By using this site and its services you are agreeing to the terms of use. Police Oracle is not responsible for the content of external sites. The comments expressed on this site are not always the views of Police Oracle (Part of the Redsnapper Group) and its staff. - Text News Archive - Site Map: Site map