http://www.odins-gift.com/wichtig/navigation/termsofuse.htm
Home
Poems: My Own
Poems: By others
Poems: Classical
Poems: Multilingual
Music & Songs
Stories & Myths
Links to Poetry
About & FAQ
Terms of
Use
Contact, Site Notice
Submissions
The Latest
Terms of Use
Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen
Odin's Gift is a private, educational, non-commercial website. By continuing to
access it you agree to the following Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy
Service
All content and information
here is offered on an “as-is” and “as available” basis, without any claims or
warranties
e.g. to continued
accessibility, completeness, or factual correctness. Information offered is
checked diligently, but no scholarship is claimed.
While the site has never been offline since 2004,
no guarantee can be made that the site or any specific content is available at any point in time.
Copyright
It is a common misunderstanding that anything which can be found online is free
to use for anyone however they like.
This is not the case.
Displayed works, including text, graphics, soundfiles, and sheet music, are the
sole property of and copyrighted by their respective authors, all rights
reserved.
No distribution, sharing or use of any kind is allowed without their prior
written consent, whether offline or online, including on social media e.g. FaceBook.
The respective national laws concerning copyright resp. author's rights, as well
as current legislation apply.
Exception: Some authors,
including myself, allow the use of some, or all, of their works on this site
under certain conditions and terms,
usually stated below the work in form of a license, e.g. a Creative
Commons License. As long as you fulfill the stated conditions,
you may use these works in the manner and scope indicated by the license without
personally obtaining the author's permission.
If you want the scope of a license to be widened for you, you do have to ask the
author first.
Some licenses on this site are handcrafted and worded by the authors
themselves. These often date from a time when the immensely useful
Creative Commons Licenses were not yet as well-known and ubiquitous as today.
If in doubt about the terms, ask the author, or ask me and I'll try to assist.
It may be that a poem's or song's text is licensed, but the related audio file
or sheet music is not. The responsibility to check is yours.
If you are interested in using a work that is not under a license, feel free to
directly seek contact to the respective author for permission.
I can try to help you with that - but only insofar as I myself am still able to
reach them. My last contact with them may have been over a decade
ago,
and over time many people have changed their mail addresses, pen names, or
real names; personal websites and blogs disappear.
If you want to point people to
a specific work you like, the way to go is to set or share a weblink directly to
the subpage with the poem on it ("deep link").
To be legally on the safe side, you might want to make sure that the link
preview or thumbnail does not include copyrighted material.
Most authors will be very happy
to hear you enjoy their work enough to use or share it, so consider dropping them a note
:-)!
All content not attributed otherwise is created by me.
Links to other
Websites / Disclaimer
Outgoing links to third party sites are offered for artistical, educational and
research purposes, resp. to authors' personal or favored pages as a courtesy.
Though some links lead to purchasable goods or services pertaining to the site's
topic, e.g. books in print,
no revenue from this is generated for this site, or received by me.
The only exception is the weblink to my own album, which is however sold from a
different site. No, I'm not a millionaire (yet).
No goods or services are sold from this URL.
No paid ads are displayed.
Odin's Gift does not own or control linked third-party
sites or services, and specifically has no control over, and assumes no
responsibility for,
their content, accuracy of
information, privacy policies, data protection,
safety or legality. (I avoid sites
with paid ads, but these spread like the plague.)
The links and these sites
have been checked with greatest possible care for safety and legality at the time I linked them. I
recheck them in intervals but cannot do so continously.
Please follow outgoing links, and use other sites, at your own discretion,
responsibility and risk. They should open in a separate browser window.
At this time, outgoing links are not visually marked as such. This will be
redressed after migrating to Joomla. A mouse-over will show the external URLs.
Internal and external links may also open the following: PDF, MP3, Midi, Ogg,
and rarely an email address.
If you find any objectionable links, please let me know. If I become aware of
any infringements, I will remove such links forthwith.
The only linked sites for which I have a (shared) ownership, control and
responsibility, are www.skaldenmet.com
and www.asatruringfrankfurt.de .
Haftungsausschluß (German)
Dieses Angebot enthält Links zu externen Internetseiten Dritter, auf deren
Inhalte und Datenschutz ich keinen Einfluss habe.
Deshalb kann ich für diese fremden Inhalte auch keine Gewähr übernehmen.
Für die Inhalte der verlinkten Seiten ist stets der jeweilige Anbieter
beziehungsweise Betreiber der Seiten verantwortlich.
Die verlinkten Seiten wurden zum Zeitpunkt der Verlinkung auf mögliche
Rechtsverstöße überprüft.
Rechtswidrige Inhalte waren zum Zeitpunkt der Verlinkung nicht erkennbar.
Eine permanente inhaltliche Kontrolle der verlinkten Seiten ist jedoch ohne
konkrete Anhaltspunkte
einer Rechtsverletzung für mich nicht zumutbar. Werden mir Rechtsverletzungen
bekannt, werde ich derartige Links umgehend entfernen.
*************************
Image:
Licensed, copyright
argus456/123RF