http://www.memphisdailynews.com/About.aspx#privacy
» Subscribe
Today!
More of what you want to know.
Home |
News & Editorial |
West TN News |
Public Notices |
Public Records
Help |
Your Account |
Contact Us |
Log In | Subscribe
X
User Name:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Keep me logged in
NAME & PROPERTY SEARCH
»
Research millions of people and
properties [+]
Name
Property
CUSTOM LIST BUILDER
»
Build a downloadable list
of prospects that meet your criteria
WATCH SERVICE »
Monitor any person, property or
company [+]
Name
Property
Name:
Send Results to This Email:
Street Address:
Send Results to This Email:
DATA DIRECT »
Get valuable lists emailed directly
to you
NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT »
Keep an eye on trends and events
near you [+]
Street Address:
CRIME REPORT »
Up-to-date reports of crimes near
you [+]
Street Address:
Public Records
Thursday, Dec 10 2020
Wednesday, Dec 09 2020
Tuesday, Dec 08 2020
Monday, Dec 07 2020
Sunday, Dec 06 2020
Forward
|
Back
Go to date:
Search Records:
Public Notices
Thursday, Dec 10 2020
Wednesday, Dec 09 2020
Tuesday, Dec 08 2020
Monday, Dec 07 2020
Sunday, Dec 06 2020
Forward
|
Back
Go to date:
Search Notices:
Contact Us | About Us |
Our Services | Our Data |
Privacy
About The Daily News
Since its beginnings in 1886 as The Daily Abstract of Transfers, The Daily News has served a vital role in the Memphis metro area as the source for daily news and information on business and commerce -- information available nowhere else.
Published Tuesday thru Friday, The Daily News offers the most comprehensive information on construction, real estate, the courts, and local business activity, all drawn each day from public records. This data includes lawsuits, court actions, business licenses, tax liens, marriage licenses, corporate charters, building permits, deeds, foreclosures, bankruptcies, new utility connections, and more.
We are qualified to run public notices (also known as legal notices), such as foreclosure notices, bid notices, and more in the following counties in Tennessee:
Shelby (The Daily News)
Madison, Tipton, Fayette, and Shelby (West TN News)
Davidson, Williamson, Sumner, Wilson, Rutherford, Robertson, Maury, Montgomery, Dickson & Cheatham (The Ledger - Nashville Edition)
Knox, Anderson, Blount, Campbell, Claybore, Cocke, Cumberland, Hamblem, Jefferson, Loudon, Monroe, Morgan, Roane, Scott, Sevier, & Union (The Ledger - Knoxville Edition)
Hamilton  (Hamilton County Herald)
Print Subscriptionsprintcustomerservice@memphisdailynews.com - 901-528-8624
Public NoticesDon Fancher - dfancher@memphisdailynews.com - 901-528-5283
Billing & Customer ServiceOnlineCustomerService@memphisdailynews.com - 901-523-1561
Mailing address193 Jefferson Ave.Memphis, TN 38103Tel: 901-523-1561Fax: 901-526-5813
For more information, email us at OnlineCustomerService@memphisdailynews.com
The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. Privacy Statement
What personal information is collected from customers as part of the registration process? The Daily News collects the domain name of e-mail addresses (when possible) of users who access our website; the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via-email; aggregate information regarding which pages consumers access or visit; and information volunteered by the consumer such as survey information, requests for information and/or site registrations.
What personal information is collected about the individuals included in our searchable public record databases? Personally identifiable information is gathered from public records provided by state, county and municipal governments. This information may include name, date of birth, race, sex, social security numbers, addresses and criminal record information.
How is customer information used and with whom is it shared? Personal information collected from our customers is used to improve the content of our web site; to notify consumers about updates to the web site; and to notify users about problems with their request. The information is not shared with other companies or organizations for commercial purposes; except when qualified customers use public records information for employment screening, tenant screening, collections of business and consumer debt, research in business transactions, insurance purposes and other legitimate purposes as described in the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
What choices are available to users regarding the collection, use and distribution of the public record and how can inaccuracies corrected? Customer service procedures are in place to accept and promptly resolve phone, email or written requests to correct or delete inaccurate information. Customer service phone numbers and email addresses are available on the web site.
If you do not want to receive future emails from The Daily News, please notify us via email or by written request mailed to 193 Jefferson, Memphis, TN 38103. Note: We do not make the email addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations or companies.
If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic notices from The Daily News regarding information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive these mailings, please notify us via email or by written request mailed to 193 Jefferson, Memphis, TN 38103. Be sure to include your exact name and postal address to ensure your name is removed from future mailings.
If you provide us with your telephone and/or fax number, you may receive telephone or fax contact from The Daily News regarding problems your account or requests for information. Please provide correct phone number and fax information so we can contact you in the event there is a problem with your account. If our privacy practices change in the future, the information will be posted on our website.
What security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of personal information under the control of The Daily News? The Daily News values your business and is committed to taking every possible measure to make our online process 100 percent secure. We house all our records in a secured facility and have the latest firewall appliances protecting our computers from unauthorized intrusion. Using secure credit card processing technology provided by Authorize.Net, in addition to special security features built into popular browser software, The Daily News provides you with advanced online security. When our servers submit charges to your credit card over the Internet, your credit card information is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol, through industry-leading VeriSign, which uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free to phone, fax, or mail your information to us. For telephone support or assistance, please call 901-523-1561. Our fax number for orders is 901-526-5813.
For more information, email us at OnlineCustomerService@memphisdailynews.com
Follow @memphisdaily
RECORD TOTALS
DAY
WEEK
YEAR
PROPERTY SALES
87
376
20,244
MORTGAGES
90
446
21,379
FORECLOSURE NOTICES
7
16
1,171
BUILDING PERMITS
0
208
37,877
BANKRUPTCIES
21
104
12,134
BUSINESS LICENSES
18
51
5,744
UTILITY CONNECTIONS
0
0
886
MARRIAGE LICENSES
0
0
0
Account Info
Log In
Your Account
Create an Account
Subscribe
Subscribe to The Daily
News
Upgrade Your Subscription
About
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Help
Help
Customer Service
MemphisDailyNews.com
Home Page
Mobile Site
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Feed
Our Services
Public Notices
Public Records
Name & Property Research
Data Direct
Watch Service
Custom List Builder
Crime Reports
Neighborhood Reports
Copyright 1995 -
2020
by The Daily News Publishing Co. Inc. - All Rights Reserved