http://www.stmaryanglican.org/smtv/privacy
St. Mary the Virgin
Anglican Catholic Parish
In the historic Pioneer Church
Oakwood Memorial Park
22601 Lassen Street(click for directions)
Chatsworth, California 91311
(747) 755-8498
The Right Reverend Anthony F. RaschBishop Ordinary, Diocese of the Pacific and Southwest
Privacy Statement
StMaryAnglican.Org does not resell or otherwise redistribute your personal information, including e-mail addresses or passwords. Other sites linked from this site may have substantially different policies. StMaryAnglican.Org is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any linked website. You are urged to review the privacy statements of any website you visit.
StMaryAnglican.Org will never ask you for credit card information, social security numbers, or any other sensitive data.
As part of normal website operations, connection information including the domains from which this website is accessed is logged and used for web trending and statistics. This information is not tied to a particular user or account.
At no time, unless required by law or a user specifically authorizes such disclosure, will this site divulge any individual information that is not publically available to third parties. While reasonable methods are employed to secure personal data, there may be factors beyond our control that result in compromise of user information. StMaryAnglican.Org therefore disclaims any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of private information.
Home
Sign our Guestbook
Follow us on:
MySpace
Facebook
Twitter
Events
InformationAbout Us
Our Rector
Photo Album
Privacy Statement
Event Calendar
The Pioneer Church
The Creeds of the Church
The Sacraments of the Church
Holy Communion
Recorded Services
Sermons
2020 Trinity X – Deeds and Words
2020 Trinity XI – As I Have Forgiven Others!
2020 Trinity XIII – Please won’t you be my neighbor?
2012 Lent I
2012 Sexagesima
2012 Epiphany III
Sermon Archives
What Is a Patronal Feast?
Collected Prayers
Education Ministry
Study Group
Sunday School
Marketplace
Related Sites
Cascade Catholic Missions
Chatsworth Historical Society
Holy Catholic Church-Western Rite
Mission of St. John the Divine
St. Luke’s, La Verne
St. Thomas a Becket
Resources
Anglican Missal Propers
Offices Online
Online BCP 1928
Online KJV
Online Ordo Calendar
News Archives
Site design and layout by Latenight Multimedia. Any site issues, please contact our webmaster
St. Mary the Virgin Anglican Catholic Parish is proudly powered by
WordPress
Entries (RSS)
and Comments (RSS).