https://www.globalcare.org/cookies-policy/
I want to help As stated in our privacy policy, Global Care is committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold about you.
This policy provides detailed information on how we use cookies across our website.
about us
types of cookies we use on our website
cookies we use
third party cookies
changes to our cookies policy
About us
Global Care is a UK charity that is passionate about making a difference to vulnerable children worldwide.
This policy applies to our website. A list of the specific cookies we use is provided below.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed onto your device when you visit a website.
They are widely used to enhance the user experience, optimise the performance of websites, save options chosen by visitors, provide website owners with information about how their websites are being used and offer goods and services to users.
This allows website operators to identify areas for improvement, offer personalised and secure services and develop our websites effectively.
Do I have to agree to cookies?
Most web browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you do not have to accept any cookies deployed to your device.
If you wish to control the cookies that are placed on your device, you should be able to customise the settings of your web browser (Chrome, Safari, Edge Firefox, etc.) and adjust your cookie settings yourself.
Please note that if you disable some or all of the cookies, you may find that our website doesn’t function correctly. This includes features such as secure log-in and sign-up options.
We keep this policy under regular review.
Back to menu
Types of Cookies Used on Our Website
Cookies which are necessary to run our website
Some cookies are essential for the effective operation of our website.
These cookies perform functions like:
Allowing you to add items to your shopping basket
Remembering that you are logged in to our website
Other cookies
We may set cookies that are not essential for our website to run. These cookies perform functions like:
Remembering that you have visited our website previously
Providing us with anonymised usage information, for example about which pages are viewed, how often and on which kinds of devices
Third party cookies
In keeping with many other organisations, we work with several trusted third parties to deliver content and/or functionality on our website. These third parties may set cookies on your device unless you disable them.
Back to menu
Cookies We Use
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage – we use Google Analytics to collect anonymised data about user activity on our website
https://docs.woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-cookies/ – these cookies are used to maintain session relating to donations
https://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Cookies – these cookies are used to maintain logins
Back to menu
Third Party Cookies
When you use our website, you may find that additional cookies are set by websites that we do not operate. These cookies are set by third parties, and are used by them for a variety of functions.
For example, cookies will be set when you access and use pages that contain content from YouTube, Vimeo, Flickr, Facebook, Google or other third parties.
The cookies that are used by these third parties will vary from time to time without our knowledge.
As far as we are able, we have provided details below of the companies we use and links to their privacy and cookies policies.
Service
Information
Where to go for more
Google & YouTube
Used for managing videos and maps on our website
Types of cookies used by Google
PayPal
We use PayPal to collect payments on our website
PayPal cookies policy
GoCardless
We use GoCardless to collect payments on our website
GoCardless privacy policy
Facebook
Cookies to manage embedded Facebook content
Facebook cookies policy
Back to menu
Changes to the Cookie Policy
We keep this policy under regular review. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, we will make this clear on our website or by contacting you directly.
Details of the sections of the policy that have been changed will be noted here.
You do not have to agree to any changes if these are not compatible with the initial purposes for which you provided or we collected your data.
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of 12th April 2018.
Back to menu