http://www.southernohiosynod.org/policy
Menu
About
Governance
Our Territory
Vision & Mission
Congregations
Rostered Ministers
Coaching
Reports & Forms
Congregational Vacancies
COVID-19 Resources
New to Synod Information
Preaching Resources
Publishing House Resources
Rostered Minister Mobility
Rostered Minister Obituaries
Subscriptions & Memberships
Vibrant Church Conference
Worship Resources
Stewardship
Prayers
Contact
Bishop & Bishop's Office Staff
Invite Bishop Dillahunt to Preach/Preside at Your Congregation's Worship Service
Terms and Conditions, Returns/Cancellations, and Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
All sales run through the Southern Ohio Synod are for non-tangible goods (membership dues, synod registrations, etc.) and are subject to the policies below.
Returns/Cancellations
Customer must contact the Southern Ohio Synod by phone at 614-464-3532 or e-mail at sbarton-nonno@southernohiosynod.org regarding the nature of the refund request. If approved, refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at time of initial payment within 30 business days.
Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when visiting our site. We will not sell any personally identifiable information to anyone.
Clarify
Click to rotate
Clarify
The ELCA confesses the Triune God — Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. We proclaim Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior.
more information
Collaborate
Click to rotate
Collaborate
We leverage the wisdom and gifts of all in our synod, including our partners and affiliates, to bring God’s creative and redeeming Word to the world.
more information
Cultivate
Click to rotate
Cultivate
We believe when a synod operates as a platform for connections that empower mission, the baptized are released to join Jesus in the restoration of the world.
more information
Donate
Click to rotate
Donate
Everything we have comes from God. We are caretakers of God’s resources, which he has blessed us with to meet our needs and to allow us to partner with him in meeting the needs of others.
more information
©2020 Southern Ohio Synod. All rights reserved.
9200 Worthington Rd, Suite 140 | Westerville, Ohio 43082
ph: (614) 714-3157
Terms and Conditions, Returns/Cancellations, and Privacy Policy