http://www.acem.com/privacy_policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Acem website. By visiting our websites and attending our courses, you agree to our processing your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy below.
Data Controller for personal data in Acem is the association in each country where courses are held. In Norway, the association Acem is the data controller.
The purpose of collecting personal data is to arrange courses and events as well as to inform about the publication of books, audio material and articles on Acem's websites.
All collection and use of data in Acem and Acem's websites is based on the consent of Acem's users.
Acem collects data about the individual user in order to arrange courses: name, address, e-mail, telephone number, birth year and transaction history within Acem (including which courses a person has attended). The information is shared with Acem by the individual user, and the user’s transaction history accumulates over time when the individual participates in different courses in Acem. Acem does not store payment details such as credit card number etc, but uses certified suppliers for this purpose. Acem does not use cookies or automated processing of personal information, but we collect anonymous and aggregated data about the use of our websites in order to improve these.
Handing over data to Acem is voluntary, but we cannot offer courses or send products without the individual’s contact details.
Acem does not sell data to third parties for marketing or other purposes. We arrange courses with partners, and in this context we exchange information about the individual participants. For each course where this is the case it will be stated who we are partnering with.
Data about the individual is stored in Acem's archive systems and support systems used for newsletters. All newsletters contain links that can be used to request to be deleted from mailing lists. Furthermore, Acem will, upon request, update and delete personal information kept in our systems.
Acem's data is stored on secured servers operated by professional suppliers.
For questions or inquiries, please send an e-mail to acem@acem.no.
This policy was last updated June 2nd 2018.
Postal address
Box 2559 Solli, NO-0202 Oslo, Norway
Phone +47 23 11 87 00 (10 - 15 CET)
Email contact form
DonationsPrivacy policy
User
Login / Register
| Shopping basket
Acem worldwide
Select Country
Acem International
Denmark
France
Germany
India
Italy
Lithuania
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
United Kingdom
USA