http://www.ccvonline.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Error
Privacy Policy
Mobile App
Navigate
Privacy Policy
Mobile App
×
Donate to a Mission Trip
NOTE: This is for donations only. Trip attendees click here.
Mission Trip Donations Disclaimer
In accordance of tax laws that prohibit donations designated to an individual, funds raised to support individuals for mission trips will go into a pool to support the entire mission trip and its participants. Individual support will be tracked internally to determine the effectiveness of the individual's ability to raise support. Christ's Church of the Valley must have full control of the donated funds and discretion as to their use in order for your donation to be tax deductible.
I have read the Mission Trip Donations Disclaimer
Trip / Individual's Name
Privacy Policy
Last Updated May 4th, 2020
Your privacy is important to Christ's Church of the Valley!
CCV sees the Internet as an important tool in fulfilling our mission of WINNING people to Christ, TRAINING believers to become disciples and SENDING disciples to impact the world. When you are visiting our website, we collect various types of information to improve your interaction with the site and to track your usage patterns so that we can improve the site in the future. Examples of the types of data we capture are:
Viewing Patterns
Browser Software and Version
Operating System
IP address
Search Engine Keywords
Personally identifiable information that you provide to us
In order to track your viewing patterns and provide you with a customized website, we place a "cookie" on your computer that allows us to recognize you when you visit certain parts of our site.
How We Use This Information
We may use the Personal Information and non-personal information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill your requests for products and services; (2) to assist CCV in serving you related to a certain ministry service in which you or your child participates; (3) to organize volunteers for particular ministry purposes; (4) to contact you when necessary; (5) to review and analyze Site usage and operations; (6) to address problems with the Site, our ministry, or our products and services; and (7) to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our ministry; and (8) to provide you with targeted offers and advertising on the Site.
We may disclose your information to companies that provide services for us, to related or affiliated entities or to other sister churches for church purposes, but we will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to commercial entities.
While CCV will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to commercial entities, we may provide your information to third parties with whom we have a relationship to offer you targeted information about events, advertisements and/or services we believe may be of interest to you.
Why Do We Collect This Information
The data that we capture from our website will in no way be sold to any third party. Access to personal information within the church is closely monitored and available on a need to know basis only.
The collected data is used in two ways:
Aggregate Information: All data that we collect regarding your usage of the site is summarized (aggregated) into reports to help us improve the site. We in no way use the data to track your personal usage of the site. The only exception to this is the use of login statistics in our involvement ministry area. This only applies to members who have a user name and password.
Personal Information: All personal data that you provide through the site (i.e. volunteer sign-ups, class registration) will be used only for its intended purpose.
Security
The security of the information that you provide is very important to us. Hence, we have taken several measures to protect your information. All transactions involving sensitive information, such as your credit/debit card number, are conducted using a SSL (Secure Socket Layer protocol) connection (for more on SSL). This connection provides increased security to the information as it is transmitted to our website. We will only use your credit/debit card number for the processing of our payment. Other sensitive information that we may collect will not be disclosed to third parties unless we are required to do so by law.
Links to Other Sites
CCV provides links to other sites that are neither owned nor controlled by CCV. These third party sites, however, are not subject to or bound by the CCV Privacy Policy. Such third party sites may or may not have their own privacy policies and may or may not collect personal information from you or place cookies on your browser. CCV is not responsible for the privacy policies or any information collection practices of these sites or any damages resulting therefrom.
CCV does use other vendors to enhance the sites capabilities. Below are links to the privacy statements of these vendors.
Payflow Pro: Payflow Pro is used to process credit card transaction for our on-line giving, registrations and purchases. More information can be found on the Paypal web site.
Choice
This website uses cookies to be able to identify you when you return to our website. If you do not allow cookies to be placed on your computer, this website may not function properly. However, you may prevent the placement of a cookie on your computer by setting the Preferences or Internet Options of your browser to reject cookies.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We will post any substantive changes in this privacy policy at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect. Any information collected under this current policy will remain bound by the terms of this privacy policy. After the changes take effect, all new information collected, if any, will be subject to the revised privacy policy.
Retraction of Consent
You may retract your consent to this privacy policy at any time by contacting us at the link below.
Use our Contact Us form to submit a request.
Right to rectification
You may contact us at any time to address any of the following concerns regarding your data:
Obtain a copy of all your data
Delete all data concerning you
Correct / rectify any incomplete data
Use our Contact Us form to submit a request for any or all of the above.
Minors under 13
CCV does not intentionally directly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
In certain cases, such as event registration or admission into our children's ministry, parents or legal guardians may be asked for identifiable information about their children.
At any time, a copy of this data may be obtained or removed by submitting a request to our Contact Us form.
Use our Contact Us form to request a copy, changes or the removal of information of minors under 13.
Contact
If you have questions about this policy or feel that we have acted in violation of this policy, please email us at info@ccv.church or write:
Christ's Church of the Valley
7007 W. Happy Valley Rd
Peoria, AZ 85383
(623) 376-2444