http://www.mofa.go.jp/about/privacy.html
About Us
News
Foreign Policy
Countries & Regions
Consular Services
Top > About Us > About this Site > Privacy Policy
About this Site
Privacy Policy
Official Website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan
December 1, 2020
Japanese
Tweet
1. Basic premise
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (hereinafter referred to as "the Ministry"), collects necessary information from those using the Official Website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (including the websites of its overseas establishments) (hereinafter referred to as &quotthe Site") for the purpose of the smooth operation of the services (such as information provision) provided by the Site. Information acquired will be handled appropriately within the scope of the purposes of use.
2. Scope of information acquisition
(1) The Site automatically collects and stores Internet domain names, IP addresses, information about access to the Site (i.e., the date and time you access the Site and the pages you visit) etc. Cookies (information transmitted from the server to the user's browser and stored on the user's computer in order for the server to identify users) may be used to the purposes to figure out the accurate number of accesses and to improve convenience of the browser display function.
(2) Mail services such as "What's New" ask users to register their e-mail address.
3. Purposes of use
(1) The information acquired in 2. (1) will be used as a reference for the smooth operation of the service provided by the Site.
(2) The information collected in 2. (2) will be used for the delivery of e-mail magazines.
4. Limitations on use and provision
Except for cases of legal disclosure requests as well as cases of illegal access, threats and other unlawful acts or other special reasons, the Ministry will not use the acquired infometion
for any purposes other than those described in 3., nor will provide the infomation
to any third party. However, statistical information regarding access to the Site or information on users' attributes may be made public.
5. Measures to ensure security
The Ministry takes measures necessary to handle acquired information appropriately to prevent the leakage, loss or destruction of acquired information.
6. Disclosure of personal information
We do not collect names, birth dates or other information which can identify individuals on the Site. Therefore, we do not respond to requests for disclosure of personal information by the users of mail services.
7. Scope of application
This privacy policy applies only to the Site.Responsibility for the handling of the information of other ministries and agencies lies in the respective organizations. For third-party services, including social media,being used by the Site, please review the respective privacy policies on the websites of these third-party providers.
Page Top
Back to About this Site