http://www.tryjesus.com/terms.php
Terms
and Conditions
This page includes the
Terms and Conditions specifically related to Life Story Submissions
and TryJesus.com Church Partnerships.
For general Terms and
Conditions regarding use of the site, the User Agreement, Trademarks
and Copyright information, and other legal information, visit the
Legal Information page.
Also see our Privacy
Policy.
Terms and
Conditions - Life Story Submissions
By submitting personal
information for consideration to be posted in the Life Stories section
of this site, the person submitting the story ("Submitter")
understands and agrees to the following:
1. Christian.com Media
Group, d.b.a. TryJesus.com, ("CMG") will review your
story for possible inclusiong on this site, and with your permission
if granted when submitting the form, on other Christian websites.
CMG reserves the right to exclude any story or information submitted
on the site based upon appropriateness, our Statement of Beliefs
and Doctrine, or for any other purpose at their sole discretion.
2. CMG will, and our
discretion, make grammatical and spelling corrections, edit for
content and space considerations, omit undesirable sections, and
otherwise alter information submitted. CMG make every effort not
to alter the facts or details of any story submitted.
3. CMG will be allowed
to assign a title, category, and brief description of each story
at our sole discretion. CMG may also feature certain stories under
the "Featured Stories" heading periodically and at our
discretion.
4. Submitter agrees
to be fully responsible for all content submitted, according to
CMG's Terms and Conditions and Privacy
Policy. Submitter also agrees to these Terms and Conditions
and to the Privacy Policy.
Thank you for submitting
your Life Story! Who knows how many lives it may touch?
Terms and
Conditions - Church Partnerships
By submitting information
for the church section(s) of this site, the person and church submitting
the information ("Church Partner") understands and agrees
to the following:
1. Christian.com Media
Group, d.b.a. TryJesus.com, ("CMG") will review and
include Church Partner information on CMG sites at our sole discretion.
CMG reserves the right to exclude any Partner Church or information
submitted on the site based upon appropriateness, our Statement
of Beliefs and Doctrine, or for any other purpose at their sole
discretion, and at any time without notice.
2. CMG will, and our
discretion, make grammatical and spelling corrections, edit for
content and space considerations, omit undesirable information,
and otherwise alter information submitted.
3. Church Partner agrees
to be fully responsible for all content submitted, according to
CMG's Terms and Conditions and Privacy
Policy. Church Partner also agrees to these Terms and Conditions
and to the Privacy Policy.
For additional information
on Church Partnerships, visit TryJesusOutreach.com