http://www.famousbirthdays.com/privacy/
Famous Birthdays
Search
video
trivia
popular
trending
random
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. This policy outlines Famous Birthdays’ information gathering, cookie policy, and privacy-related practices. It also discloses our practices and policies concerning privacy laws and regulations such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Processing Personal DataFamousBirthdays.com is an open and easy to use platform; no user login is offered on our website and we don’t set any first-party cookies, and we don’t track users in any personally identifiable way.
We automatically receive
information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes
the name of the website from which you entered our website, if any, as well as
the name of the website you’ll visit when you leave our website. This information
also includes the IP address of your computer/the proxy server you use to
access the Internet, your Internet service provider’s name, your web browser
type, the type of mobile device, your computer operating system, and data about
your browsing activity when using our website including what is searched for. We use this information to
analyze trends among our users and to help improve our website. We do not use any personally identifiable information which could be attained by analysis of our log files, and our platform doesn't store any data or personally identifiable information about our users. Third-party advertisers may collect information on visitors to our site. More about our advertisers' data collection practices, privacy policies, and your rights with respect to advertiser data collection are provided in the "Advertising" and "Third-Party Privacy Policies" sections below.Disclosure and Sale of Personal InformationWe do not sell personal information. We publicly disclose personal information about the celebrities we profile, but do not otherwise disclose the personal information we collect.Cookies
Famous Birthdays does not use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and we don't set any first-party cookies to help deliver more targeted ads.  We may use session cookies to record your preferences about how our site appears; these are used solely for your convenience and will expire when you close your browser.
External Links
Famous Birthdays contains links to other sites. Famous Birthdays is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the linked websites.
Celebrity Profiles
Famous Birthdays publishes factual information of public interest on celebrities in a concise and informative mobile friendly format.  We are committed to accuracy in all of the published information and we will review updates and corrections.   We sometimes get facts directly from celebrities, their managers and families.  We do not accept facts from any celebrity under 13 years of age, or any celebrity under 16 years of age from Europe and the UK. Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit famousbirthdays.com and the Famous Birthdays IOS and Android app. These advertising networks usually
place cookies to develop a profile of your browsing
interests and serve advertisements on other websites that are related to your
interests. You will see less advertising if you disable these cookies. You can visit the Network Advertising Initiative for more information about this practice and your possibility to opt-out.
Third-Party Privacy PoliciesThird-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website and/or other websites.Here is a list of each third-party advertising vendor we work with along with a link to their privacy policy.
Index Exchange
Google GAM/AdX
OpenX
App Nexus
Rubicon Project
Conversant
Sovrn
DistrictMOathPubmaticGumGumFacebookAmazonConsumeableShareThroughTeadsYieldMoSynacorSmaatoGoogle
Analytics Privacy Notice
Our website uses Google Analytics to collect information about the use
of our website. Google Analytics collects information from users such as how often they visit our website, what pages
they visit, and what other websites they have used before coming to our
website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to analyze
traffic and to improve our website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the
date you visit our website, not your name or other identifying information. We
do not combine the information collected using Google Analytics with any personally identifiable information.
Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to
identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website, the cookie
cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google also uses specific identifiers to
help collect information about the use of our website. For more information on
how Google collects and processes your data, visit Google's Privacy and Terms. You can prevent Google Analytics from using your information by opting-out.
Firebase Analytics Privacy NoticeOur IOS and Android app uses Firebase Analytics to collect information about the use of our website. Firebase Analytics collects information from users such as how often they visit our app, what screens hey visit, and how long the sessions are. We use the information we get from Firebase Analytics to analyze traffic and to improve our app. We do not combine the information collected by Firebase with any personally identifiable information. We also use Firebase's Cloud Messaging service to push out notifications to users that have opted-in to receive push notifications from us. We will never send a notification to a user who hasn't explicitly given consent via opting in. For more information on how Firebase collects and processes your data, visit the Firebase Use Policy.Famous Birthdays IOS and Android App
Users that download our IOS or Android app have the option to sign up for notifications. When signing up for notifications, you enter your email address or phone number to authenticate through Facebook’s Account Kit. Your email or phone number will never be shared by Famous Birthdays and it will never be used for any purpose other than authentication. Famous Birthdays doesn't store the phone number or email address that you've authenticated with, as this information is hashed by Famous Birthdays at the time of authentication. For questions about Facebook account kit, including it's data policy, please refer to this FAQ.
The only information stored by Famous Birthdays will be the celebrities you’ve signed up for notifications on. On the My Notifications page, users can click the X to remove any respective celebrity notification. By clicking X on each celebrity notification on the My Notifications page, it would effectively remove all information we have stored in regards to which celebrities a user has signed up to receive notifications for. Users are able use the Famous Birthdays IOS or Android App without signing up for notifications.Disclosure to SuccessorsIf our business is sold or
merges in whole or in part with another business that would become responsible
for providing Famous Birthdays to you, we retain the right to transfer any information to the
new business. The new business would retain the right to use your information according
to the terms of this privacy notice as well as to any changes to this privacy
notice as instituted by the new business.California Consumers' Rights (CCPA)California residents have the following rights:
- The right to request disclosure of the kinds of personal information and the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. We will consider and verify your request in accordance with California regulations before disclosing any personal information.- The right to be informed about the information we collect about you. This information is available in this Privacy Policy and in the California Privacy Disclosures, below.- The right to request deletion of any personal information we collect about you. We will consider and verify your request in accordance with California regulations before deleting any personal information.- The right to know how and when we disclose or sell your personal information.- The right to exercise the above rights without facing retaliatory discrimination.To request a disclosure or a deletion under the CCPA, please contact usCalifornia Privacy DisclosuresThe information below lists the categories of categories of personal information we have collected about consumers in the last year, and the categories of personal information we have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the last year:Category of Personal Information : What we collect : How we use it : How we disclose itIdentifiers (names, aliases, addresses, etc.) : The names and aliases of the celebrities we profile and The IP addresses of visitors : We use the names and aliases of the celebrities we profile in their profiles and We use visitor IP addresses to analyze trends among our users and to help improve our website : We publicly post celebrity information in their profiles and We do not disclose visitor IP addresses.Other personal information as defined in Cal. Business and Professions Code § 1798.90 :  The information in and concerning our publicly available celebrity profiles and We collect no personal information from our visitors except for that described elsewhere in this table : In our publicly available celebrity profiles, to analyze trends, and to improve our website : We publicly post celebrity information in their profiles, and celebrity trending information on our website.Protected classification : Sometimes we collect this information about the celebrities we profile and We do not collect this information from/about our visitors : We may use this information in our celebrity profiles : We publicly post celebrity information in their profiles.Commercial information : We do not collect this informationBiometric information:  We often feature photographs of the celebrities we profile and We do not collect this information from/about our users : We may use this information in our celebrity profiles : We publicly post celebrity information in their profiles.
Network activity: From visitors, we collect, Internet service providers’ names, web browser types, mobile device types, computer operating system information, data about browsing activity when using our website, search data on our website :  We use this information to analyze trends among our users and to help improve our website : We do not disclose this information and Third-party advertisers on our site may collect similar information from visitors — please see the “Advertising” and “Third-Party Privacy Policies” sections of this page for more information. Geolocation data: From visitors, we collect IP addresses : We use this information to analyze trends among our users and to help improve our website : We do not disclose this information.Audio/electronic/visual/thermal/olfactory/ and similar information : We do not collect this information.Professional or employment-related information : Sometimes we collect this information about the celebrities we profile and We do not collect this information from/about our visitors : We may use this information in our celebrity profiles : We publicly post celebrity information in their profiles.Education information : Sometimes we collect this information about the celebrities we profile and We do not collect this information from/about our visitors : We may use this information in our celebrity profiles : We publicly post celebrity information in their profiles.Inference-based consumer profiling : We do not collect this information.Celebrity Personal Information
Celebrities are people too, and the information we share to the public about celebrities can be considered personal information. We are committed to honoring the privacy rights of the celebrities we profile, but recognize also that our users have the right to know many facts about these public figures. We carefully consider both sets of rights with reference to applicable law and regulation on a case-by-case basis when making determinations on any celebrity privacy requests.EU and UK Residents' Rights (GDPR)European and UK residents, as outlined in the GDPR have the following rights:- The right to be informed about personal data we collect and how we process it- The right to access your personal data- The right to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate- The right to request removal of your personal data if there is no compelling reason for us to continue to process itFor additional rights and additional information on your rights, we encourage you to visit this guide to the GDRP.Data Controller Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Famous BirthdaysAttn: Data Controller2800 28th Street  Suite #308Santa Monica, CA 90405