http://www.cooksonhills.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy outlines the treatment of information collected by Cookson Hills Christian School, Inc. on the cooksonhills.org website or by mail. Please understand that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online this information cannot be made 100% secure and, in some cases, that information may be intercepted, collected and used by others.
Information We Collect
We collect two types of information (personal information and anonymous information) and we may use this information to create a third type of information, aggregate information.
Personal information: Direct and indirect information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, email address, telephone number, address, company/school name, gender, date of birth, and payment information.
Anonymous information: Information that does not directly or indirectly identify an individual. When you use public areas of the website, you are doing so anonymously.
Aggregate information: Information about groups or categories of visitors, which cannot be used to identify an individual, such as number of hits per page and traffic sources.
How We Collect Information
Information is gathered through forms filled out when you make a donation online, by mail, or when you sign up for communications at cooksonhills.org.
How We Use Information
We collect aggregate information for internal and marketing use only; we do not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any individual, organization, company, government entity, or the public.
We use the information you provide when conducting a transaction to complete that transaction only. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use email addresses to provide you with communications about Cookson Hills Christian School, Inc..
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Securing the information that you share with us online is a top priority. In order to prevent unauthorized access to your information we have implemented electronic, administrative, and physical security measures. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are impenetrable.
Changes to This Policy
Cookson Hills Christian School, Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time. Privacy policy changes may be due to new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. Consent will be obtained when required by applicable law.
Comments and Questions
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please call us at 918-597-2192.