https://www.osp.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Home / Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Please read these terms of use carefully. Should you use this website you are deemed to have accepted these terms of use. If you do not accept them, you should immediately exit the website.
This service is provided by Old Saint Paul’s Episcopal Church (“OSP”) (Scottish Charity Number SC017399, principal office at 39 Jeffrey Street, Edinburgh EH1 1DH) to you as a “user”, and is subject to the following terms and conditions of use.
OSP reserves the right to change these terms of use from time to time. You are responsible for regularly reviewing information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
OSP further reserves the right at any time to make access to certain materials or services on this website conditional on you agreeing to additional terms of use.
1. Website objective
This website is provided to users for information purposes.
2. Availability
The user acknowledges that this website’s systems and servers may from time to time become inoperative as a consequence of mechanical breakdown, maintenance, telecommunication connectivity, hardware and software upgrades and other causes outside the control of OSP.
3. Limited liability
OSP gives no condition or warranty or undertaking and makes no representation to the user about the suitability or fitness of the services for the user’s purposes other than the conditions, warranties, undertakings or representations expressly set out in these terms.
4. Use of the website
In using this website you agree not to cause damage to the website nor to affect its availability or accessibility in any way nor to effect any action that is illegal, fraudulent, harmful, offensive or obscene or that may cause distress or inconvenience to any person.
5. Disclaimer
In so far as is practicable, OSP ensures that this website contains accurate information. OSP however cannot be held liable for any loss, infringement or damages resulting in any inaccuracies or misinformation that may inadvertently be published on the site. Furthermore, whilst all possible effort is made to ensure no viruses or malware are contained on the site, OSP cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage to computer hardware, or software or loss or corruption of data, caused by use of the website.
Where content is contributed by others to the website, the views expressed in that content are the views of the contributors and not necessarily the views of OSP.
This website and documents published on this website from time to time may contain links to third party sites. These third party sites are beyond the control of OSP for their content and for any transactions between you and such sites. Your use of these third party sites, and any resultant transactions, may be subject to separate terms and conditions.
6. Access
OSP reserves the right in their sole discretion to deny users access to the website or any part of the website without notice and to decline to provide the service to any user that is in breach of these terms.
7. Legal terms and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Scotland. Any disputes arising from the use of the website shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland.
If any of these terms of use should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms of use are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that term of use is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from the relevant clause and the remaining terms of use shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
8. Submission of content and use of materials
Where you are invited to submit any content to this site you are required by such submission to grant OSP a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You warrant that you have the right to make such a grant. If you do not wish to grant such rights to OSP, it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to this site.
In supplying content to the website you will indemnify OSP against all damages, costs, claims and expenses, including legal fees and expenses, that may be incurred by OSP as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and agree to waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on the website and the other purposes specified above.
If there is any conflict between the terms of use and/or specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
Any other use of materials on this website, including storage and recording (other than on a purely temporary basis to permit you to view them), reproduction, modification, distribution, re-transmission, diversion or republication, without the prior written permission (from or on behalf of the Vestry) of OSP, is prohibited.
This prohibition does not apply to:
a) Press releases that are posted to the website as releases to the media for news and information purposes;
b) Vestry materials and content or other materials posted to the website for use within OSP;
c) Web notices that are intended for reproduction and display in church or other places owned or maintained by OSP.
Some content may be Copyrighted ©. All rights are reserved.
Where copyright in text on this website is stated to belong to a third party, permission to use the material should be sought directly from the third party.
9. Protection of data
Any information provided by you that is classified “personal data” supplied in connection with the website will be held by us on computers and/or manual records. This data will be used and stored by OSP in a manner that meets privacy standards and the requirements of data protection legislation. Please consult our privacy policy for more information.
OSP will only contact you in accordance with your wishes unless otherwise permitted or required by law; your responses are recorded at the time these terms and conditions are presented.
Should you wish to modify or remove any or all of your personal information that you have supplied for the use of this website, you should request assistance by writing to OSP at the service address below, stating your full name and address and providing any other relevant information.
10. Message boards and forums
The views expressed on any message boards that may appear on this website from time to time are those of the individual user and not those of OSP. OSP asks you not to post messages or e-mails which are abusive, obscene, defamatory or the content of which is otherwise undesirable, illegal or in breach of any person’s rights, and they reserve the right, in their full discretion, to remove any messages or e-mails at any time and without notice to you.
11. Address for service
This service is brought to you by OSP.  Should you wish to contact us please see the point of contact details shown below.
Title:
Church Officer
Name of Org.:
Old S Paul’s Episcopal Church
Address:
39 Jeffrey Street
Edinburgh
EH1 1DH
Telephone Number
0131-556-3332
Email
office@osp.org.uk
Monthly newsletter
Sign up to our newsletter