http://www.MyUjamaa.org/privacypolicy.html
Privacy Policy
Ujamaa Christian Poetry take your privacy seriously.
We want you to know what information we gather on our web sites, how we use it, and who we share it with, how we safeguard your information, and
how you can control its use.
1 - COLLECTING INFORMATION
We collect information on our web sites in a variety of ways, depending upon how you use our sites. We collect information that you voluntarily submit to us, and we also gather information anonymously to help us better understand how our sites are being used and how we can better server our customers (including information provided through the use of "cookies"). In addition, "third party" web sites that you can link to from our web site may also collect and use your information.
Cookies - Cookies are small files that can store data on your computer. The data can include your computer’s Internet Protocol address, information about how you use our site, and information about your preferences and past selections. Akoot.com sets and accesses cookies on your computer. We use this information to keep track of your information for your own convenience, help us optimize your online experience, and help us understand how you use our web pages.
Third Party Links - You mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml.
ALWAYS FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other matter, please contact us at:
E-mail: Staff@MyUjamaa.Org
EFFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 9, 2009.
Privacy Policy
MyUjamaa.Org