http://www.heartlessbitches.com/heartless/privacy.shtml
Heartless Bitches International: Privacy Policy
HBI values the privacy of our members and customers. We do not sell your
personal information to other companies - we sell funky Bitch$tuff to
keep the site going, not data.
We will NOT sell our membership list or
customer list to any outside agencies or partners. However, we DO reserve the right to
use (laugh at, and possibly ridicule), in whatever manner we see fit, any commentary you send to us.
Membership Data
We collect demographics on Membership Applications in order to create better content for the site - we want to
know in general terms who our audience is, and what countries they are coming from.
As a Member, your email address may be used for one of the following purposes:
to email you your password if you forget it,
to authenticate you (along with your password) for Bitchboard access
to authenticate you (along with a promotion code) for members-only discounts at the HBI Store
to send you notification of membership acceptance (you get only ONE email about this)
to send you notices of HBI special events/promotions (see below)
HBI Special Events:
We (very occasionally) will send out a mass-mailing to our membership to notify them of a new promotion or site
section (such as when we opened the online store), or a new product we are offering.
In the 6 years that HBI has been running, we have made only
2 mass-mailings to our membership outside of the initial membership-acceptance notification.
Newsletter Subscribers
As with membership data, we collect demographics on our newsletter subscribers because we
are nosey bitches and we're just damned curious who's coming to read our stuff.
(The HBI headquarters
even has a world map with little push-pins that show where we have shipped orders.
Maybe we'll put it
online someday...).
We don't do anything with the data except review it, though there is the possibility
that we might use it to send more directed or relevant "what's new" info at some later point in time (such as
a teen newsletter).
As with our membership info, we don't sell our lists to anyone else. We think that is
unethical and just plain sucks.
If you ever want off our newsletter list, you can always unsubscribe at
any time.
Cookies
The only place on the site where we use cookies is for our Members-only BitchBoard. The BitchBoard Forum software uses the cookies to provide
the convenience of not having to re-enter userID and password for each posting.
We do not use the cookies for any other kind of
tracking.
Web Server Logs
We use our web server logs to help identify popular parts of the site (so we can expand them),
and to locate errors (so we can fix them).
Customer Information for Store Purchases
When you order products from our store, we require personal information (like
name, email address, and mailing address and phone number). We use this information for 4 reasons:
to validate your purchase with our payment gateway
to contact you when the order has shipped (via email)
to contact you if there is a problem with your order, or an out-of-stock problem (via email or phone)
to ship your order
We do NOT give out or use this information for any other purposes.
For the safety and security of our customers, we do NOT maintain a credit-card database on our web server. Repeat customers must re-enter their credit card information for
new purchases.
IP Addresses
We collect IP addresses on ALL forms that are submitted to the site. (If you don't know what this is, it's a secret code your browser sends us so we can know EVERYTHING about you... bwahahaha!
Just Kidding...
Geeze. Some people are SO gullible!)
We may, at our discretion, release IP address information to
appropriate authorities and ISPs, along with the form contents and portions of our web server log files, if we get skanky submissions that are threatening to us or others, or if we think you are
a sick puppy that needs institutionalization.
Affiliate Programs
Heartless Bitches International is an Amazon.com Associate. When you
click on a link to a book or movie to "buy now" from amazon.com, we do
not pass any information to them about you other than OUR HBI associate
ID. We do not share any additional information gathered from our site.
We do not control and are not responsible for any other information that Amazon may
collect about you as a result of you using their services.
Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites we think our readership may find interesting (if you don't, cope).
Heartless Bitches International is not responsible
for the privacy practices, editorial ineptitude, social conscience, cynicism, bitterness or general content of such Web sites. We do however, appreciate notes about broken links.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement you can contact:
Administrator
Heartless Bitches International
Box 35096 Westgate PO
Ottawa, ON,
Canada, K2A 2R2
Email:
Copyright© Heartless Bitches International (heartless-bitches.com) 2001, All Rights Reserved
Pause your cursor over each link below for a more detailed description
Home
Search HBI
HBI FAQ
Deal With It!
Rants
Collected Quotes
The Manipulator Files
Nice Guys? BLEAH
Links
I'M NOT BITTER...
Auntie Dote
Pop Culture
Honorary HBs
Adult Books
Kids Books
Privacy Policy
Press
Awards
HBI Sitings
Want to link to HBI?
Click HERE for banners
Want to know when we update? Subscribe to our "What's New" RSS Feed
(What is an RSS Feed?)
Get SharpReader - our favorite
RSS aggregator - it's free!
If you don't have a Newsreader, you can subscribe to updates via email:
Enter your Email
Powered by FeedBlitz