https://www.internationalministries.org/privacy-notice/
Login
Donate
Contact
MENUMENUABOUT
Mission + VisionCORE VALUESHistoryLEADERSHIP + BOARDSTAFFJOB OPPORTUNITIESContact Us
GLOBAL MISSION
GLOBAL SERVANTSJOURNALSMINISTRY PRIORITIESSERVE
RESOURCES
WMOPRAYER CALLGUIDE TO GLOBAL SERVANTSANNUAL REPORTBRANDING TOOLKIT
WAYS TO SUPPORT
WHY GIVEWAYS TO GIVEDISASTER RELIEFPROJECTSWHITE CROSS
NEWS
UPDATESON LOCATIONEVENTS
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy – International MinistriesOVERVIEW
Our policy is to respect and protect the privacy of online visitors. International Ministries uses secure systems and encryption protocols as required by the payment card industry. This privacy policy explains how we collect information and how that information is used and stored. IM’s global servants are engaged in ministries in over 70 different countries, and we take every precaution to keep the online experience safe and enjoyable.
PRIVACY POLICYCredit Card Security
International Ministries (IM) has electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide, including the use of a secure service provider to process all online credit card transactions.
IM DOES NOT STORE CREDIT CARD INFORMATION.
Any credit card and billing information you provide is used and stored exclusively by IM’s authorized service provider, Braintree, to securely process your donation. Your credit card transaction data is encrypted to prevent unauthorized access, and only you control who receives your credit card information.
Credit card transaction reply forms received by mail are used to process your credit card donation for one-time use and securely shredded. IM does not file or electronically store credit card information.
E-mail Addresses
This web site does not automatically recognize your email address. You must consent for IM to store your email address on our donation and account creation pages, and IM will only use your email address with your consent.
Only IM’s database has the personal information you provide and consent to store.
All personally identifiable information obtained by IM either through this website or by any other means is kept strictly confidential and used by authorized IM personnel for the purposes of fulfilling your requests. Personal data is password-protected through organization safeguards, and this information is never disclosed to third parties for commercial purposes. IM uses the U.S. postal service and email to communicate with you. You can manage the information you wish to receive and the means by which you wish to receive it through your optional IM donor portal account at portal.internationalministries.org or by contacting the IM Donor Services team as outlined below.
WHAT DATA DOES IM STORE?
The personal information most commonly provided to IM in the course of making a donation or creating a donor portal account is name, mailing address, phone number, email address, donation amount, date given and description of gift. Data necessary to process your donation and complete your online or mailed transaction, or to send you IM communications and resources in accordance with your preferences, is stored and used accordingly. Other personal information that IM may store is information you provide about past volunteer service with or through IM, ministry-related skills, household members, Skype account, ethnicity, birthdate, age, gender, home church and religious denomination. You may request a copy of this information and you may request to delete information you do not wish IM to store.
HOW DOES IM USE MY DATA?
We do not sell, give, exchange, lend or lease our mailing or email lists or other personally identifiable information. IM assures that data vendors for the purpose of data processing are in full compliance with GDPR and data security.
We ask for personal information on our online donation pages and use this information to acknowledge receipt of your donation for tax purposes. With your consent, your name and other information will become part of our secure donor database. If you are a donor to IM or connected to IM through another capacity, data collected online may be combined with other information you have consented to store so that we can serve you more efficiently.
WHAT RIGHTS DO I HAVE OVER MY DATA?
Provide consent: When you provide your personal information to IM, such as when you make a donation, create or manage an IM online donor portal account, subscribe to an IM email list or complete an IM survey, you give IM your consent to store the information that you provide and to use it in accordance with the means by which you provided it. (For example, if you provide your email address in completing an online donation, you consent to have IM send you a receipt for the transaction via email.)
Revoke consent: If you have provided your personal information and/or consent to use that information to IM, or if you believe that IM has stored or used your personal information without your consent, you may revoke consent for IM to use that information or request that any or all of your personal information be removed from IM’s database. Information that has been deleted cannot be restored.
Access and revise: You may view and edit your own personal information that you have provided to IM and your IM email subscription preferences in your IM donor portal account. To review, revise or remove any or all of your personal information that IM has stored and/or change your personal information usage preferences, you may contact IM Donor Services by phone at 610-768-2322 on Monday through Friday at 8 AM through 4 PM EST, excluding holidays; by email at IMdonorservices@im.projectworldimpact.com or by using IM’s online communication form at www.internationalministries.org/contact/.
WHAT DATA IS SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES?
Only mailing information, name and address required by the US Postal service to deliver your letters, receipts or communications with IM are shared with direct mail fulfillment vendors contracted with IM. Phone numbers are only shared if required by services such as UPS and FedEx to confirm delivery of packages. Email addresses are stored in distribution lists that IM manages for the purpose of sending emails to individuals who have requested to receive IM emails.
HOW LONG DOES IM KEEP MY DATA?
Your information is stored indefinitely unless you request to delete it. When records are inactive for long periods of time or after we receive notification of an individual who is deceased, records may be marked as inactive but remain in the database. Information for those who are deceased are retained in order to retrieve information to facilitate legacy gifts that mature in the future.
For help, questions, or complaints about your personal information: For assistance with donor and online data storage requests or access to your data, contact IM Donor Services by phone at 610-768-2322 on Monday through Friday at 8 AM through 5 PM EST, excluding holidays; by email at IMdonorservices@im.projectworldimpact.com or by using IM’s online communication form at www.internationalministries.org/contact/.
Opt-Out
You may unsubscribe to IM emails at any time by changing the subscription preferences associated with your account on portal.internationalministries.org (recommended) or by using the using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any IM email.
Your privacy is very important to us. If you feel that your privacy has been violated or suspect that you are a victim of fraud, please contact us at IMdonorservices@im.projectworldimpact.com.
Changes to This Policy
IM reserves the right to make changes to this policy and to update this policy for legal compliance.
Ownership and Copyright
The articles, photographs, videos, logos and other media content that you view on the IM website are either copyrighted property of IM or are copyrighted by another organization or company and used with their permission. Contact IM if you wish to obtain permission to use IM copyrighted content or images for personal or charitable (non-commercial) use. The distribution, sale, modification or transmission of website content or images for profit is strictly forbidden.
All trademarks, service marks and trade names are proprietary to International Ministries.
Acceptance of These Terms
By using this website, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy and security policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use this website.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us by contacting contact IM Donor Services by phone at 610-768-2322 on Monday through Friday at 8 AM through 5 PM EST, excluding holidays; by email at IMdonorservices@im.projectworldimpact.com or by using IM’s online communication form at www.internationalministries.org/contact/.
International Ministries
1003 W 9th Ave. Ste A
King of Prussia, PA 19406
subscribe to stay up to date on Im news, events, and ways to get involved
International Ministries, also known as the American Baptist Foreign Mission Society, FEIN #13-5563392 is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit.
global servants
Ministry priorities
1003 West 9th Avenue Suite A | King of Prussia, PA 19406610-768-2168
Copyright ©2020 International Ministries | Privacy Notice