https://www.shulmanrogers.com/privacy/
Skip to ContentPrivacyHome >PrivacyThis Site is operated by Shulman Rogers. Our Privacy Notice is subject to change, so you are encouraged to revisit and review this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will post any changes here, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted.AcceptancePlease read this Privacy Notice carefully. Your use of this website (“Site”) indicates that you have read and accepted our privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Notice. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which govern your use of this Site.Information That Shulman Rogers CollectsPersonally Identifiable Information: Personally identifiable information  is information that identifies you or could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as, but not limited to, your name, address, phone number or email address). Providing personally identifiable information is voluntary. You may, however, not be able to use the full functionality of this Site if you do not provide certain information. We collect personally identifiable information that you provide during your use of the Site, including:Information collected when you contact us via online forms (contact us forms, etc.) or offline methods (e.g., telephone);Information you provide when you engage with Shulman Rogers;Information you provide when you use certain Shulman Rogers services.Personally Identifiable Information (Non-public or Financial): If you seek to engage the Firm for legal services, we will request personal non-public or financial information (which may include, but is not limited to, your marital status, number of dependents, occupation, employers name/address, annual income, net worth, etc.). Any personal non-public or financial information we collect is used for identity verification, determine potential legal conflicts on the part of the Firm, determine legal strategy and/or perform requested legal services.Site Cookies: We use cookies, but only to store session information, to enhance Site navigation, and to track usage patterns on the Site or to analyze user activity on the site. Cookies are text files used to identify users and possibly to prepare customized web pages for the user. You may configure your browser to reject cookies but, if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Site.Site Use: Shulman Rogers may monitor your use of the Site, and will collect information from our web server logs. Information we may track includes:Your Internet protocol address.The kind of browser or computer you use.Number of links you click within the Site.Pages visited on the Site.State or country from which you accessed the Site.Date and time of your visit.Name of your Internet service provider.Web page you linked to our Site from.For other types of inquiries, we will ask for the relevant information. If you choose to engage the Firm for legal services, you may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you.How We Use Your InformationWe only use personally identifiable information (both public and non-public) collected from you for the purposes listed above or disclosed at the time the information is collected. We will only use personally identifiable information to contact you:To provide you with requested information, services or content;To provide the products or services you requested, which may include sharing your information with other service providers (with your prior permission);To notify you about our new product and services offerings;To enforce the Terms of Use of this Site and to address any problems or concerns we have regarding your use of this Site or our services;Internal purposes, such as system administration, marketing analysis and to audit use of our Site; orTo notify you of changes to this Privacy Notice, our Terms of Use or other policies or terms that affect you and your use of our Site.Information We ShareFor current and former clients, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information obtained in the course of our practice except as required or permitted by law. Permitted disclosures include, for instance, providing information to our employees, and in limited situations and with your prior permission, to unrelated third parties who need to know that information to assist us in providing services to you. In all such situations, we stress the confidential nature of information being shared.We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by regulation, law or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities or regulators, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.Use of Web Beacons or GIF filesThe Site may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow us to count users who have visited those pages. We may include web beacons in promotional email messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.Some of these web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. We prohibit web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information (both public and non-public).Your Choices Regarding Your Personally Identifiable Information (both public and non-public)We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. You may review this information by sending an email to our support attendant at info@ShulmanRogers.comYou should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.Please also keep in mind that any opt-out choices you make will not apply in situations where: (a) you make a specific request for information from us, or (b) we use your personally identifiable information for either operational purposes (e.g. to complete transactions requested by you, or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our Site, including any future changes to this Privacy Notice, the Terms of Use, or any other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our Site) or fulfillment purposes (e.g., completing any trade you execute).Children’s PrivacyThis Site is not directed at children and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under thirteen (13) years of age unless the collection complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, do not send any information about yourself to us. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that child’s personally identifiable information from its system.Contacting Shulman RogersAny questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice and our handling of personally identifiable information (both public and non-public) should be directed to:Shulman Rogers 12505 Park Potomac Avenue, 6th Floor Potomac, MD 20854 By Telephone: +1 (301) 230-5200 By Email: info@ShulmanRogers.comLinksYou may leave our Site by clicking on certain links on our Site. Many of these links take you to Sites and online content that are not operated by us and are beyond our control. If you “click” on these links, you will be taken to a third party site. We have no control over, and we are not responsible for, the content of any third party sites to which you link. In addition, these other sites have their own privacy policies and practices that may differ from ours, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other site you visit.SecurityShulman Rogers takes reasonable steps to secure its systems and to secure your personally identifiable information (both public and non-public) on our systems, including limiting access to information contained on our servers when processing your account transactions. Unfortunately, data transmissions over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be secure. We make no warranty regarding the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Back to Top