http://www.tellerhabitat.org/home/privacy-policy
719-687-4447
info@tellerhabitat.org
Facebook
RSS
Facebook
RSS
Privacy Policy
Habitat for Humanity of Teller County is committed to your right to privacy and to protecting your personal information. Because our web site includes areas in which you may provide personal information, we have developed a Privacy Policy, described below, to inform you of Habitat for Humanity of Teller County’s policies and practices regarding information we collect on this site. If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
This Privacy Policy governs the URL http://www.tellerhabitat.org, and it’s related web sites, and describes what information our site collects about you, how it is collected, and how it will be used.
Information collected about you…
Habitat for Humanity of Teller County collects certain personal information about you when you send an email to Habitat for Humanity of Teller County, or when you complete one of our online forms. The personal information you provide to Habitat for Humanity of Teller County can identify you and/or your business, and include such items as your name, employer’s name, email address, U.S. mailing address, office/home telephone and fax numbers.
Habitat for Humanity of Teller County also collects or logs other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our web site. This information includes your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and domain name. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) through which you access the web, and a domain name is the name of the ISP itself through which you access the web.
Habitat for Humanity of Teller County logs IP addresses and domain names, then aggregates them for system administration and to monitor the use of our site. We use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the number of pages viewed, and to monitor various other site statistics. This monitoring helps us evaluate how our web site is used, and consequently, helps us continuously improve the content we provide. Habitat for Humanity of Teller County does not share these statistics with outside parties and this web site does not link IP addresses or domain names with any personally identifying information. This means that a visitor’s session will be logged on our servers, but the visitor will remain anonymous.
Habitat for Humanity of Teller County does not purchase or otherwise obtain any supplemental personal information about you from any third party organizations, nor does Habitat for Humanity of Teller County provide your information to third party organizations for their use or sale.
How we collect information about you…
When you visit our web site, the site collects certain technical information such as your IP address and domain name. We cannot use this technical information to identify you personally. Habitat for Humanity of Teller County does not make use of “cookies” on our web site. We also collect personal and company information that you provide by filling out one of this web site’s online forms. If you have joined our Email Alert service, we may send you, via email, press releases or notifications via email of information that has been posted to our site. If you do not wish to receive these communications from us, please contact us.
How your information is used…
We use the information you have provided to us in an online form to respond to your request for information about Habitat for Humanity of Teller County, or comments you may have about our web site, or other services provided by Habitat for Humanity of Teller County. If you request, you may be added to our email, U.S. mail or fax distribution lists.
We do not provide personal information to third party organizations for their sale or use. We will only disclose personal information to comply with valid legal processes such as a search warrant, subpoena, court order, or to protect our rights and property.
How your information is protected…
At Habitat for Humanity of Teller County, we value your input, and therefore we will take the appropriate steps necessary to protect the information you provide to us. We continually review our procedures to ensure that adequate security controls are in place. This web site may contain links to other sites. Habitat for Humanity of Teller County is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of these other non-affiliate web sites.