https://www.northernjaguarproject.org/privacy-policy/
DonateHome
Who We Are Our Mission NJP News Board of Directors StaffNorthern Jaguar Reserve About the Reserve Threats & Opportunities LocationStewardship Jaguar Guardians Reserve Management Stewardship & Long-term Management FundEcology About the Jaguar Ongoing & Future Research Species on the ReserveOutreach Viviendo con Felinos Community Education Elementary Students University Students Growing the Jaguar GardenPhoto Gallery Recently Added Jaguars Other Mammals Birds Amphibians & Reptiles Invertebrates Plants Landscapes Border Wall Misc.Video GallerySupport Us Donate Online PWTurtle Fund David Utterback Memorial Fund Our Wish List Other Ways to GiveContact
Privacy Policy
This website, www.northernjaguarproject.org, is owned and operated by Northern Jaguar Project, Inc, a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. Our intention is to provide an informative tool for those interested in conservation and as a means of allowing our supporters and the public to become more involved in our mission. We recognize that visitors to our website may be concerned about the information that they provide to us and how we treat that information. NJP is committed to honoring our constituents’ privacy preferences. To this end, we believe that when personally identifiable information is collected, a website visitor has the right to:
Know when we are collecting personal information,
Know what personal information is collected, and the purpose of any such collection,
Expect the opportunity to choose whether or not personal information will be provided to any third parties,
Expect reasonable steps to be taken to protect personal information from unauthorized use, and
Review the accuracy of personal information and update it.
Online Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is very important to us. We recognize that providing us with personal information is an act of trust. Therefore, we have created a privacy policy to protect this information. This policy covers all websites owned or operated by NJP. We encourage you to take the time to read this privacy policy as well as those of any website that you may visit.
Normal Website Usage
When you visit our website and access information, you remain anonymous. We do not require you to register or provide personal information to us to view our website. The only information we collect from a normal website visit is the name of the browser you are using, the website that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time you request them, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze usage trends, and track visitors’ interactions with the web pages in order for us to improve the website.
Your Personal Information
NJP may collect email addresses and other personally identifiable information about visitors only when such information is voluntarily submitted. For example, when our site uses order forms for visitors to request information, products, and services or to make a donation, contact information you provide on the order form is used to fulfill orders and send information about NJP to our visitors. Financial information is used to bill visitors for their donations.
What Personal Information We Collect
Our donation forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, physical billing address, and telephone number. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as social security numbers or date of birth.
Use of Your Personal Information
NJP does not sell, rent, lease, or otherwise share or disclose such information about our visitors outside the organization.
Email Sent to Us Containing Personal Information
You may decide to send NJP personally identifying information. For example, you might send an email message containing information about your donation. We will use this information solely to identify you and to determine how to best respond to the email. We will not use this information for any purpose other than to resolve the specific matter identified in your email message.
Security of Your Information
We are dedicated to protecting your personal information and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information secure. All sensitive information (such as your credit card) provided to NJP is transmitted using industry-accepted Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. SSL is a proven encoding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect donor information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is accessible only by NJP staff.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can ever be 100 percent secure. While we strive to protect your information to the fullest extent, we cannot ensure or completely guarantee the security of such information.
Your Credit Card Information
When you enter your credit card information into a form field on www.northernjaguarproject.org, your credit card information is encrypted and transmitted securely to NJP. Unless you sign up to make monthly contributions, we do not store your credit card information on a permanent basis; your credit card is used only for the duration of the transaction.
We take the utmost precaution to keep your credit card information safe and secure. But if you are uncomfortable submitting your credit card information online, you can also contribute via mail:
Northern Jaguar Project
2114 West Grant Road Suite 121
Tucson, AZ 85745
Links to Third-Party Websites
We provide many links to third-party websites. Since we do not control the content or functionality of these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted directly on these websites. Any link from www.northernjaguarproject.org to such a third-party website does not denote an affiliation with the website or an endorsement of its viewpoint(s) or mission(s).
“Spam”
NJP complies fully with the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM Act). To this end, NJP:
Always offers recipients of email marketing and e-newsletters a clear means of opting-out from the receipt of future messages,
Always includes NJP’s physical address within the body of all our email messages,
Never uses false or misleading header information in any email message,
Never attempts to deceive email recipients by using deceptive subject lines,
Never uses automated means to harvest email addresses from websites or web services,
Never generates email addresses using programmatic methods, and
Never shares email addresses with any other organizations.
Children’s Guidelines
NJP complies fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). No NJP websites knowingly collect identifiable personal information from children under age 13. A parent or guardian must initiate any requests for information from children under the age of 13 on their behalf. If we discover that a person under the age of 13 has provided us with any personally identifiable information, we will delete that information from our systems. We encourage parents to supervise children when they browse the Internet.
Privacy Policy Updates
NJP may occasionally update this policy so that it evolves with the changing technologies employed on the Internet. All revisions will be posted to this website and will apply only to data collected subsequent to its effective date. This policy was last updated September 2008.
Questions?
Any information that you provide to us on the Internet, in an email message, by fax, or through postal mail is covered by this policy. NJP welcomes comments and questions at information@northernjaguarproject.org.
A copy of our latest financial information may be obtained by writing to the Northern Jaguar Project, 2114 West Grant Road Suite 121, Tucson, AZ, 85745.
About Our Logo
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Northern Jaguar Project
2114 West Grant Road Suite 121
Tucson, AZ 85745
information@northernjaguarproject.org