https://www.thoughtco.com/foreign-policy-3310217
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
TommL / Getty Images
Issues
U.S. Foreign Policy
The U. S. Government
U.S. Liberal Politics
U.S. Conservative Politics
Women's Issues
Civil Liberties
The Middle East
Terrorism
Race Relations
Immigration
Crime & Punishment
Canadian Government
View More
By
Keith Porter
Political Journalist
M.S., Communications, Illinois State University
B.S., Communication, Illinois State University
Keith Porter is an international affair journalist with 25 years of experience reporting from 20 countries. He is president of the Stanley Foundation.
our editorial process
Keith Porter
Updated May 09, 2019
The Constitution of the United States doesn't say anything specific about foreign policy, but it does make clear who is in charge of America's official relationship with the rest of the world.
Responsibilities of the President
Article II of the Constitution says the president has the power to:
Make treaties with other countries (with the consent of the Senate)Appoint ambassadors to other countries (with the consent of the Senate)Receive ambassadors from other countries
Article II also establishes the president as commander-in-chief of the military, which gives him significant control over how the United States interacts with the world. As Carl von Clausewitz said, "War is the continuation of diplomacy by other means."
The president's authority is exercised through various parts of his administration. Therefore, understanding the executive branch's international relations bureaucracy is one key to understanding how foreign policy is made. Key Cabinet positions are the secretaries of state and defense. The joint chiefs of staff and the leaders of the intelligence community also have significant input in making decisions related to foreign policy and national security.
Role of Congress
The president has plenty of company in steering the ship of state. Congress plays a key oversight role in foreign policy and sometimes has direct involvement in foreign policy decisions. An example of direct involvement is the pair of votes in the House and the Senate in October 2002 that authorized President George W. Bush to deploy U.S. military forces against Iraq as he saw fit.
Per Article II of the Constitution, the Senate must approve treaties and nominations of U.S. ambassadors. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs both have significant oversight responsibilities with regard to foreign policy. The power to declare war and raise an army is also given to Congress in Article I of the Constitution. The War Powers Act of 1973 governs the interaction of the Congress with the president in this most important foreign policy territory.
State and Local Governments
Increasingly, state and local governments exercise a special brand of foreign policy. Often this is related to trade and agricultural interests. The environment, immigration policy, and other issues are involved as well. Non-federal governments would generally work through the U.S. government on these issues and not directly with foreign governments since foreign policy is specifically the responsibility of the U.S. government.
Other Players
Some of the most important players in shaping U.S. foreign policy are outside of government. Think tanks and non-governmental organizations play a major role in crafting and critiquing American interactions with the rest of the world. These groups and others—often including former U.S. presidents and other former high-ranking officials—have an interest in, knowledge of and impact on global affairs that can span longer time frames than any particular presidential administration.
U.S. Constitution - Article I, Section 10
What Is Domestic Policy in US Government?
The Role of the Congress in U.S. Foreign Policy
Foreign Policy of the U.S. Government
Vice President of the United States: Duties and Details
How Bills Become Laws According to the U.S. Legislative Process
Life of John Jay, Founding Father and Supreme Court Chief Justice
Supermajority Vote in US Congress
Where, When, and Why Does the US Congress Meet?
About Presidential Recess Appointments
The Executive Branch of US Government
What the President of the United States Does
How Many Electoral Votes Does a Candidate Need to Win?
Impeached Presidents of the United States
Diplomacy and How America Does It
The Three Branches of US Government