http://www.amarillocasa.org/contact-privacy-policy
About About UsHistoryOur Team2020 Board MembersVolunteer
Be a CASAFAQsEvents New Advocate TrainingCASA 101HeArt of CASAGive
SupportDonationsLight of HopeResources OptimaVolunteer ResourcesCOVID-19Contact Contact UsNewsletterEmployment OpportunitiesPrivacy PolicyGalleriesCalendar
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.pleasebeacasa.org.
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
It will notify you of the following:
1.
What personally identifiable
information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with
whom it may be shared.
2.
What choices are available to
you regarding the use of your data.
3.
The security procedures in
place to protect the misuse of your information.
4.
How you can correct any
inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have
access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other
direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the
reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third
party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your
request, e.g. to process a donation through PayPal.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the
following at any time by contacting us by calling our office at 806-373-2272:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about
you.
• Have us delete any data we have about
you.
• Express any concern you have about our
use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online and
offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card
data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You
can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web
browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of
the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information
transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees
who need the information to perform a specific job (background checks for
potential new advocates) are granted access to personally identifiable
information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable
information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order
to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During
registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and
email address). This information is used to contact you about the specific area
on our site in which you have expressed interest. Registration for our
newsletter only requires name and email address, while our new advocate
enrollment form is more extensive.  The
new advocate enrollment form is also available as a printed PDF if that is your
preference.
Links
This web
site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible
for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our
users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements
of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates
will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you
should contact us immediately via telephone at 806-373-2272 or email amacasa@amarillocasa.org.
Navigation
©2013 Amarillo Area CASA • 112 W. 8th, Suite 101 • Amarillo, TX 79101Tel: (806) 373-2272 • Fax: (806) 373-3332
Donate Now