https://www.aradvocates.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Donate
Take Action
Blog
About Us
Home > About Us > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families (AACF) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our constituents and website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by AACF’s website, www.aradvocates.org, and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information Is Collected and How It May Be Used
AACF’s constituents that register, donate, or join on www.aradvocates.org and individuals that sign up to receive e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name, home or work address, phone, and e-mail address). We may use this information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail newsletters and alerts to you; to deliver or confirm your transactional requests including donations, registrations, and memberships; to present you with AACF fundraising opportunities that may interest you; and to conduct research via surveys and other means to obtain your opinions. Additionally, AACF shares information about your use of our site with our trusted social media and analytics partners.
AACF’s anti-spam policy tolerates only permission-based email. You always have the opportunity to opt-out or change preferences via a link in the footer of all non-transactional email messages. Alternatively, you may email us at connect@aradvocates.org. We do not sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.
AACF may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information is not transferred to the third party. In addition, AACF may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to AACF.
AACF will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AACF or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AACF; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AACF, or the public.
Use of Cookies
AACF’s website uses cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your computer by a web page server and is used to store information that is used to help streamline your activity and usage of aradvocates.org. AACF utilizes web analysis software and digital analytics tools which use information stored in cookies (including your IP address) to compile statistical reports on website activity. We use these reports to evaluate aggregated visitor usage to optimize the content to better meet your needs.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
External Links
AACF uses and references a variety of external websites and technology to provide services, news, and social media options to share information with you, communicate and interact with you, or to allow you to share information on our site with your social community. These sites and applications include popular social networking and media sites, open source software communities, and more. These external links and web-based technologies are not exclusively operated or controlled by AACF and do not fall under the aradvocates.org domain for which AACF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
AACF uses the web-hosted Neon CRM platform by Z2 Systems to securely deliver our Constituent Relationship Management (CRM) functionality including donations, memberships, registrations, newsletter subscriptions, and profile management. Data transmitted to and from their website is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. We chose their platform for the functionality they provide and their commitment to security and uptime. Please reference their security and privacy policies for more information.
Changes to this Statement
AACF may amend this privacy policy from time to time to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how AACF is protecting your information.
If you have any questions or believe that AACF has not adhered to this Statement, please contact our main office by phone at 501-371-9678 or via email at connect@aradvocates.org.
PagesMission & Annual ReportBoardStaffJobsRequest a SpeakerContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use