http://www.justjared.com/privacy/
Top Stories
Taylor Swift Drops 'Willow' Music Video, Reveals Song Meaning, Talks Co-Star & Easter Eggs!
Disney Revealed Dozens of New Projects Today - Full Recap of Every Exciting Announcement
Chadwick Boseman Will Not Be Recast in 'Black Panther 2,' Disney Announces More Details
It's Heartbreaking to Hear Lizzo Say This
Privacy Policy
Just Jared, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 06/2020
At Just Jared, Inc. (the “Company”), maintaining the trust of our users is of the utmost importance to us. We have developed this privacy policy (this “Policy”) to explain how we collect, use, share and disclose information about users of our websites located at JustJared.com, JustJaredJr.com, RawPages.com (collectively, the “Sites”), and to show our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of user privacy. We do not sell any personal or other identifying information about our users, and we do not disclose any personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. We also do not and will not provide personal information about our users to any third parties that do not have a legitimate need for that information in connection with their business relationship with the Company.
We may, however, collect certain information from our users; we do this so that our users can access the Sites and learn about the services, promotions and software products that we may offer or advertise from time to time (collectively, the “Services”), and learn how to participate in and take advantage of products, services and information we may offer via those Services. This Policy describes the information that the Company may collect, as well as the ways in which we may use and share that information.
This Policy will be posted on and/or accessible from the Sites, and will also be accessible from within any other website, mobile application or software platform that the Company owns and operates and that collects and uses information in the manner described herein. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THE COMPANY WORKS WITH, AND IN MANY CASES RELIES UPON, THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, MANY OF WHOM PROVIDE TECHNOLOGY THAT SUPPORTS THE COMPANY’S SERVICES, OR PROVIDE ADVERTISING AND OTHER CONTENT USING THE COMPANY’S SERVICES. THESE THIRD PARTIES OPERATE THEIR OWN WEBSITES AND APPLICATIONS, AND THESE THIRD PARTIES WILL HAVE THEIR OWN PRIVACY PRACTICES AND POLICIES, WHICH MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE COMPANY’S POLICIES AND PRACTICES. IN ADDITION, THE COMPANY MAY FROM TIME TO TIME OFFER APPLICATIONS, PLATFORMS OR OTHER SOFTWARE PRODUCTS WITH INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES THAT DIFFER FROM THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, AND THESE OTHER PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WILL HAVE THEIR OWN PRIVACY POLICIES. ANY TIME THE SITES OR OUR OTHER SERVICES REFER OR LINK YOU TO WEBSITES OPERATED BY THIRD PARTIES OR TO COMPANY PRODUCTS WITH DIFFERENT PRIVACY POLICIES, OR PROVIDE YOU WITH URLS OR OTHER INFORMATION SO THAT YOU CAN ACCESS THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR SUCH COMPANY PRODUCTS, IT WILL BE YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ AND CONFIRM YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THE PRIVACY POLICIES AND PRACTICES OF ANY AND ALL SUCH WEBSITES, PRODUCTS, APPLICATIONS AND SOFTWARE, WHETHER YOU ACCESS THEM USING THE SERVICES OR FROM OUTSIDE THE SERVICES BASED ON INFORMATION YOU MAY HAVE OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY PRIVACY COLLECTION PRACTICES OR POLICIES, WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN TO THE COMPANY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ACCURATELY DISCLOSED BY THOSE THIRD PARTIES.
Important Notices
Notice Concerning Children
PLEASE NOTE: Our Sites and Services are intended for a general audience. We operate a business that is targeted at adult customers and users only, and we do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a user of any Site or Services is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information that might be stored about that user. In addition, if we have actual knowledge that a user of any Site or Services is between 13 and 16 years of age, we will obtain that user’s affirmative opt-in consent before taking any action that would constitute a “sale” of that user’s personal information under any applicable laws.
Notice Regarding International Users
Our Sites and Services are hosted in, and are directed at users from, the United States. Information we maintain may be stored both within and outside of the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. The Company and its Services are subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as the laws of other countries (which may include the laws of your country if you are outside the United States).
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Third Parties
We may allow other companies to provide analytics services, serve advertisements and offer other functionality (such as user comments, social media posting or other sharing features) on our behalf on the Site or through our Services. These companies utilize certain technologies (including cookies, which are described in more detail below, as well as web beacons, device identifiers, and other data collection technologies) to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to and use of the Sites, the Services, and other web sites and applications. This information may be used by the Company and its business partners to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Site or Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. If you would like more information about these practices or to opt out of having this information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to provide targeted ads, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/. https://www.youronlinechoices.com or http://youronlinechoices.eu/, DAA Consumer Opt-Out Page, NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page and Google’s information page.
When you use our website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner/service provider, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of this use, please visit here https://liveramp.com/opt_out/).”
You can also disable cookies via the settings of your browser:
Edge
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
To opt out of Google ads, please follow the directions here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
You can opt out of personalized ads from Google here:https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Additional partners also allow you to opt out here:
Skimlinks for auto-generated affiliate links. To opt out please go here: http://optout.skimlinks.com/?tested=1
Spot IM our third-party commenting platform. You can opt out here: https://www.spot.im/privacy/
GumGum is our in-image advertising partner. You can opt out here: https://gumgum.com/opt-out
Collection and Use of Information
Personal Information. As used in this Policy, “Personal Information” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household, or that otherwise can be used, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information, to identify a particular individual or household. A user’s Personal Information includes (without limitation) his or her name, address, telephone number, and email address, as well as any and all other information that may be legally defined as Personal Information. Personal Information may also include information about activities or activity level, achievements or other usage statistics or accomplishments, and information about a user’s location, age, gender or other potentially identifying features, to the extent that the user elects to share any of that information with us, or to provide us with access to any of that information that may be stored on or otherwise available from his or her computer, phone or other device from which he or she accesses or communicates with a Site or any of the Services. For clarity, Personal Information does not include any deidentified information or any aggregate consumer information, as those terms (or any similar terms) are defined by applicable law.
In operating the Sites and the Services, our practice is to collect limited Personal Information from our users, and only where and to the extent necessary, so that we can deliver to our users the Sites as well as any Services they are interested in using. From time to time, users of the Sites may be given the opportunity to enter or participate in sweepstakes or contests that are promoted from one or more of the Sites, and we may collect Personal Information in connection with those sweepstakes or contests, and then share Personal Information with third parties who are administering those sweepstakes or contests. You should not enter any sweepstakes or contest without first reading the rules applicable to that sweepstakes or contest to ensure that you understand and agree with how any Personal Information that you provide may be used. You always have the option not to provide us with any Personal Information, or to limit the Personal Information that you provide us or allow us to access, as well as the right to request that we change whether and/or how we access, store or use your Personal Information (for those rights, please see the section entitled “Your Privacy Rights,” below), but you understand that any such restriction or limitation, or any exercise of such rights, may affect your ability to take advantage of the Sites and all of the Services that we offer.
We may also allow you to connect with certain third-party platforms and social media services (such as LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and other similar services). If you do use the Sites or the Services to connect to a third-party service, please make sure you are familiar with and in agreement with the ways in which that third-party service will share your personal information. Similarly, if you decide to provide information to those third-party services, the information you provide will not be under our control, and will instead be subject to the privacy policies and other terms of use of those third-party services. It is your responsibility to control whether your activities and information from the Sites or our Services are provided to third-party services.
If you do elect to provide Personal Information to us, the Personal Information we collect and store will be used for one or more of the purposes specified below:
• Email Subscriptions and Surveys. The Sites may offer you the option to receive news, updates and promotional information by email, and if you want to be on any such mailing list and receive informational and promotional emails or other regular informational communications from us, you will need to give us an email address to which we can send those communications. From time to time we may ask you to participate in optional surveys, which may ask for other personal information such as your age, gender, occupation or location, but you will always have the option not to provide us with that information.
• Contact Us. We provide our users with a number of ways to contact us, so that they can reach us with their comments and questions. Our Sites may have a “Contact Us” page that includes a contact email address, and may also include a message form that you can complete in order to contact us directly from the website. We also expect to maintain a presence on Twitter, LinkedIn and perhaps Facebook and Instagram, as well as other social media and business networking platforms. If you communicate with us by email, even if you have not previously provided us with your email address, we will use your email address if necessary in order to respond to you, and we may retain your email address in our files during and for a period after the time that we are in communication. We do not control the terms of use or privacy policies for any social media platforms in which we participate, and it will be solely your responsibility to familiarize yourself with their information collection practices and only communicate with us and/or disclose personal information via social media (which will be collected by the third-party social media platform operators, and not by us) if you are in agreement with those information collection practices.
• Other Notices: If you provide us with an email address, we may use that address to let you know about changes to this Policy or to our terms of use, or to contact you about specific Company-related issues or your use of the Sites and the Services generally, or to reply to any support issues or other questions. Any time we send you an email, it will include an unsubscribe link, so that you can request that we do not send you any more emails. If you enable notifications via any Service that allows for notifications, then you will receive those notifications (which may take the form of badges, banners, alerts or any other notice format available on the applicable computing device) that you have authorized the device to provide.
• Anonymous Information. “Anonymous Information” refers to information that is deidentified or is part of aggregate consumer information, or that otherwise cannot reasonably identify, relate to, describe, be capable of being associated with or be linked, directly or indirectly, to a particular individual. We may collect and use Anonymous Information about our users in any of the following ways:
• Automatic Collection and Analytics: Our servers can automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and IP addresses and may also identify a user’s computer/mobile device type and connection information, as well as information about browser type and browser settings and (where possible) geographic location. We also may use Google analytics to track user traffic to our website. No Personal Information about you is revealed in this data collection and tracking process. We may also use clear gifs (also known as web beacons) and other methods to gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving our Sites or other Services we offer. Clear gifs may also be used in email messages that we send, so that we can track whether recipients have opened those messages.
• Cookies. From time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to a Site. We do not set any Personal Information or personally identifiable information in cookies (but see the explanation of cookies under “Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information,” below, for an explanation of the ways that certain cookies may use your browser or internet device in order to recognize or identify you when you visit the Sites or use the Services), nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on the Sites or in the Services other than cookies. Cookies can help us learn which areas of the Sites and which of the Services are useful and which Site areas or Services need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser and/or in your computing device, and you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies by using our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button, as described in more detail in the section entitled “Your Privacy-Related Rights,” below. However, if you choose to disable these functions, your experience at the Sites or with the Services may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended. Promotions or advertisements displayed via the Sites or the Services may also contain cookies, and we do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers when you click on any such promotions or advertisements.
• Security and Bug Tracking. We expect the Sites and Services to include features that will help us track down bugs and crashes; some of these features will include reports that are generated by our users’ devices, and these reports include information about device type, capabilities, and other software running at the time of the crash. You will have the option whether or not to provide this information to us, and it will always be provided to us anonymously. This information will never include Personal Information and never be identifiable by use, and we will use this information for our development, debugging and other quality improvement efforts.
Additional Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In addition to the uses and disclosures described above, we may disclose Personal Information if we determine that we are required to do so:
• To comply with applicable laws, or with legal process served on us;
• To protect or defend our rights or the rights of any of our users or business partners;
• To enforce our terms of use or other agreements; or
• To protect anyone’s rights, property or safety (including our own).
In addition, in order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell our company or portions of the Company or sell or buy portions of other companies or assets, including information we collect through the Sites and the Services. If the Company or its assets should ever be acquired a third party, then we expect that our database of user information (including any Personal Information contained therein) would be one of the assets sold in such a transaction, and we would ask that the buyer notify you of any changes to this Policy after the sale closes.
We may revise this Policy from time to time – e.g., to keep up with changes in the law, or to reflect changes in how we are doing business. The Sites and all Services that are governed by this Policy will always include our most up-to-date privacy policy, and we include an effective date at the top of the Policy, so you can quickly see when we last updated the Policy. Any updates or modifications to this Policy will be effective as soon as we post the updated privacy policy to the Sites or in any of the Services, and it is your responsibility to review this Policy periodically to make sure you continue to be in agreement with all of its terms.
Security of Your Information
We maintain a variety of reasonably security procedures and practices, both technical and organizational, which provide a level of security appropriate to the Personal Information that we process. We evaluate these procedures and practices on a regular basis to confirm that they continue to maintain and apply the appropriate level of security. In addition, any Personal Information that we process will be accessible only by those of our employees and agents who have a need to access that information, who are aware of its confidential nature, and who are contractually obligated to maintain the confidential nature of that information.
Your Privacy-Related Rights
You can notify us at any time that you want to terminate your account with us, or terminate our storage of your Personal Information, and within a commercially reasonable time following receipt of that notice (and otherwise in accordance with all applicable privacy laws, which may include those described below), we will remove all information about you from our database, at which point you will no longer receive email notices and updates from us, and you may experience certain changes in the way the Sites or the Services operate for you. Please note that, due to email production schedules and lead times, your account may not be disabled immediately, and you may receive emails that were already in production or scheduled for delivery at the time that you made changes to your email subscriptions or other information. In addition, we will retain information provided to us in connection with any purchase made using the Sites or the Services in order to complete and deliver the purchase, and for our record keeping purposes.
In addition to the foregoing, by law you may have the right to control the online use of your Personal Information in other specific ways. For example, California residents are given a number of rights regarding the use of their Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (or “CCPA”).
If you are a California resident, this section applies to you and you are entitled to exercise those rights provided by the CCPA (some of which are described below), to the extent applicable to the Sites or our Services; this section and the rights described below may also apply to you if you reside outside of California but live in a jurisdiction with similar laws. The rights provided to California residents by the CCPA include the following:
• Right to Know and Access: You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your request in accordance with the CCPA, we will disclose to you the information required by the CCPA in accordance with the timelines provided by, and pursuant to the other requirements of, the CCPA.
• Right to Request Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information we have collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request in accordance with the CCPA, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records in accordance with the CCPA, unless an exception applies.
• Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information:
We do not sell your Personal Information (or any other information we collect from our users) for money, but we and our business partners use tracking technologies to help us to understand how you visit and view the Sites and the Services, to enhance your online experience, and to customize our offerings in ways that may be deemed a “sale” of Personal Information under the CCPA. This includes working with third parties such as ad networks that collect Personal Information via tracking technologies to serve personalized advertisements on and off the Sites, and to provide us with certain data collection, reporting, and response measurement services. To the extent we or our partners use such technologies on the Sites or in the Services, we offer an opt-out that is available to all users via the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button found at the bottom of each page on the Sites. If you wish to opt-out of the use of these cookies and other tracking technologies on the Sites and in the Services, please click this “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button, which will open a popup, from which you can manage your cookie preferences on the Sites and in the Services; this popup, which provides information on cookies and offers certain privacy opt-out choices, reads as follows:
When you visit our Sites, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the Sites work as you expect them to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the Sites and the Services we are able to offer. You can click below to change the setting for Sale of Personal Data according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies, as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our Sites (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used, you can follow this link: More information.
First-Party Strictly Necessary Cookies (Always Active): These cookies are necessary for the Sites to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for Services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Sites will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Sale of Personal Data (Eligible for Opt In/Out via toggle switch in popup): Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties. The cookies described below, which will be disabled if you opt out, collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of Personal Information by using the toggle switch that appears in the popup. If you opt out, we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your Personal Information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact us for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using any of the methods described in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy.
In addition, if you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), then legally we are required to take that as a valid request from you to opt-out of the cookies described below. Therefore, we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. If you opt out of the sale of your Personal Information, we will disable the following cookies:
Targeting Cookies. These cookies may be set through our Sites by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not directly store personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Sites. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our Sites, and will not be able to monitor their performance during your visits.
Please note that you will need to opt out again if you visit the Sites from a different device or browser, or if you clear the cookies in the browser from which you clicked the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button in order to opt out.
Additional Information
We understand that some users may have enabled a “do not track” feature in their web browsers; however, consistent with and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we currently do not honor any “do not track” requests sent from a web browser.
This is our online privacy policy and applies only to information that we collect through the Sites and our other Services that include this Policy, and not to any information that may be collected offline.
Any time you have any questions about this Policy, or about our privacy practices in general, please email us at privacy@justjared.com and we will get back to you as quickly as possible.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information please contact us and our Data Protection Officer at privacy@justjared.com
By using our Sites, our Services and the content and features that we offer, you are providing us with your consent to this Policy, and if at any time you are not in agreement with this Policy, you must immediately end your use of the Sites and our other Services and of any content or features we offer.
Kathryn Newton Joins 'Ant-Man 3' As Paul Rudd's Daughter!Kathryn Newton has joined the ever-growing Marvel family! The 23-year-old Big Little Lies actress...
Taylor Swift's 'Willow' Video Is Here & She Revealed...The music video for Taylor Swift‘s new song “Willow” has been released along with...
Marvel Releases 'Ms Marvel' Sizzle Reel Featuring Star Iman...Marvel is giving fans a little look inside it’s new Disney+ series Ms Marvel! During the The...
Read more on Just Jared Jr! »
'Friday' Star Tommy 'Tiny' Lister Dead at 62
Brandon Bernard Executed in Texas, After Kim K's Pleas Fall...
Rep. Andre Carson Says He'll Get Vaccine, Black Community's...
Every Major MCU, Star Wars & Disney Update: Spinoffs,...
Jersey Shore Recap: Here's How Deena Finally Found Out...
Chrissy Teigen Wants to Know What the Hell This Is
JJ: Latest Posts
Chandra Wilson Talks About How Much...
Lukas Gage Hits the Beach in Hawaii...
Kid Cudi Releases Final Album in 'Man...
Taylor Swift Answers Tons of Questions...
Britney Spears Teams Up with...
Taylor Swift Drops 'Willow' Music...
Taylor Swift: 'Evermore' Album Stream...
JJ: Page 2
Disney+ to Raise Price in March 2021...
'Friday' Actor & Former Pro...
'Vampire Diaries' Star Candice King...
Kim Kardashian Reacts After Brandon...
Joe Biden & Kamala Harris Named...
Maria Menounos Reveals Both of Her...
Jamie Dornan Reveals His Favorite Film...
Just Jared Jr.
Kathryn Newton Joins 'Ant-Man 3' As...
Taylor Swift's 'Willow' Video Is Here...
Marvel Releases 'Ms Marvel' Sizzle...
Taylor Swift Releases New Album...
Candice King Announces Birth of Second...
Chris Evans To Voice Buzz Lightyear In...
Disney Confirms Jacob Tremblay,...
© 2005-2020 Just Jared, Inc. ||
Main
About Us
Advertise With Us
FAQ
Contact
Terms
Privacy Policy
Return to Mobile