https://www.thegroundcrew.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://thegroundcrew.com
Email Collection:
We respect your privacy.  You can visit this website (theGroundCrew.com), without identifying yourself or revealing any Personal Information.
We do not collect your email address or other Personal Information unless you contact us by email, or subscribe to our Newsletter.
Subscribing to our newsletter list includes providing your first name and email address to our direct mailing list. We always give you the option to opt out of receiving our direct email by use of the Unsubscribe link on the bottom of the email.
Contact Form
The Contact Us form used on this website contains your name and email address.  When receiving your name and email address by use of the Contact Us form, we do not store or add your name or email address to our direct mailing list.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Third Party Links
This website contains links to other websites. If you click on a hyperlink that you find on our website, you may leave our website or send information to a different website or application. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with third-party websites or applications, even if you find a link to them on or access them through our website. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of each website you visit.
Data Retention
Data is not retained on this website. You email is used only if you subscribe to the Newsletter list. We will not share or sell your Personal Information to others unless we have your permission or are required by law.
Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Contact via email
Please do not include financial or other sensitive information in your emails to us through the contact form.
Purchase or Donation Information
Purchases or donations made on this website are transacted through PayPal at your discretion. Any information you provide to PayPal will be subject to their privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for PayPal’s use of information.