http://www.quartetcf.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Quartet Community Foundation (Quartet) we’re committed to protecting any personal data you share with us, or that we receive from other organisations and keeping it safe. This policy governs all pages hosted at www.quartetcf.org.uk.  It does not apply to pages hosted by other organisations to which we may link and whose privacy policies may differ.  Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the UK DPA [Data Protection Act] 2018 which modifies the EU GDPR by filling in the sections of the Regulation that were left to individual member states to interpret and implement), the data controller is Quartet Community Foundation. Any questions regarding this policy should be sent to info@quartetcf.org.uk or by writing to Quartet Community Foundation, Royal Oak House, Royal Oak Avenue, Bristol BS1 4GB.
Why we need your information?
Quartet is committed to working with philanthropists and philanthropic funds to meet the needs of some of the most disadvantaged in our society.  In order to be effective in its role, it has accumulated knowledge, the use of which is key to our ability to work effectively.  Our knowledge falls firmly within the definition of data and we recognise our responsibilities as stewards of that data, to use it, only for the purpose of furthering the work of the foundation, now and in the future.  We recognise and will protect your privacy.  The following policy describes how we will do this.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you:
enquire about our activities
register to receive our quarterly e-newsletter
make a donation
sign up to become an friend of Quartet / pay your Friends subscription
apply online for a grant, and any follow-up grant related communications
apply for a vacancy
attend events organised by Quartet
set up a fund
we collect information in the public domain.  Examples include information gathered from a news article or on-line media, including social media like LinkedIn or Twitter.  We may also use publicly available directories and similar information such as the Royal Mail’s National Change of Address database and Companies’ House.
We may also receive information about you from third parties.
What type of information is collected?
The personal data we collect might include your name, address, telephone number and email address. If you donate online or purchase a product from us (ie an event ticket), your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third-party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions We process your information when you:
donate
make an order ie an event ticket
subscribe to our e-newsletter
pay your Friend of Quartet membership
apply to become a Friend of Quartet
apply for a grant
complete a grant monitoring form
apply for a vacancy
set up a fund
We will keep data for as long as is needed to complete the task for which it was collected.  Relationships between donors, grantees and Quartet are often long term, and so we expect to keep your data for as long as the relationship exits, or until we no longer need it. We provide information to HMRC on Gift Aided donations since we have a legal obligation to provide this information.
How do we use your data?
to provide you with the services, products or information you have requested
administer your donation including processing Gift Aid
administer your fund
to keep a record of your relationship with us
to ensure we know how you wish to be contacted
to understand how we can improve our services, products or information (refer to our Complaints, Compliments and Comments policy in our About Us section)
Information on grantees
We collect the information described below in order to solicit and process applications for grants from Quartet:
Names and address, email, phone number and other relevant contact details and preferences
Purpose and details about an application for a grant
Any other information needed for the assessment of a grant which may include financial, family, education and employment information
Details about any grant which was made
Information about our relationship with you, correspondence, meeting notes, attendance at events etc.
Who has access?
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and to have inaccuracies in your information corrected. We will not sell or rent your information to third parties. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. We will only disclose your information should we be required to do so by law. When donating you are using our secure online facility, your donation is processed by a third party who specialise in the secure online capture and processing credit/debit card transactions.  It you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
Security of your data
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc) when transmitted normally over the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Whilst we take all possible means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit electronically to us, and you do so at your own risk.  Where we have given you a password to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential, we ask you not to share this password with others. We keep your data secure in our database with appropriate security mechanisms in place. In principle we do not share your data with anyone else or any other organisation unless it is necessary for the purpose for which you have given us the data.  Examples are given below:
We will provide information to HMRC on Gift Aided donations as we have a legal obligation to provide this information.
We will share information on grant applicants with grant panel members and donors.  These are volunteers working with Quartet.  We will also publish data on grant recipients for groups/organisations (amounts/name of group/purpose) but we anonymise details for any individual grantees.
We may share basic information on the attenders at an event or function or meeting with the host or other person who is a volunteer with Quartet.
We may pass data to other organisations, known as Data Processors, to provide specific services to us.  An example would be providing data to a mailing house in order to send a newsletter.  A contract is always in place with a Data Processor, and they are not allowed to do anything with your data other than that which we have requested.
Some of our suppliers run their operations outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).  Although they may not be subject to the same data protection laws as companies based in the UK, we will take steps to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK data protection law.  By submitting your personal information to us you agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside of the EEA.
Our responsibilities
The law requires us to tell you the basis on which we process your data.
Some activities (for example sending you emails which promote Quartet) require your consent.  If the law requires your consent to process data in a certain way then we will obtain it before carrying out that activity.
Other activities are carried out to fulfil a contract or agreement.  Examples include holding funds which are subject to a Fund Agreement or organising a ticketed event.  Each requires us to know who you are and to process your information in order to do the thing you have asked us to do.  If a contract is in place then we will process your data based on that contract.
In all other cases the law allows us to process your data if it is in our legitimate interest to do so, but only so long as we need to and your “interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms are not overriding”.  Practically speaking this means we carry out an exercise to check that we will not cause your harm by processing your data, that the processing is not overly intrusive and that we will only do so in a way which is described in this privacy notice.
We will keep data for as long as is needed to complete the task for which it was collected.  Relationships between donors, grantees and Quartet are often long term, and so we expect to keep your data for as long as that relationship exists, or until we no longer need it.
Your Rights
The law requires us to tell you that you have a variety of rights about the way we process your data.  These are as follows:
Where our use of your data requires consent, you may withdraw this consent at any time.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process data, you may ask us to stop doing so.
You may request a copy of the data we hold about you.
You may change or stop the way in which we communicate with you or process data about you, and if it is not required for the purpose you provided it, then we will do so.  Activities like processing Gift Aid donations, or managing Fund Agreements, may mean we can not entirely stop processing your data.  We will always endeavour to comply with such a request however.
If you are not satisfied with the way we have processed your data then you can complain to the Office of the Information Commissioner.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, about the way in which we process your data, or if you wish to change the way we use your data, including how we communicate with you, then please contact us: Operations Manager, Quartet Community Foundation, Royal Oak House, Royal Oak Avenue, Bristol BS1 4GB T: 0117 9897700 E: consent@quartetcf.org.uk   Privacy Policy updated and approved by the Board of Trustees, December 2017.