https://www.animalsandsociety.org/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
Pinterest About ASIAbout UsFacts About ASIASI TimelineHighlights of Our WorkStaff MembersBoard MembersFinancesNewsNewsNew ResearchEventsGet InvolvedASI ResourcesNewsletter ArchiveHuman-Animal Relationship Awareness WeekMembershipJoin UsLog inRenew your MembershipMembers DirectorySupport ASIDonate NowMonthly GivingHow To Donate To ASIPlanned GivingOther Ways to Support ASITributesRaise Funds for the Animals and Society InstituteGet InvolvedStoreContact UsDonateHomeAnimals & Society Institute Online Privacy PolicyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website (www.animalsandsociety.org and the pages therein) and not to information collected offline. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. By using our site, you affirm that you are at least 13 years old and consent to ASI’s privacy policy.The Animals & Society Institute (ASI) respects the privacy of our users. We also understand that information security can be a confusing topic. Below we explain what data we and our authorized third parties collect, how and if it is stored, how it is used, and how we protect it. If you have any questions about this policy please free to contact us at info@animalsandsociety.org.The information that ASI collects from you depends on how you interact with ASI and our website. Depending on your browser settings, simply visiting ASI’s website will generate HTTP cookies. Cookies are small files that a site and/or its service provider* transfers to a users’ computer via a web browser that enables the site and/or service provider systems to recognize your browser and save preferences for future visits to our website. ASI uses cookies to help compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off some or all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.(*ASI’s website hosting service provider is Network Solutions, which is owned by Web.com. Click here to view their privacy policy.)Additionally, ASI and/or authorized third party applications collect information from you when you take certain actions on our site including, but not limited to: placing an order in our store, joining as a member, making a donation, subscribing to our newsletters etc. The information collected, as well as by whom it is collected, will depend on the nature of the action taken. Below is a partial list of the most common ways in which ASI and/or authorized third parties collect information:Donations – Online donations to ASI via our website DONATE button are typically processed by GiveDirect (occasionally we may change the destination of the DONATE button to another processor like PayPal). When making a donation via GiveDirect you will be asked for: the amount of your donation, your name, your address, your email address, and your credit card number, expiration, and security code. Aside from advising ASI if your credit card has been accepted, rejected, or has expired, GiveDirect will never provide ASI with any of your credit card information. They will, however, share your name, address, email address, and any additional information that you choose to provide at the time of the donation with ASI. This includes the names and addresses provided for any acknowledgement requests for donations made “in honor of,” or “in memory of.” Although ASI may add these names to our database, our current policy is to only use this information to send an acknowledgement of your gift to the person(s) indicated. For your convenience, donor email addresses (but not those of honoree or memorial acknowledgement recipients) will be automatically added to our Constant Contact online newsletter list, however, as of May 25, 2018, all addresses added to our list will generate a verification email which will be sent to all new subscribers. Constant Contact cannot send you any newsletters if you do not respond to this verification. Click here to view the GiveDirect privacy policy.Memberships – New online Scholar, Student, Professional, and Individual memberships via our website are processed by PayPal. The initial form on our site will ask for many different pieces of information such as your name, address, email address, and field, along with a number of optional items. Payment details are not collected from this initial form. All of this initial information is shared with ASI and most of it is also publicly available on your membership profile by default. The option to hide individual fields from your public profile is available under My Account > Update My Profile. Payments for new memberships are processed by PayPal. Aside from advising ASI if your credit card has been accepted, rejected, or has expired, PayPal will never provide ASI with any of your credit card information. Memberships that are set to renew annually via PayPal will be processed by PayPal on the appropriate date and a  notification of a successful or unsuccessful payment will be given to ASI. We also offer the option to renew your membership via GiveDirect (see the detail for GiveDirect for more information). For your convenience, member email addresses will be automatically added to our Constant Contact online newsletter list (this also includes any additional lists that are a part of membership), however, as of May 25, 2018, all addresses added to these lists will generate a verification email which will be sent to all new subscribers. Constant Contact cannot send you any newsletters if you do not respond to this verification. Click here to view the PayPal privacy policy.Store purchases – Ordering and payments via ASI’s online store are processed by Square. In order to complete an order Square will ask for your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit card information. Aside from advising ASI if your credit card has been accepted, rejected, or has expired, Square will never provide ASI with any of your credit card information. They will, however, share your name, address, email address, and any additional information provided at the time of checkout so that ASI can deliver your items to you. ASI may also use your email address to communicate with you about your order. For your convenience, shopper email addresses will be automatically added to our Constant Contact online newsletter list, however, as of May 25, 2018, all addresses added to this list will generate a verification email which will be sent to all new subscribers. Constant Contact cannot send you any newsletters if you do not respond to this verification. Click here to view the Square privacy policy.Newsletter subscriptions – ASI’s online newsletter lists are managed by Constant Contact. To subscribe to any of ASI’s online newsletters you must provide your first name and your email address. Additional optional information may also be provided such as your zip code or professional affiliation. All of the information collected by Constant Contact is also available to ASI. As of May 25, 2018, all addresses added to an ASI Constant Contact newsletter list will generate a verification email which will be sent to all new subscribers. Constant Contact cannot send you any newsletters if you do not respond to this verification. Click here to view the Constant Contact privacy policy.Website usage data gathering and analysis – In addition to the above described information collection, ASI also uses Google Analytics to collect data about our website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our site, which pages have been visited, time spent on each page, and also information about how you arrived on ASI’s webpage (name of search engine, search term(s) used, link from another site, etc.). ASI uses the information that is collected by Google Analytics to improve the usability of our site. When you visit the ASI website Google Analytics will record the IP address that was assigned to you at the time and date of your visit. Google Analytics does not make IP addresses available to ASI and ASI will never seek to acquire an IP address via Google Analytics, nor will we attempt to identify individuals via Google Analytics. Click here to view the Google privacy policy. External Links – ASI’s website includes links to external websites and may also include links to third party offers, products, and services. While we do our best to insure that the links leading away from our site are reputable and safe, ASI is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Email Privacy – The Council of Nonprofits does not share, trade, provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization with the following exceptions: In order to facilitate the discounted journal subscriptions that are a benefit of ASI membership (Scholar, Student, Professional, and Individual) ASI will, upon request of the publisher, share a list of eligible members. These lists are limited to names, email addresses, and membership expiration dates. ASI only shares these lists for the exclusive purpose of determining discount eligibility for journal subscriptions and does not allow the publishers to use these lists in any other way or for any other purpose.ASI uses third party printers to communicate with our supporters via postal mail. When preparing mailings, a list of names of ASI supporters, donors, members, or other individuals with whom ASI already has some kind of relationship (e.g. from a store purchase) will be shared with the printer so that they may complete the maling. These lists are limited to names and postal addresses. Occasionally ASI may use multiple lists that are segmented by various donation data, but ASI will never share actual donation information (amounts, dates, etc.) with our printer. ASI only shares these lists for the exclusive purpose of sending postal mail and does not allow our printers to use these lists in any other way or for any other purpose.Right To Your Data – In compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, and other similar legislation, ASI acknowledges the right of users, including but not limited to: members, donors, newsletter subscribers, and purchasers, of the ASI website, to request access to, removal of, and/or update their personal information as stored in ASI databases. Please contact ASI directly to inquire about your data.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance – We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Changes to our Privacy Policy – If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on June 25, 2018Contacting Us – If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. Animals & Society Institute
2512 Carpenter Road, Suite 202A
Ann Arbor, MI 48108-1188
USA
info@animalsandsociety.org
Phone: (734) 677-9240Unless otherwise noted, all content on this website is copyright © 2020 The Animals and Society Institute. Please visit https://www.animalsandsociety.org/about-asi/website-reprint-and-use-policies to find out more about our reprint and use policies.Share Us OnlineRelated posts: Sign Up for ASI's Monthly NewsletterSign Up for the Human-Animal Studies Monthly ReportLike Us On Facebook
Animals & Society Institute
Like PageBe the first of your friends to like thisSociety & AnimalsCheck out the articles in Society & Animals, 28(4)The Latest Issue of Society & Animals is Out!Abstract: Black Veganism and the Animality PoliticJournal of Applied Animal Welfare ScienceThe latest issue of the Journal of Applied Animal Welfare Science (JAAWS), 24(4) is outCheck out the latest articles in the Journal of Applied Animal Welfare Science (JAAWS), 23(3)The Latest Journal of Applied Animal Welfare Science (JAAWS) Issue—Vol 23, No. 2—Is Out!New Research CornerA Moral Panic Over CatsThe Political Economy of MeatThe “Furry” Phenomenon: Characterizing Sexual Orientation, Sexual Motivation, and Erotic Target Identity Inversions in Male Furries