http://www.cov.com/en/terms-of-use
Our Website Uses Cookies
We and the third parties that provide content, functionality, or business services on our website may use cookies to collect information about your browsing activities in order to provide you with more relevant content and promotional materials, on and off the website, and help us understand your interests and improve the website.
For more information, please contact us or consult our Privacy Notice.
Your binder contains too many pages, the maximum is 40.
We are unable to add this page to your binder, please try again later.
This page has been added to your binder.
About
Careers
Pro Bono
Diversity
Offices
Events
Binder (0)
Covington & Burling LLP
Professionals
Practices and Industries
News and Insights
Global Reach
About
Careers
Pro Bono
Diversity
Offices
Events
Binder (0)
Alumni
Press
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Connect with Us
Facebook
LinkedIn
Covington on Twitter
Home
Terms Of Use
Back
Welcome to the Covington & Burling LLP website, which is owned and operated by Covington & Burling LLP, One CityCenter, 850 Tenth Street, NW, Washington, DC
20001-4956 (“Covington”). We offer this website to you subject to the following Terms of Use, which we may update from time to time without notice to you. You should review these Terms of Use from time to time because their terms are binding on you, and your use of the website constitutes your acceptance of them.
1. PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting your personal information. For more information on how your personal data will be used, please review our Privacy Policy.
2. TRADEMARK INFORMATION
Covington & Burling and other Covington & Burling logos and product and service names are trademarks of Covington & Burling LLP (the “Marks”). Without our prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner the Marks. Other logos, product and service names are the property of their respective owners, as may be indicated on the website.
3. NO RESALE OF SERVICE
The content on our website is protected by copyright, trademark, database and other intellectual property rights. We hereby grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to use our website for personal use only and subject to these Terms of Use. You must not copy, transmit, modify, distribute, make available to the public or create any derivative works from any of the content that you find on our website for commercial purposes without first obtaining our consent to do so.
4. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the website and any necessary software provided through it and used in connection with it ("Software") may contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the website or advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by us or our advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the website or the Software, in whole or in part. Software, if any, that is made available to download from the website, excluding software that may be made available by end-users through the website, is the copyrighted work of the Covington & Burling LLP and/or its suppliers. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement terms.
For any Software not accompanied by a License Agreement, we grant you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of the Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by us for use in accessing the Service. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
5. NO ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP
Nothing on our site is intended to create, and it will not create, an attorney-client relationship with you. Please note that any information you convey to Covington & Burling LLP over the Internet may not be secure, and that information conveyed prior to establishing an attorney-client relationship may not be privileged or confidential.
6. YOUR CONDUCT
You agree that you will not use our website for any purpose that is unlawful or which could interfere with or impair the operation and functionality of the site. You further agree that, when using our website, you will refrain from emailing or otherwise transmitting:
copyrighted material of which you are not the copyright owner;
information that will breach applicable laws or regulations, including data protection or privacy laws;
material which is damaging, threatening, abusive, harassing, discriminatory or defamatory in nature or which another user of our website may find objectionable;
viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful; or
content that you do not have the right to submit under any law or which would put you in breach of a contractual or fiduciary obligation (for example, confidential information learned or acquired during the course of your employment with us or information that would infringe confidentiality rights).
As a further condition of your use of our website, you agree that you will not:
impersonate any entity or organization or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or organization; or
advertise, sell, offer to sell or buy goods or services or engage in solicitation or promotional activity, except in those areas of our website that have been specifically designated for such purposes.
In addition to the above, you agree that you are bound by, and will comply with, all local laws, regulations and rules to which you are subject and which regulate your use of the Internet.
7. VIRUS, HACKING AND OTHER OFFENSES
You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our website. You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. You must not take any action that imposes an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on the website’s infrastructure. You must not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website or any activity being conducted on the website. You must not use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including, without limitation, browsers, spiders, robots, avatar’s or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the website other than the search engine and search agents available from the website and other than generally available third-party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer). You must not attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up part of the website.
By breaching this provision, you may commit a criminal offense under applicable laws. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will cooperate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
8. NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
identification of the allegedly infringing material on the Website that is requested to be removed;
your name, address, and daytime telephone number, and an email address if available, so that Covington & Burling LLP may contact you if necessary;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the signatory is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed; and
an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner’s behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement.
Our Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached at webmaster@cov.com.
We will remove any content that infringes upon the copyright of any person under the laws of the United States upon receipt of such a statement (or, more specifically, any statement in conformance with 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)). United States law provides significant penalties for submitting such a statement falsely.
9. ACCESS TO OUR ALUMNI WEBSITE
Only alumni and current attorneys of Covington & Burling LLP may access our alumni website.
In order to access the alumni website, you must obtain access to the World Wide Web, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees associated with such access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer and modem or other access device. We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the alumni website without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason our alumni website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You agree that you will provide true, accurate, and current information about yourself. You can request that your personal information not be displayed on the site. If you provide us with information that we reasonably believe to be untrue, inaccurate, or no longer current, we may remove such information from our alumni website, terminate your account, and deny you access to our alumni website.
9.1 USER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD, AND SECURITY.
As a current or former Covington & Burling attorney, you will be provided with a username and asked to select a password, which together constitute your account log-in information. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account log-in information and for any and all activities that occur under your username. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
9.2 INFORMATION YOU POST ON THE SITE
You agree to bear all risks and liability associated with the posting of any information you voluntarily provide to us through our website. By making any such submission, you are granting us, our affiliates, sublicensees, and successors and assigns, a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to use your submission for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, the rights to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, reformat and preserve the information. We specifically reserve the right to use the information that you submit in connection with promoting Covington & Burling LLP.
9.3 LINKING TO OUR ALUMNI WEBSITE
You may link to our alumni website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. Our alumni website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our alumni website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw without notice your permission to link to our alumni website.
9.4 LINKS FROM OUR ALUMNI WEBSITE
Where our alumni website contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
10. INFORMATION WE PROVIDE THROUGH THE SITE
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS.” WE ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TIMELINESS, DELETION, IMPROPER DELIVERY, OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY USER COMMUNICATION OR PERSONALIZATION SETTING. THE MATERIAL DISPLAYED ON OUR WEBSITE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY GUARANTEES, CONDITIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO ITS ACCURACY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE AND THIRD PARTIES CONNECTED TO US HEREBY EXPRESSLY EXCLUDE:
ALL CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES AND OTHER TERMS WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE BE IMPLIED BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW OR THE LAW OF EQUITY.
ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED BY ANY USER IN CONNECTION WITH OUR WEBSITE OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR RESULTS OF THE USE OF OUR WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT AND ANY MATERIALS POSTED ON IT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LIABILITY FOR: LOSS OF INCOME OR REVENUE; LOSS OF BUSINESS; LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONTRACTS; LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS; LOSS OF DATA; LOSS OF GOODWILL; WASTED MANAGEMENT OR OFFICE TIME; OR FOR ANY OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND, HOWEVER ARISING AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
11. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, our partners, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising from or connected with any information you submit, post, or transmit through our site, your use or misuse of our website, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
12. TERMINATION
We reserve the right to terminate your account for any reason including, without limitation, prolonged lack of use, violation of applicable laws or breach of these Terms of Use. You agree that any termination of your account may be effected without prior notice. You further acknowledge that we will not be liable to you for any termination of your access to or use of our website. Sections 2, 3, 4, 9.2, 10, and 11 of the Terms of Use shall survive termination.
13. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
These Terms of Use and your use of our website shall be governed by the laws of the District of Columbia without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. Any legal action or proceeding related to this website shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in the District of Columbia.
14. MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then such provision shall be severable without affecting the enforceability of all remaining provisions. We reserve the right to alter or delete materials from this website at any time at its discretion.
15. VARIATIONS
We may revise these Terms of Use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these Terms of Use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our website.
16. YOUR CONCERNS
If you have any concerns about the material which appears on our website, please contact us.
Thank you for visiting our website.