https://www.getmejustice.com/privacy-center/cookie-policy/
Cookie PolicyWhat is a Cookie?Cookies are small text files, created by the website visited, that contain data. They are stored on the visitor’s computer to give the user access to various functions. Both session cookies and non-session cookies are used on this website (the “Site”). A session cookie is temporarily stored in the computer memory while the visitor is browsing the website. This cookie is erased when the user closes their web browser or after a certain time has passed (meaning that the session expires). A non-session cookie remains on the visitor’s computer until it is deleted.Why do we use Cookies?We use cookies to learn more about the way visitors interact with our content and help us to improve the experience when visiting our Site.Site FunctionalityThe share function is used by visitors to recommend our Site and content on social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. Cookies store information on how visitors use the share function – although not at an individual level – so that the Site can be improved. If you do not accept cookies, no information is stored.For some of the functions within our Site we use third party suppliers, for example, when you visit a page with videos embedded from or links to YouTube. These videos or links (and any other content from third party suppliers) may contain third party cookies and you may wish to consult the policies of these third party websites for information regarding their use of cookies.Cookies we Use:This Site uses Google Analytics which use cookies. At the aggregate level, cookies store information on how visitors use the Site, including the number of pages displayed, where the visitor comes from, and the number of visits, to improve the website and ensure a good user experience. If you do not accept cookies, no information is stored.How to reject Cookies?We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about a visitor.However you can choose to reject or block the cookies set by {yourwebsite} by changing your browser settings – see the “Help function” within your browser for further details. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies so if you do not wish cookies to be used, you may need to actively delete or block the cookies.For information on the use of cookies in mobile phone browsers and for details on how to reject or delete such cookies, please refer to your mobile phone manual.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. I accept I decline Privacy Center Privacy Settings Cookie Policy