http://www.monstercolors.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Search
0
Press space bar to toggle menu
REQUEST CALLBACK
Search
My account
0
You have 0 items in your cart
My shopping cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Home
PVC Paint
Automotive
Custom Paint
Paint Per Litre
Military Paint
Farrow & Ball
Monster Paint
Masonry Paint
Cellulose Paint
High Temp Paint
Fluorescent Paint
Flexithane Marine
Monster Thinners
Primer & Lacquers
Safety & Accessrories
Replacement Nozzles
Wood Stains & Varnish
Special Discounted Offers
Damaged Stock Sale Items
Gallery
© 2020 Monstercolors
Menu is closed
Join our mailing list!
Receive special offers, Discount codes, and more!
Join our mailing list
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Monstercolors website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your account on Monstercolors. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at info@monstercolors.com.
Cookies
Read Monstercolors policy on using cookies, including a list of the cookies we use.
What are cookies?
Changes to this Cookie Policy
Cookie consent
What types of cookies are there?
What Third Party cookies does Monstercolors website use?
Other Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are widely used tiny pieces of software (files) that are installed on a computer or mobile device via the browser (e.g. Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer, Apple Safari, Google Chrome, or Firefox) when an individual visits a website.
Cookies allow websites to recognise that a user on an individual computer has previously visited the site. The cookies save some information about that user for when they access the site again in the future.
By using and browsing the Monstercolors website, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with our policy. If you do not consent, you must turn off cookies or refrain from using the site.
Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this, look at the 'help' menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
In keeping with legal requirements, we may need to update Monstercolors cookie policy occasionally. A recent example of this is the EU General Data Protection Regulation (or GDPR).
Cookie consent
By using our website, our social media pages (such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Instagram), subscribing to our services, and/or making a donation to us, you agree that, unless you disabled them within your internet browser, we can place the types of cookies set out below on your device and use that data in accordance with this Policy.
What types of cookies are there?
Broadly, there are 4 types of cookie:
Strictly necessary cookies.These are cookies that are essential to make a website work and enable features that users have specifically asked for. Without use of cookies, these features of the website could not operate.
Performance cookies.These cookies collect anonymous information about users for the purpose of assessing the performance of a website. Common uses include well-known web analytics tools such as Google Analytics.
Functionality cookies.These are cookies that automatically remember choices that users have previously made in order to improve their experience next time they visit a website. For example, where users select their preferred settings and layout.
Targeting or Advertising cookies.These cookies are similar to performance cookies, in that they collect information about users’ behaviour. However, this information is used at individual user level to advertise products and services to users on the basis of the behavioural information collected.
What Third Party cookies does Monstercolors website use?
In order for us to help understand how the Monstercolors website is used and to improve website performance, we use a number of cookies to track usage. This list below contains of the main cookies set on the Monstercolors website and for what purpose:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a product provided by Google which lets us measure the Monstercolors website performance as well as the return on investment from our digital marketing, to ensure we are providing the best service for our users.
Facebook
Facebook is a social media platform used by both individuals and organisations or different brands. Monstercolors is active on Facebook, and uses the platform to communicate to supporters through both unpaid and paid posts.
Other Cookies
Monstercolors sometimes use 3rd party agencies to advertise and bring traffic to certain parts of the site, for example where we have a specific campaign. These cookies are placed by one of our 3rd-party agencies to allow them to track the activities of visitors that that have come to the site from their adverts.
In addition, some of Monstercolors website pages feature embedded content from third party websites, such as YouTube video content, Instagram and Twitter content, and/or Facebook.
© 2020 Monstercolors
American Express
Apple Pay
Google Pay
Maestro
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Visa
REQUEST CALLBACK