http://www.campbellcompany.com/privacy_policy
Campbell & Company
Nonprofit Services
Harnessing the power of philanthropy to advance your work.
Explore our services
Fundraising
Smart strategies to move the needle.
Communications
Fundraising messaging that inspires.
Executive Search
Guidance as you find your next standout leader.
Strategic Information Services
Your data, harnessed for good.
Beam Insights
Fundraising planning software delivering real-time insights.
Our Work
Sectors
Events & Resources
Illuminating the brightest ideas in philanthropy and talent management.
Explore our insights & events
Read
Blogs: practical advice, trending topics, and more.
Dive Deeper
Original research and detailed how-to guides.
Watch
Webinar recordings and other video content.
Attend
Upcoming events and webinars.
Learn
On-demand training for nonprofit professionals.
About Us
Collaborating and innovating since 1976.
Read more about our firm
Team
Meet our team of passionate professionals.
Careers
Join the Campbell & Company team.
Contact
Get in touch with us today.
Learn more about Beam Insights
Nonprofit News
Speak with Us
Campbell & Company Privacy Policy
Campbell & Company respects your privacy and is committed to the security of the data we process. This website privacy policy notice provides information on how we collect and process website data and is organized into eight sections.
Purpose of Data Processing
How We Get Data
Data We Process
Legal Basis for Data Processing
Use of Data After Processing
Rights of the Individual
Contacting Campbell & Company
Updates to this Privacy Policy Notice
1.   Purpose of Data Processing
Our website’s main goal is to introduce ourselves to you. We review data about how our website is performing to make sure we are making ourselves most accessible. Additionally, we provide opportunities for our website visitors to express interest in getting further information about our company.
2.   How We Get Data
Data from the website is received in two ways:
By automation. When a visitor comes to our site, data related to the site’s performance and their interaction with the website (including cookie-based information) is shared.
Through direct entry by you as the visitor.
3.   Data We Process
The categories of data that we collect are outlined in the table below. The table is organized into four parts:
Category: The type of data that we are collecting
Direct/Indirect: How the data relates to individual persons: either directly or indirectly. Direct or (directly related) means that the data by itself can identify you as an individual. Indirect (or indirectly related) means that the data are related to you as an individual, but would only be able to be connected to you if other direct identifiers were also present.
Description: Details regarding the category of data collected are provided.
Purpose: Why we need to collect this data.
Category
Direct/Indirect
Description
Purpose
Cookies
Indirect
This is a piece of information that your browser provides—after you give consent—to the server hosting our website. It allows us to know the type of operating system you are using; the browser used, etc. We utilize HubSpot to track website performance. To learn more about how cookies are generated, please navigate to: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/account/how-does-hubspot-track-visitors
Cookies allow us to review the performance of the website and know our general audience better.
Form Information
Direct
We collect information such as name, employer, job title, and contact information (email/address/phone number).
We do this to be able to reach back out to you as requested for a specific purpose. (Each form declares this purpose). Examples include wanting to get more information or registering for a webinar.
Third Party Processors
Direct and Indirect
We use a third-party provider (HubSpot) to host our website, perform analytics on the site’s performance and connect data that are entered in forms on the site to our company’s Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system. For more information on HubSpot’s privacy practices, please click here.
To assist in fulfilling the processing of data so that it is done safely, securely, and efficiently.
4.   Legal Basis for Data Processing
All data processed via our website is through consent.
We ask for you to allow us to use cookies when you visit our site.
We ask for your permission to use data that you provide us through the submission of forms.
5.   Use of Data After Processing
Data obtained through cookies is retained as long as is needed.
Data obtained through our forms is kept as long as is needed and is integrated with our CRM system.
6.   Rights of the Individual
Website visitors whose data are processed by Campbell & Company have the following rights related to protecting personal information.
Right to Know: The individual constituent has a right to know how their data is collected, used, and stored.
Right to File Complaint: Individual constituents may file a complaint with Campbell & Company about concerns related to how data is being processed.
Right to Access: Individual constituents have a right to access information about data being stored about them. To request a copy of the data specific to an individual constituent, the request must be made in writing by email.
Right to Data Portability: All individual requests to access data that are approved per legal requirements will be fulfilled through a common data format. These formats will either be a comma-separated values (CSV) file or a Portable Document Format (PDF) document.
Right to be Forgotten: A constituent may request that their individual data, related to a website visit where personal information is provided, be erased. A request for erasure will be reviewed, and a decision communicated to the requestor as required by law.
7.   Contacting Campbell & Company
Questions about how personal data is processed, used, and stored can be directed to the Campbell & Company privacy team by contacting us at ccrequest@campbellcompany.com or by calling toll free at 877-957-0000.
8.   Updates to this Privacy Policy Notice
Campbell & Company reserves the right to change this privacy policy notice as needed. Notification of changes will be posted on the Campbell & Company website, www.campbellcompany.com. The date at the top of the privacy policy notice shows the date of the most recent privacy policy notice and references the date of the version it is replacing.
Work With Us
See Our Work
Join over 10,000 nonprofit professionals who receive frequent fundraising and staff management tips. Subscribe today.
Our Offices
Chicago
Los Angeles
Portland
San Francisco Bay Area
Seattle
Washington, DC
(877) 957-0000 (toll-free)
info@campbellcompany.com
Explore
Our Work
Nonprofit Services
Our Passionate Team
Insights & Events
Join Our Mission-Driven Firm
Contact Us
© 2020 Campbell & Company. | Privacy Policy
Offering support during COVID-19
Campbell & Company has been closely following the COVID-19 pandemic, and we are here to offer support to nonprofit organizations.
We created a COVID-19 resource page with advice and relevant content to help you adapt.
We are also offering 30-minute consultations at no charge for nonprofit professionals.
Dismiss