http://www.youthsection.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Owner and Data Controller
Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft
Rüttiweg 45
4143 Dornach
Schweiz
+41 61 706 42 42
Owner contact email: datenschutz@goetheanum.ch
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: email address; first name; last name; Cookies; Usage Data; phone number; profession; province; state; country; ZIP/Postal code; gender; city; address; company name; website; geographic position; various types of Data; username.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to provide its services. In cases where Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft or by the owners of third-party services used by Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Contacting the User, Displaying content from external platforms, Handling payments, Location-based interactions, Platform services and hosting, Registration and authentication, Social features, Traffic optimization and distribution, User database management, Content commenting, Managing contacts and sending messages, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Advertising and Analytics.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Direct Email Marketing (DEM) (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft uses the User Data to propose services and products provided by third parties or unrelated to the product or service provided by Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
Personal Data collected: email address.
4w MarketPlace for Publishers (4w MarketPlace srl)
4w MarketPlace for Publishers is an advertising service provided by 4w MarketPlace srl.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Italy – Privacy Policy.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Matomo (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
Matomo is an analytics software used by Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to analyze data directly without the help of third parties.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: address; city; company name; Cookies; country; email address; first name; gender; last name; phone number; profession; province; state; Usage Data; website; ZIP/Postal code.
Phone contact (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
Users that provided their phone number might be contacted for commercial or promotional purposes related to Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft, as well as for fulfilling support requests.
Personal Data collected: phone number.
Contact form (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: email address; first name; last name; website.
Content commenting
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
Comment system managed directly (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft has its own internal content comment system.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; email address; first name; last name; phone number; Usage Data; username; website.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Vimeo video (Vimeo, LLC)
Vimeo is a video content visualization service provided by Vimeo, LLC that allows Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
YouTube video widget (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft is accessed from, that allows Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Adobe Fonts (Adobe Systems Incorporated)
Adobe Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Adobe Systems Incorporated that allows Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
SOFORT (SOFORT GmbH)
SOFORT is a payment service provided by SOFORT GmbH.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: Germany – Privacy Policy.
PayPal (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Stripe (Stripe Inc)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
The interaction and information obtained through Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
YouTube button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The YouTube button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the YouTube social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn’t continuous, either at the specific request of the User or when the User doesn’t point out its current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically.
Personal Data collected: geographic position.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Campaign Monitor (Freshview Pty Ltd.)
Campaign Monitor is an email address management and message sending service provided by Campaign Monitor Pty Ltd.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft, therefore allowing the provision of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Squarespace (Squarespace, Inc)
Squarespace is a platform provided by Squarespace, Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft. Squarespace is highly customizable and can host websites from simple blogs to complex e-commerce platforms.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Stripe OAuth (Stripe Inc)
Stripe OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Stripe, Inc. and is connected to the Stripe network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Social features
Inviting and suggesting friends (Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft)
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft may use the Personal Data provided to allow Users to invite their friends – for example through the address book, if access has been provided – and to suggest friends or connections inside it.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data.
Traffic optimization and distribution
This type of service allows Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft and the User’s browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred.
Cloudflare (Cloudflare)
Cloudflare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Cloudflare Inc.
The way Cloudflare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft, i.e., communication between Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft and the User’s browser, while also allowing analytical data from Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft to be collected.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks’ profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
ActiveCampaign (ActiveCampaign, Inc.)
ActiveCampaign is a User database management service provided by ActiveCampaign, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; email address; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
ZOHO CRM (Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.)
ZOHO CRM is a User database management service provided by Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. or by ZOHO Corporation B.V, depending on the location Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft is accessed from.
Personal Data collected: email address; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Further information about Personal Data
Governs other websites
This policy governs the following websites: dasgoetheanum.com, economics.goetheanum.org, goetheanum-buehne.ch, medsektion-goetheanum.org, sozial.goetheanum.org, studium-goetheanum.org, forschungsinstitut.ch, elementedernaturwissenschaft.org, mas.goetheanum.org, paedagogik-goetheanum.ch, sbk.goetheanum.org, sektion-landwirtschaft.org, srmk.goetheanum.org, ssw.goetheanum.org, waldorf-resources.org, worldgoetheanum.org, mysteriendramen.goetheanum.org, gartenpark.goetheanum.org, meditation.goetheanum.org, kristallisationslabor.ch and youthsection.org.
MyNewsdesk
Newsroom and PR-Platform. MyNewsdesk offers mailings and postings. Personal data is used and processed. Detailed information can be found at: www.mynewsdesk.com
Paperform
Web form generator. Subscription information including Name and Email Address are collected. Detailed information can be found at: www.paperform.co/privacy
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Cookie Policy
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft uses Cookies. To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, the User may consult the Cookie Policy.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft (or third-party services employed in Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft.
Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to Goetheanum | Allgemeine Anthroposophische Gesellschaft, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: May 14, 2019
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
scroll to top