http://www.afmonline.org/privacy-security/
Adventist Frontier Missions Privacy & Security Notice
AFM knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy and security policy. By visiting afmonline.org, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy and Security Notice.
Full Disclosure
Any personal donor information obtained by Adventist Frontier Missions either online or offline is for the sole use of AFM and will not be sold or used by any other organization. We will never sell, trade, share, or rent your personal information to other charities, merchant partners, or to any other companies or individuals without your prior consent.
Why do you need my personal information?
When you make a donation, you need to provide your name, email address, credit card, and billing information. This information allows us to process and fulfill your donation and to notify you of your donation status. When making an offline donation or completing registration forms online, your mailing address and phone number may also be required.
Do you track me on your website?
Yes, we may collect your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. (An IP address is the unique number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you log onto the Internet.) We also use IP addresses to monitor visitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us further develop and improve the content and design of our site. We do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable about you.
Can I opt out of receiving information?
Yes. We recognize that your relationship with AFM is voluntary. If you make an online donation and would NOT like to receive mission-related information from AFM by regular or electronic mail, please call 1-800-937-4236 or send us a note.
How do you protect my personal information?
We protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. When you make donations, you do so using our secure server. This makes donating to AFM over the Internet as secure as donating by telephone. You can tell if you are on our secure server in two ways: a key or closed lock will be visible at the top or bottom of your browser, or “https” will appear in either the address portion of your browser or in the URL of a selected hyperlink. For protection of your data, we recommend that you use a web-browser that supports a minimum of 128-bit encryption.
What if my credit card is used fraudulently?
Your credit card is protected whenever you make a donation on afmonline.org. Most credit card companies cover all charges resulting from credit card fraud or may limit your responsibility to $50, the maximum allowed under the Fair Credit Billing Act. If your credit card is used fraudulently to make a donation to AFM, contact us immediately by calling 1-800-937-4236, and we will issue you a prompt refund.
Financial Accountability
Adventist Frontier Missions is thoroughly committed to providing faithful stewardship of the funds our friends have entrusted to us for the planting of churches in unreached people groups. We are fully aware of the sacrifices our partners make, and we faithfully commit that the funds will be used wisely. Adventist Frontier Missions engages in full financial accountability by having our records audited annually by an outside accounting firm. A financial report of this audit, listing income and expenses, is available from our office.
External Links
This website contains links to other websites. AFM is not responsible for privacy policies or content on those websites. Use external links at your own risk.
Acceptance of Privacy and Security Policy
By using this site and services, you signify your acceptance of our privacy and security policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy and Security Notice, your only remedy is to discontinue use of this site and services. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy and Security Notice at any time. If we change our policy, we will post those changes on our site so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Your continued use of any portion of the site following notification or posting of such changes will constitute your acceptance of those changes. Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you.
If you have further questions, please email us.