http://www.transparency.org/en/terms
Skip to main content
You are using an outdated browser. Most of this website should still work, but after upgrading your browser it will look and perform better.
Home
Terms of use
and disclaimer
See more information about the Transparency International website and the privacy policy.LIABILITY FOR CONTENTTransparency International e.V makes all reasonable effort to ensure that the information presented on its website is accurate at the time it is published, but accepts no liability whatsoever for correctness, reliability, topicality or completeness. Transparency International e.V assumes no responsibility for any direct or indirect loss suffered by users or third parties in connection with the use of the website.REFERRALS AND LINKSReferences or links to the content provided by external providers must be distinguished from the content of Transparency Internationals own website. By embedding links to external websites, Transparency International e.V. does not endorse these sites, their opinions or any products they may offer. At the time of linking, these websites were checked for any potential violation of rights and no illegal contents could be identified. In the event that we become aware of a violation the respective link to the website will be immediately deleted. We have no influence whatsoever over these websites and assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or legality of the content of these websites.TERMS OF USEOur comments section is a space for readers to reflect on our articles, spark debate and share ideas. It could take up to 48 hours for your contribution to appear on the site, as we review each submission before publishing it. We welcome your input, but would like to keep the discussion constructive, relevant and to the point. Here are some simple guidelines that will help us achieve that:Stick to the topic.Keep your comment as brief as possible: 500 words is the maximum.We will delete any comment we see as defamatory, inflammatory, obscene, abusive, sexist, offensive or discriminatory.We will also delete all advertising, promotional material and spam.When commenting, avoid posting any personal information like your physical address, phone numbers or email address.Don’t cut and paste from other websites, Transparency International respects intellectual property.Respect the beliefs of your fellow posters and the writer of the article. Stick to commenting on ideas, not people.This is a mainly English site. To ensure that all readers have the same opportunity to share knowledge and ideas, we encourage you to write your comments in English too.If we have to remove or change comments, an explanation will be given where possible.The content of each comment reflects the views of the poster and not those of Transparency International.We will remove any comment that incites violence, condones/encourages unlawful activities, or endangers an individual. Links to other sites which break any of the above rules will be deleted too.If you feel that another poster has ignored these guidelines, please let us know at moderator@transparency.orgUsers agree to not post materials protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity). You represent and warrant that you do not infringe on any third party’s copyright or other proprietary rights and that you have secured all necessary permission and licenses prior to contributing content to this website that does not constitute your original work of authorship.These terms of use may be updated by us at our discretion and without notice to you. If you do not agree to these conditions please do not use this website. Please revise this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to this page constitutes an acceptance of these terms on your part.Last reviewed: 2 March 2020
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter
First name *
Last name *
Email address *
Your registration is almost complete. Please go to your inbox and confirm your email address in the email we just sent to you