https://www.primerus.com/cyber-security-and-data-privacy-practice-group.htm
Cyber Security and Data Privacy Practice Group » Primerus
Menu
Home
Find a Lawyer
Find a Primerus Lawyer
Primerus Law Firms (A-Z)
Primerus Lawyers (A-Z)
Primerus Law Firms by Practice Area
Primerus Law Firms by Location
Primerus Law Firms by Language
Member Directory
Search
Institutes
Primerus Institutes
Business Law Institute - Asia Pacific
Business Law Institute - Europe, Middle East & Africa
Business Law Institute - Latin America & Caribbean
Business Law Institute - North America
Client Resource Institute
Defense Institute
Personal Injury Institute
Practice Groups
Primerus Practice Groups
Bankruptcy Law
Business Law and Dispute Resolution
Construction Law
Cyber Security and Data Privacy
Energy and Environmental Law
Family and Matrimonial Law
Government Relations
Healthcare
International Arbitration and Litigation
International Outside Corporate Counsel
International Practice Committee
International Transactional Services
Intellectual Property
Insurance Coverage and Bad Faith Defense
Labor and Employment
Liquidation of Commercial Debt
Premises Liability Defense
Product Liability Defense
Professional Liability Defense
Real Estate Law
Securities Law
Succession Law
Transportation Defense Law
Workers' Compensation Defense
Resources
Resources
Index of Resources
Legal Articles
Publications
Women Lawyers
Young Lawyers
Marketing Section
Webinar Library
Quality Satisfaction Survey
Marketplace
COVID-19 Updates
Injury Attorneys
Events
Events
Event Spotlight:
2021 Primerus Global Conference
October 23-26, 2021
Paris, France
Primerus Contact
Chris Dawe | cdawe@primerus.com
800.968.2211 | 616.454.9939
2020 Calendar of Events
List of Events
October 8, 2020
Virtual Labor & Employment Seminar
12:00 pm - 1:30 pm ET
Primerus Contact
Chris Dawe | cdawe@primerus.com
800.968.2211 | 616.454.9939
October 22, 2020
Virtual 2020 Primerus Global Meet Up
Primerus Contact
Chris Dawe | cdawe@primerus.com
800.968.2211 | 616.454.9939
November 5-6, 2020
Primerus Defense Institute Fall Seminar
Primerus Contact
Chris Dawe | cdawe@primerus.com
800.968.2211 | 616.454.9939
Newsroom
Newsroom
Business Firm News
Consumer Firm News
Defense Firm News
International Business Firm News
April 2, 2020
Primerus – Your Resource for Good and Difficult Times
Grand Rapids, Michigan, April 2020 – Despite the Coronavirus pandemic, the International Society of Primerus Law Firms is operating at full capacity in these very unusual times. (more)
November 26, 2019
Primerus Recognized as “Network Sponsor of the Year” for the Association of Corporate Counsel
Primerus was recognized and honored with the highly coveted “Network Sponsor of the Year” award, for the work done with the ACC International Legal Affairs Network (ILAN). (more)
August 29, 2018
Primerus Gives Back! – Staff Packs 3,500 lbs. of Sweet Potatoes at Feed West Michigan to Demonstrate its Commitment in Leading the Fight Against Hunger
The International Society of Primerus Law Firms’ staff spent the morning volunteering at a Feeding America facility in West Michigan.The Primerus team worked together to label, scoop, seal, pack and box 3,500 lbs. of sweet potatoes – 2 lbs. per bag! (more)
» View All News
About Us
About Us
About Us
Staff Directory
President's Message
Six Pillars
Primerus Overview (Brochure)
Why Choose Primerus? (Brochure)
Video: What is Primerus?
Video: Why hire a Primerus lawyer?
Video: Why join Primerus?
Login
Contact Us
Contact Primerus
Please leave this field empty.
* All form fields are required for contact!
Disclaimer: + Primerus and our member law firms welcome your emails, contact forms, phone calls and written letters. Contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to Primerus or its member law firms until an attorney-client relationship has been established. Thank you and we look forward to serving you.
Cyber Security and Data Privacy Practice Group
Primerus has organized a group of lawyers who provide legal consultation, at various degrees, in Cyber Security, Data Protection and Privacy Law.
Today, as more sensitive and critical information and data is collected, stored, used, and disclosed electronically, the risks have heightened for any organization. Every company in virtually every industry has cyber security and privacy concerns, including:
Cyber Attacks and Data Breaches. Data breaches of organizations of all sizes are a recurring headline in major news sources and a focus global concern.
Data Security. The growth of “hacking” incidents and the theft of sensitive and personal information and intellectual property, including information we are entrusted to keep safe for others, require affirmative steps to meet increasing legal and regulatory information safeguard requirements.
Regulation and Compliance. We face increasingly overlapping systems of international, federal, and state statutes, administrative regulations, common law, and evolving cybersecurity and privacy industry standards governing how data is collected, used, stored, and shared. Together, these present new compliance challenges as well as increased risks of potential civil and regulatory liability, financial penalties, and reputational harm.
eDiscovery. How we collect, use, and transfer data during litigation and “eDiscovery” is increasingly regulated by the courts during disputes, and the ability to collect from countries in regions such as the European Union is increasingly complex and fraught with the peril of conflicts with US litigation discovery obligations.
If your company needs assistance, you may review the roster of firms on this practice group page and contact them directly, or contact Primerus at 616-454-9959.
ChairKenneth N. Rashbaum							(view profile)
Barton LLP
711 Third Avenue							14th Floor							New York, 							NY 							10017
United States Phone: 212.687.6262
Past ChairJ. Paul Zimmerman							(view profile)
Christian & Small LLP
Suite 1800, Financial Center							505 North 20th Street							Birmingham, 							AL 							35203
United States Phone: 800.223.6159
Return to Top
Find a Primerus Lawyer
On This Page
Participant List
Alphabetical Member Directory
Alphabetical Location Directory
Cyber Security and Data Privacy Lawyers by State
AlabamaCaliforniaFloridaMarylandNew JerseyNew YorkTexasCyber Security and Data Privacy Lawyers by CountryHong Kong (SAR)