http://www.ctg.albany.edu/policies/privacy/
About
People
News
Projects
Publications
Research
Education
Privacy Policy
Summary
CTG UAlbany collects personal information from visitors to its website only when visitors voluntarily provide it.
CTG UAlbany automatically collects and stores certain non-personal information about every visit to its site. All information is strictly for CTG's use and is not shared, rented, or sold to any other organization.
CTG automatically collects information about its website visitors: domain name from which visitors access the Internet, the date and time of visit, and the linked Internet address that linked to our site.
When visitors send e-mail, those messages often include personal information, comments and questions about our site and work. The information helps tailor responses to requests and improve service. CTG strives to directly answer questions. However, staff may direct questions and/or concerns to other resources and/or offices.
When signing up for e-mail announcements, CTG collects first and last names and e-mail addresses in addition to information automatically recorded (domain names, date and time of visits, referral Internet addresses).
The CTG website has links to government, corporate, and academic partners. When linked to another site, a user leaves the CTG UAlbany site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Questions about this Privacy Statement should be sent to the compliance office.
Details
The CTG UAlbany website provides comprehensive information about projects, publications, and programs produced to improve government and public services through policy, management, and technology innovations. Our privacy policy was designed to protect website visitors.
CTG collects personal information from website visitors only when visitors voluntarily provide it. We automatically collect and store certain non-personal information about every website visit. All information is strictly for CTG's use and is not shared, rented, or sold to any other organization.
This policy is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
Information Automatically Collected - ctg.albany.edu
When visiting ctg.albany.edu, the web server automatically collects and stores the following information:
•The Internet Protocol address or hostname of the computer that accessed the website
•The type of browser, its version and the operating system on which that browser is running
•The web page from which the user accessed the current web page
•The date and time of the user's request
•The exact request for information made by the user
•The status code returned to the user
•The content length of any document sent to the user
•The request method used
•The Universal Resource Identifier (URI) and any associated query string which defines the location of a resource on the server
•The transport protocol and the version used
None of the information is deemed to constitute personal information by the Internet Privacy and Security Act.
The information that is collected automatically is used for statistical analysis, to improve ctg.albany.edu's content, and to help CTG understand how users are interacting with its website.
The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and CTG is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from ctg.albany.edu for commercial marketing purposes.
Voluntary Information
When visitors send e-mail, those messages often include personal information, as well as comments and questions about CTG’s site and work.
The information helps us tailor responses to requests and improve services.
CTG strives to directly answer questions, but if this is not possible, CTG will direct inquiries to other resources that may help.
The sender’s e-mail address and information included in the message will be used to address issues to improve this website or forwarded to another campus office for appropriate action. The e-mail address is not collected for commercial purposes and CTG is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the e-mail address for commercial purposes.
When a user signs up for CTG e-mail announcements, first and last name and e-mail addresses are collected in addition to the information automatically recorded (domain name, date and time of visit, referral Internet address).
The CTG does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in e-mail will be treated as though e-mails were submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access.
Disclosure of information collected through website
The collection of information through ctg.albany.edu and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act.
CTG will only collect personal information through ctg.albany.edu or disclose personal information collected through ctg.albany.edu if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to CTG by the user, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by CTG for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to CTG as was reasonably ascertainable from the nature and terms of the disclosure.
However, CTG may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of CTG , or necessary for CTG to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through ctg.albany.edu is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
CTG may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to CTG's information technology assets.
Retention of information collected through website
The Internet services logs, comprising electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of services provided through ctg.albany.edu, are retained indefinitely.
Access to and correction of personal information collected through ctg.albany.edu
Any user may submit a request to the University's privacy compliance officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through ctg.albany.edu. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification. The address of the privacy compliance officer is:
Privacy Compliance Officer
University at Albany
State University of New York
1400 Washington Avenue
Albany, New York 12222
The privacy compliance officer shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt of a proper request, provide access to the personal information; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that CTG has collected personal information pertaining to a user through ctg.albany.edu and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user's request, the privacy compliance officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and integrity of personal information collected
CTG is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through ctg.albany.edu against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, CTG limits employee access to personal information collected through ctg.albany.edu to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties.
Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, CTG has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of ctg.albany.edu as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of ctg.albany.edu for all users, CTG employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage ctg.albany.edu.
Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer and used by web browsers to provide a means of distinguishing among users of a website.
The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet websites.
To better serve users, ctg.albany.edu may occasionally use "session cookies" to enhance or customize visits. Session cookies, if permitted, are created automatically on the device used to access ctg.albany.edu. A session cookie is erased when the browser is closed.
CTG does not use "persistent cookies" stored permanently on computer's hard drive.
Most web browsers used to access websites allow users to refuse cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting cookies may limit some features of ctg.albany.edu.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through ctg.albany.edu.
Contact Information
Questions about CTG's Web Site Privacy Statement should be submitted to the compliance office.
For questions regarding the University's Internet privacy policy, please contact the University privacy officer via e-mail at privacy@albany.edu or by regular mail at:
Privacy Compliance Officer
University at Albany
State University of New York
1400 Washington Avenue
Albany, New York 12222
Definitions
The following definitions apply to, and appear in italics, in this policy:
Personal information: For purposes of this policy, "personal information" means any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person.
User: shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the State Technology Law.
External Links
The CTG website links to government, corporate, and academic partners. When linked to another site, users are no longer on ctg.albany.edu and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Our Office
187 Wolf Road
Suite 301
Albany, NY 12205
(518) 442-3892
8:30-4:30 Mon-Fri
Map and Directions
Information
Who We Are
What We Do
Work with Us
Our People
Job Opportunities
Website
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
Webmaster
University at Albany
1400 Washington Avenue
Albany, NY 12222
(518) 442-3300
Website
Connect with Us
facebook
twitter
youtube
mailing list
© Copyright 2018 - The Research Foundation for the State University of New York