http://www.crescentmoonyoga.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Accessible View
SUPPORT: +1 (714) 399-1450
My Account
CART
Shop Folding Cubes
Company
About Us
Contact Info
Warranty and Returns
Privacy
FAQs
Wholesale
Private label
Sale
Under $5.00
Blog
Login / Register
Wishlist
Sign In
0
close
All Categories
ExerSocks
Apparel
Bags
Accessories
Company
FAQs
Sale
Under $5.00
close
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Compare Products
Remove This Item
Compare
Clear All
You have no items to compare.
My Wish List
Last Added Items
Add to Cart
Add to Cart
Remove This Item
Go to Wish List
You have no items in your wish list.
At Crescent Moon, we value your privacy and commit to you that we will NEVER share any of the information that you entrust with us. We know the importance of your privacy and what it means to our relationship. We have taken all the steps necessary to make every transaction over our website “secure”. Our advanced data encryption systems protect your information at all times.
Our policy is very straightforward and very simple - we treat you as a friend coming into our home, and as friends, we have certain understandings. If at any time you get an email from us about ‘special offers’ or ‘news’, and would rather not receive such email, you may simply reply back with your wishes and we will never contact you again. Rest assured though that you would NEVER receive information from a third party based upon our relationship because we do not share that information. This bond, this relationship, is sacred to us and we would never risk losing you as a friend and customer.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by letting us know using our Contact Us information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us this request using our Contact Us information.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
SIGN UP AND CONNECT TO Crescent Moon
Sign up for our Newsletter & receive 10% off + free shipping*!
*Free ground shipping within the Continental US. Cannot be combined with other offers.
Sign up
Company
About Crescent Moon
Contact Info
Warranty and Returns
Privacy
Wholesale
Private Label
Blog
Shop
ExerSocks
Apparel
Bags
Accessories
Sale
Support
FAQ
Contact Us
Proposition 65
Accessibility
Free ground shipping on orders over $50 in the continental U.S. only
© 2020 Crescent Moon Yoga. All Rights Reserved.