http://www.progressflorida.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Spam Control Text:   Please leave this field empty
Go
Follow @ProgressFlorida
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use services provided on a Progress Florida website (for example:ProgressFlorida.org) as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
The following principles apply to the personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. “Personally identifying information” is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address or email address.
Data collection
We collect limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to operate, develop and improve our services.
Some of our services require you to register for an account. We ask you for some personal information in order to create an account (such as your name, email address, mailing address, and a password for your account) and we will use that information to provide the service. In the event you choose to make a donation online to Progress Florida, we request credit card information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers.
When we require personally identifying information, we will inform you about the types of information we collect and how we use it. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal information with us.
Cookies
Upon your first visit to a Progress Florida website, a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A “cookie” is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to better understand how people interact with us. We do this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people search. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Progress Florida features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Information sharing
We do not rent, sell, or share your personally identifying information or contact information to other companies, organizations or individuals. We may share such information in any of the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent.
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Progress Florida, our members or the public.
In the event of a transfer of ownership of Progress Florida such as acquisition by or merger with another organization, we will provide notice before any personally identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We may share aggregated information with others, such as the number of supporters who sign a petition. We may also provide this information to groups in our public interest network, but we will never sell your personal information or share it with outside organizations unless expressly noted.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Changes to this Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. Regardless, we will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will also provide a more prominent notice. Each version will be noted at the top of the page. Prior version of this policy will be kept in an archive for you to view.
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us at any time or at the following address:
Progress Florida1010 Central Ave. #209St. Petersburg, FL 33705
Featured Video
Latest Tweets
Tweets by ProgressFlorida