https://www.psr.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
All Categories
Toggle navigation
Issues
Our Impact
Nuclear Weapons Abolition
Disarmament & Public Health
Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons
U.S. Nuclear Weapons Policy
No First Use
Environment & Health
Clean Renewable Energy
Fracked Gas
Health Leadership on Climate
Energy Optimization
Other Issues
Nuclear Power
Toxics
Coal and Coal Ash
Get Involved
Take Action
Upcoming Events
Sign Up For Updates
Advocacy Reporting Hub
PSR Climate Ambassadors Project
Chapters
Resources
Support Us
Membership
Capstone Members
Legacy Society
Advocate
About
People
Press Room
Newsletters
Financials & Annual Report
Careers
Emerging Leaders Council
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Facebook
PSRENVIRONMENT
PSRNUCLEAR WEAPONS
Take Action
Donate
Get the Latest News
closeBecome an activist
Take Action
Donate
Privacy PolicyFacebook
PSRENVIRONMENT
PSRNUCLEAR WEAPONS
About
People
Press Room
Newsletters
Financials & Annual Report
Careers
Emerging Leaders Council
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
PSR PRIVACY STATEMENT
Physicians for Social Responsibility (PSR)’s  Privacy Policy explains why we collect particular information and how we will protect any personal information that you provide while visiting www.psr.org and non-identifying personal data collected for statistical purposes. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the PSR site.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy.
PSR reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.  By engaging with the site after the policy has been posted, you agree to abide by the terms of the policy.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the site.
Who collects such information.
How such information is used.
With whom your information may be shared.
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to psrnatl@psr.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Information provided to PSR through our Action Center and/or donor pages (including mailed donations) will not be sold, rented or exchanged
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content.
Use of Cookies
Our site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many sites. Use of cookies makes web browsing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular web. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to PSR is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of PSR. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100 percent secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our ste, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address.  PSR will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit www.psr.org.  PSR stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites:
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which PSR has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Comments, Questions or Concerns:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Physicians for Social Responsibility
1111 14th St NW Suite 700
Washington, DC 20005
202-667-4260
psrnatl@psr.org