http://www.perth.anglican.org/privacy-statement
Privacy StatementCombined ShapePathPrivacy StatementPlease read our privacy statement carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information.This privacy statement applies to all websites which are operated by the Anglican Diocese of Perth under the (sub)domains xx.perth.anglican.org and perth.anglican.org. This privacy statement explains how your personal information will be treated as you access and interact with the Anglican Diocese of Perth websites. This statement should be read in conjunction with our Disclaimer and Terms and Conditions statements.The Anglican Diocese of Perth acknowledges and respects the privacy of individuals. This online service is bound by the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), including the Australian Privacy Principles, and will comply with these principles whenever personal information as defined by the Act is collected by us online.When you look at this web site, our server or our Internet Service Provider, and Google Analytics makes a record of your visit and may log the following information for statistical purposes:your server address (which includes your top-level domain name – e.g .com, .gov, org)the date and time of your visit to the siteyour locationthe pages you accessed and documents downloadedthe previous site you have visitedthe type of browser and device you are using.The Anglican Diocese of Perth will not make an attempt to identify users or their browsing activities. However, in the unlikely event of an investigation, a law enforcement agency or other government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect our Internet Service Provider’s logs.Personal InformationWe collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or donate funds.Your e-mail address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and it will not be added to a mailing list or used for any other purpose without your consent.Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.CookiesTo improve your experience on our site, we may use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt-out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.perth.anglican.org also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to "like" or "share" information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also read our Disclaimer and Terms and Conditions statements establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our perth.anglican.org website, and/or update the Privacy Policy on this page.Contacting UsIf there are any questions, complaints or requests you may contact the Anglican Diocese of Perth Office using the information below:GPO Box W2067PERTH WA 6846 E: diocese@perth.anglican.orgP: 08 9425 7200