http://www.mcguirewoods.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Last Updated: July 21,
2020
McGuireWoods respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your
personal data. This Privacy Statement describes how we look after your personal
data collected by us when you visit our website, or which we otherwise receive
or collect from you in the course of our operations and client services as an
international legal practice. It also describes certain privacy rights and data
protection laws that may apply to you.
It is important that you read this Privacy Statement together with any other
privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions
when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are
fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This Privacy Statement
supplements other, more targeted notices and is not intended to override them.
Contents
Who we are
What personal data do we collect from you?
Why do we collect personal data from you?
How long do we keep your data?
Sharing your personal data
What rights do I have in relation to my
personal data?
What are my rights as a California resident under CCPA?
How do you protect my personal data?
What if I do not want to provide my personal data?
Amendments to this Privacy Statement
Who We Are
McGuireWoods is an international law firm providing legal services to our
clients. This Privacy Statement refers to McGuireWoods LLP and McGuireWoods
London LLP, referred collectively as “McGuireWoods,” “we” or “us.” For
further details concerning the structure and offices of McGuireWoods,
please view our
Legal Notices on
our website.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. If you have questions about
this Privacy Statement or other data protection matters concerning
McGuireWoods, you can contact us at
PrivacyUS@mcguirewoods.com. Additional contact information for McGuireWoods LLP and McGuireWoods
London LLP is provided below.
More information
Data controllers
For the purposes of data protection under the General Data Protection
Regulation and any applicable national implementing laws, regulations,
secondary or other legislation (collectively, the GDPR), the legal entities
overseeing the processing of your personal data are McGuireWoods LLP and
McGuireWoods London LLP. To clarify the essence of the arrangement by which
McGuireWoods collects and processes personal data, both legal entities are
considered data controllers in their own right. On occasion, for certain
processing activities, one of the entities may act as a data processor for
the other. There may also be processing activities for which we would be
considered joint data controllers in that we may jointly determine the
purposes and means by which your personal data is processed by us.
Data protection officers
McGuireWoods LLP’s privacy officer in the United States is Stephen Allred,
who can be contacted at
PrivacyUS@mcguirewoods.com, or by mail at McGuireWoods LLP, Gateway Plaza, 800 East Canal Street,
Richmond, Virginia 23219-3916. For purposes of the GDPR, McGuireWoods LLP,
in its capacity as a controller of processing activities that are subject
to the GDPR, has appointed McGuireWoods London LLP to be its representative
within the European Union. Their contact details are email:
dpo@mcguirewoods.com, phone: +44 20 7632 1600.
McGuireWoods London LLP appoints the following individual as its data
protection officer:
Mehboob Dossa
McGuireWoods London LLP
11 Pilgrim Street
London, EC4V 6RN
United Kingdom
PrivacyUK@mcguirewoods.com
Clients, prospects, candidates, providers and other individuals in the EU
(or whose personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR) should contact
the data protection officer for the controller with whom they have actively
engaged. If you have privacy or data protection questions in connection
with the website, please
contact us.
Back to top
What Personal Data Do We Collect From You?
McGuireWoods only collects personal data required to serve the purpose for
which it was collected. The type of personal data we collect will depend
upon the nature of your relationship with us (e.g., whether you are a
client, prospect, candidate, provider, or visitor to our website or
office), the purpose for which the data is required, and our legal and
regulatory obligations.
The categories of personal data we may collect from clients, prospects, job
candidates, providers, and visitors to our website, offices and firm events
are described under “More Information,” below. We collect this information
in connection with services we provide to clients, from our firm website
and blogs, software that we use to register you for events, software we
maintain for marketing our services. We may also collect this information
from you when you visit our offices or attend our events.
More information
Types of data collected
Clients
As a client of ours, the information we collect from you may include the
following:
contact details (including names, postal addresses, email addresses and
telephone numbers);
a copy of your driver’s license or other suitable documentation to
identify you;
information pertaining to your legal matters with which we are
assisting you;
your bank account details should we need to transfer funds to you;
professional information such as job titles, previous roles, and
professional experience and qualifications;
details regarding your attendance at firm events and activities;
health-related information (such as dietary requirements, disability
access, medical conditions, etc.) in connection with your participation
at our events and activities; and
information as required by regulatory “know your client,” anti-money
laundering, or “proceeds of crime” legislation. Some of this
information we may request or obtain from third-party sources.
Prospects
As a prospective client or other business prospect for McGuireWoods, the
information we collect from you may include the following:
contact details (including names, postal addresses, email addresses and
telephone numbers);
professional information such as job titles, previous roles, and
professional experience and qualifications;
details regarding your attendance at firm events and activities;
health-related information (such as dietary requirements, disability
access, medical conditions, etc.) in connection with your participation
at our events and activities; and
information as required by regulatory “know your client,” anti-money
laundering, or “proceeds of crime” legislation. Some of this
information we may request and/or obtain from third-party sources.
Third parties
In connection with the provision of our services, we collect and process
different personal data depending on the services being provided, the
individuals involved in each of our client matters, and the third parties
with whom we communicate, obtain data from, or otherwise deal with in
connection with the services we provide to our clients.
Job Candidates
As a job candidate looking to join McGuireWoods, the information we collect
from you may include the following:
contact details (including names, postal addresses, email addresses and
telephone numbers);
your racial or ethnic origin, gender identity, sexual orientation,
religious or similar beliefs in order to undertake equal opportunity
monitoring and reporting in the public interest;
information regarding your criminal and disciplinary records (if any),
including from background checking authorities, agencies and any
regulators, to carry out our legal and regulatory obligations;
information from credit reports and the like to the extent permitted by
law;
details of your references, including names, mailing addresses, email
addresses, and phone numbers;
information about your previous academic and/or employment history,
including job titles, previous roles, and professional experience and
qualifications, as well as details of any conduct, grievance or
performance issues, appraisals, time and attendance, from references
obtained about you from previous employers and/or education providers;
information regarding your academic and professional qualifications;
your nationality and immigration status and information from related
documents, such as your passport or other identification and
immigration information;
a copy of your driver’s license or other suitable documentation to
identify you and verify your identity;
information we may request and/or obtain from third-party sources, such
as from disciplinary records, recruiters, social media, or your
references.
Providers
From providers of goods and services to McGuireWoods, we collect limited
information that could be considered personal data. The information we
collect from you may include the following:
your name and contact details (i.e., address, home and mobile phone
numbers, email address);
your bank account details should we need to transfer funds to you.
Visitors to the website
As a visitor to our main internet site,
www.mcguirewoods.com, or any
other website or web address operated by or on behalf of McGuireWoods that
links to this Privacy Statement (the website), we collect information that
you submit to us when you interact with features of the site such as
subscribing to news alerts or signing up to attend firm-sponsored events.
When you do this we collect:
your name and contact details (i.e., address, home and mobile phone
numbers, email address).
In addition to collecting information you provide, our website
automatically collects the following information for purposes of analytics:
your internet protocol (IP) address; your login data, browser type and
version; time zone setting and location; browser plug-in types and
versions; operating system and platform; and other technology on the
devices you use to access the website.
More information can be found within our Cookies Policy.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect
data relating to children via the website.
Visitors to our offices
As a visitor to a McGuireWoods office, we may capture the following
information about you:
contact details (including names, postal addresses, email addresses and
telephone numbers);
images captured by our offices’ CCTV cameras.
Back to top
Why Do We Collect Personal Data From You?
McGuireWoods collects and processes your personal data in connection with
its business as a provider of legal and ancillary services and to pursue
our related legitimate interests and rights, including the promotion and
marketing of our services. We collect this data in order to keep track of
clients and prospective clients, share relevant content including market
the firm’s capabilities, provide invitations to relevant events and
registration for those events, and distribute relevant content.
We collect personal data from the following sources:
clients, including personal data of employees and other agents of our
clients;
prospects, including prospective clients and individuals to whom we
promote or market our services;
third parties, including opposing parties, co-parties, witnesses and
other individuals involved in matters for which we provide legal services
to our clients, and providers of services and other individuals as a result
of providing our services to our clients;
job candidates, including prospective employees or other workers in
connection with job applications and prospective partners in connection
with consideration for partnership;
providers, including vendors, suppliers, consultants, advisers and
business partners;
visitors to our website; and
visitors to our offices.
The personal data we collect is processed in compliance with relevant data
protection laws and regulations. For California-specific guidance, please click here.
More information
Purpose and legal basis for processing
When processing your personal data, the purpose and legal basis include the
following, to the extent that they apply to you:
to perform client services (including litigation, transactions,
regulatory advice, assistance and representation, corporate formation,
structure, governance and compliance services), to fulfill our
contractual obligations toward you, on the basis of
our legitimate interests or our clients’ legitimate interests, and to
provide the best client service we can;
to support our business processes (including our information
technology, electronic communications and electronic documents storage,
management and transmissions), to fulfill our
contractual obligations toward you, or, if not
applicable, on the basis of our legitimate interests
to provide the best client service we can, to support our business
operations, administration, IT services, and network security, and to
prevent fraud;
to safeguard your personal data and our IT system with appropriate
security, on the basis of
your and our legitimate interest for such security;
to exchange information, conduct due diligence, answer your questions,
take steps required to enter into a contract with you, or for the purposes of
our legitimate interests to protect our legal rights
and a third party’s rights, or, on the basis of your
consent;
for our recruitment purposes, including in the context of a selection
and recruitment procedure, to take steps prior to entering into an
employment relationship or contract with you or on the
basis that it is our legitimate interest to use your
personal data in such a way to ensure that we can make the best
recruitment decisions — we will not process any special categories of
personal data except where we are able to do so under applicable
legislation or with your explicit consent;
to keep you up to date with McGuireWoods events, activities and news
that may be of interest to you, on the basis of your consent, or for
our legitimate interests to use your personal data for
marketing purposes;
to present the website and its content in the best possible way for you
and on your computer, on the basis of
our legitimate interests to keep our website updated
and relevant, to develop our outreach and business operations, and to
develop marketing strategy;
for business transactions such as a merger, acquisition by another
company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets on the basis of
our legitimate interests to sell or expand our
business operations; and/or
to comply with legal and regulatory requirements applicable to us
(including the need to prevent and combat money laundering).
Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent only,
you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. We will then erase
your personal data and stop processing it so long as we are not prohibited
from doing so by applicable law.
Marketing
You may receive marketing communications from us if you are an existing
client, if you provided us with your consent, or where we are pursuing a
legitimate interest and have a lawful right to do so and, in each case, you
have not opted out of receiving that marketing communication. You can ask
us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the
unsubscribe links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting
info@mcguirewoods.com
at any time.
Back to top
How Long Do We Keep Your Data?
Your personal data is kept for the time required to pursue the purposes for
which it was collected and processed, including for the purpose of
satisfying any applicable legal, professional, contractual, regulatory,
accounting or reporting requirements unless you have requested deletion and
we have honored that request.
If you request that we stop sending you marketing materials, we will
continue to keep a record of your contact details and appropriate
information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by
us.
California residents have special rights with respect to our retention of
personal information. These are described here.
More information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfil
the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of
satisfying any legal, accounting, legitimate administrative or operational
purposes, and any reporting requirements. In determining data retention
periods, we take into consideration local laws, contractual obligations,
our professional duties to our clients, our reasonable business
requirements, and your expectations and requirements.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal data, we will
securely delete or, in some circumstances, anonymize your personal data (so
that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical
purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without
further statement to you. Any such anonymization would be performed in
accordance with, and where allowed by, applicable law.
Back to top
Sharing Your Personal Data
This website is hosted in the United States. Personal data that is
voluntarily provided on or via this website or online, via electronic
communication, or otherwise to McGuireWoods, may be maintained or accessed
in servers or files located in the United States.
To provide legal services and effectively run our business, we may need to
share your personal data as permitted by law. Transfer of personal data may
occur internally between McGuireWoods offices, to our providers as
necessary to provide our services, or to public and regulatory bodies in
the event we are required to do so. These transfers may involve
international transfer of your personal data to our McGuireWoods offices
(including our offices located outside the European Economic Area (
EEA)) and data centers or those of our providers or public
and regulatory bodies.
We do not sell the personal information we collect about you to third
parties. We may, however, share your personal information with service
providers or third parties in accordance with the business purposes set out
in this Privacy Statement. At this time, the firm’s website does not have
the ability to respond to “Do Not Track” signals sent by individual users’
web browsers.
More information
Categories of recipients
Your personal data may be transferred to the following categories of
recipients:
service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf or
on behalf of a client in connection with specific legal services we are
providing for the client;
public authorities if we are required to do so by law or legal process,
in response to a request from government authorities, or if we believe
disclosure is necessary to prevent personal harm or financial loss.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we
sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a
sale or transfer occur, we will require that the transferee use the
personal data you have provided in a manner consistent with our privacy
policy and the applicable legal framework.
International transfer of your personal data
Subject to the terms of any engagement agreement or other agreement that we
have with you, we allow McGuireWoods’ offices, branches and associated
firms, to access your personal data, and may allow access to your personal
data, or parts of it, to our service providers required to obtain the
services we need to operate our business or to provide legal services to
our clients.
McGuireWoods LLP (based in the United States) and McGuireWoods London LLP
share infrastructure, personnel and providers of services in connection
with the services we provide and marketing activities that we undertake.
McGuireWoods LLP also provides client and support services to McGuireWoods
London LLP and other offices located outside the EEA. As a result,
McGuireWoods LLP and its offices in the United States will receive and have
access to your personal data.
Many of our third-party service providers are based outside the EEA so
their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of your
personal data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, where required by
law, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring
at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been
deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by
the European Commission.
Where we use certain providers, we may use specific contracts approved
by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection
it has in Europe.
Please
contact us if
you want further information on the specific mechanisms we use when
transferring your relevant personal data out of the EEA.
Back to top
What Rights Do I Have in Relation to My Personal Data?
Depending on the facts and circumstances related to the personal data we
collect or obtain about you – including, for example, the nature of the
information we process, where you are located or reside, or whether we
obtain the information in connection with legal services we provide to our
clients – you may have rights regarding the personal data we hold about you
afforded under relevant data protection laws. These may include the right
to request information about, or access to, the personal data we hold, and
rights to complain about how we handle your personal data. McGuireWoods is
committed to honoring rights you have been afforded under data protection
laws while ensuring that such rights are exercised in accordance with our
other legal and ethical obligations.
California residents have special rights with respect to personal
information. These are described here.
More information
Right to request
under the GDPR
Under certain European data protection laws and certain conditions, you may
have the right to request from McGuireWoods, among other things:
access to certain information concerning your personal data and the way
we are processing it;
rectification of inaccurate or incorrect personal data;
erasure or restriction of inaccurate, incorrect personal data or
personal data unlawfully processed;
to stop certain processing, at any time, on grounds relating to your
particular situation, including profiling, and to stop any processing,
at any time, where it relates to direct marketing;
to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format, enabling you to transmit the personal data to
another data controller.
For more information on the full extent of your rights or to exercise your
rights, please contact your local data protection officer by mail or e-mail
at the addresses indicated above with a brief explanation of your request.
When exercising any of those rights, please let us:
have enough information to identify you;
have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driver’s
license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
know the information to which your request relates.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm
your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or
to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure
that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right
to receive it. We may also contact you to ask for further information in
relation to your request to speed up our response.
If you would like to unsubscribe from any email publication you can also
click on the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the relevant email
publication. It may take up to 10 days for you to be removed from the
applicable distribution list.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to
exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee
if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these
circumstances.
Right to complain under the GDPR
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of
your personal data. However, if you believe your personal data is
unlawfully processed by McGuireWoods under applicable European data
protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory
authority where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement
of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is
the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at
https://ico.org.uk/concerns or
telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Back to top
What are my rights as a california resident under the California
Consumer Privacy Act (“ccpa”)?
California Privacy Rights
Beginning January 1, 2020, California residents may exercise certain
privacy rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(“CCPA”). Your right to submit certain requests as a California
resident are described below. Please note that when submitting a
request, you will be asked to provide information to verify your
identity before action is taken. You may designate an authorized agent
to make the requests below on your behalf. An authorized agent must
submit proof to us that he or she has been authorized by you to act on
your behalf, and you will need to verify your identity directly with
us.
More information
Right To Request More Information
As a California resident, you have the right to request more information
regarding the following, to the extent applicable:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we have collected your personal
information.
The business or commercial purpose why we collected or, if applicable,
sold your personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we shared your personal
information in the past 12 months.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about
you.
The categories of personal information that we have shared with third
parties about you for a business purpose.
You may submit a request for the information above by calling us at
1-800-775-2202, or emailing us at
PrivacyUS@mcguirewoods.com. McGuireWoods
LLP will evaluate all requests for information under all applicable laws
and confidentiality protections or restrictions that apply to the firm, its
clients, its employees, or to other third parties whose data the firm
collects. McGuireWoods LLP will not provide any information if it would
otherwise violate governing law or legal protections that apply to such
data, including without limitation any applicable privileges. In connection
with submission of your request, we will take steps to verify your
identity, and you will need to verify your identity before action is taken.
Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information
You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information
collected or maintained by us. Once we receive your request, we will let
you know what, if any, personal information we can delete from our records,
and we will direct any service providers with whom we shared your personal
information also to delete your personal information from their records.
There may be circumstances where we cannot delete your personal information
or direct service providers to delete your personal information from their
records. For example, if we need to: (1) retain your personal information
to complete a transaction or provide goods or services; (2) detect security
incidents; (3) protect against unlawful activities; (4) identify, debug or
repair errors; or (5) comply with a legal obligation. You may submit a
request to delete your personal information by calling us at
+1 800 775 2202, emailing us at PrivacyUS@mcguirewoods.com. McGuireWoods LLP
will not delete any information if it would otherwise violate law or legal
protections that apply to such data, including any applicable privileges.
In connection with submission of your request, we will take steps to verify
your identity and you will need to verify your identity as required under
California law before action is taken.
Verification of Requests
Upon submission of a request for information or a request to delete
information, we will take reasonable steps to confirm that the person
submitting the request to know or request to delete is the person to whom
the information relates, and to prevent unauthorized access or deletion of
information. The specific steps taken to verify the identity of the
requesting person may vary based on the nature of the request, including
the type, sensitivity and value of the information requested, the risk of
harm posed by unauthorized access or deletion, the likelihood that
fraudulent or malicious actors may seek the information, the robustness of
personal information provided to verify your identity, the nature of our
business relationship with you, and available technology for verification.
We will generally try to avoid requesting additional information from you
for the purpose of verification. However, we may need to do so if we cannot
verify your identity based on the information already maintained by us. If
we request additional information to verify your identity, it will be for
that purpose only, and will be deleted as soon as practical after
processing the request, except as otherwise provided by law.
The following generally describes the verification processes we use:
For requests to know categories of personal information, we will verify your identity to a reasonable degree of certainty by
matching at least two data points provided by you with reliable data points
maintained by us.
For requests to know specific pieces of personal information, we will verify your identity to a reasonably high degree of certainty by
matching at least three data points provided by you with reliable data
points maintained by us. We will also require a declaration, signed under
penalty of perjury, that the person requesting the information is the
person whose information is the subject of the request. We will maintain
all signed declarations as part of our records.
For requests to delete personal information, we
will verify your identity to a reasonable degree or a reasonably high
degree of certainty depending on the sensitivity of the personal
information and the risk of harm posed by unauthorized deletion. We will
act in good faith when determining the appropriate standard to apply.
If there is no reasonable method by which we can verify your identity, we
will state so in response to a request to know or delete personal
information, including an explanation of why we have no reasonable method
to verify your identity. As indicated above, McGuireWoods LLP will not
delete any information if it would otherwise violate law or legal
protections that apply to such data, including any applicable privileges.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of California Resident’s
Privacy Rights
By exercising any of the above listed privacy rights conferred by the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, you have the right not to receive
discriminatory treatment by us. This means that, consistent with California
law, we will not deny providing goods or services to you, charge you
different prices or provide a different level or quality of goods and
services to you unless those differences are related to the value of your
information.
Back to top
How Do You Protect My Personal Data?
McGuireWoods employs industry-standard best-practice protection to
safeguard the personal data it collects.
More information
Security measures
McGuireWoods has implemented security-by-design infrastructure utilizing
technologies such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems, anti-malware
detection, data loss prevention, zero day threat protection, and endpoint
encryption. Our security measures include:
Offering encrypted email using Transport Layer Security (TLS) within
Microsoft Exchange. Other types of encryption are also available.
Delivering systems that guarantee confidentiality screening for specific
lawyers and matters pertaining to certain clients. This screening
capability is also available for any matter for which higher levels of
confidentiality are required by clients. This provides only individuals who
have a “need to know” access to information about client matters.
Providing a secure, encrypted file transfer solution, known as MWFiles,
that allows very large files to be transferred back and forth between
McGuireWoods and clients.
Requiring multifactor authentication for remote access into McGuireWoods’
systems for all employees.
Utilizing external security experts to conduct annual security audits of
our environment, including penetration testing and social engineering
testing.
Performing regular security audits of McGuireWoods’ service providers to
ensure client information is handled with appropriate safeguards.
Employing advanced threat intelligence to stay abreast of emerging
threats in the ever-changing security landscape.
Conducting weekly vulnerability assessments of all McGuireWoods systems to
ensure that new threats are addressed quickly and completely.
Back to top
What if I do not Want to Provide My Personal Data?
For clients of McGuireWoods, prospects, job candidates, and providers, it
is in your discretion to provide personal data to us. However, for us to
enter into a contract with you, or other professional, employment or
business relationship with you, we will need to obtain certain information,
including personal data that may be necessary or legally required. If you
do not provide us with all or some of the personal data we request, we may
be prevented from entering into a contract with you, providing you with
legal services, hiring you for employment, or sending you marketing
information or other communications that you have requested.
For users of the website, providing your personal data is purely
voluntarily. Not providing such data may only prevent you from receiving
information from McGuireWoods. Analytical information captured during your
visit to our website is described in our
Cookies Policy,
which you can review here.
Back to top
Amendments to this Privacy Statement
McGuireWoods may update this Privacy Statement from time to time, and we
reserve the right to do so to comply with applicable data protection laws.
The effective date of this Privacy Statement is noted at the top of this
page. We encourage you to review this page periodically. If we make
material changes to the way that we collect, use or share personal data
that you have provided, we will post the revised Privacy Statement on our
website.
Back to top
Back to top
Email Disclaimer
Please note that unsolicited emails and attached information sent to McGuireWoods or a firm attorney via this website do not create an attorney-client relationship. If you are not a McGuireWoods client, do not send us any confidential information. We may not respond to unsolicited emails and do not consider them or attached information confidential. That means we may disclose unsolicited emails and attachments to third parties, and your unsolicited communications will not prevent any lawyer in our firm from representing a party and using the unsolicited communications against you. By clicking "accept" you confirm that you have read and understand this notice.
Accept
Decline