https://www.futureflowgroup.com/investment/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Consulting
Investment
Portfolio
Contact Us
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.futureflowgroup.com.
FutureFlow ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. FutureFlow ltd complies with all applicable Privacy and Data Protection Requirements (as defined below) in connection with the Platform, including without limitation, the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended).
These Privacy Terms (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any Personal Data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be Processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Data and how we will treat it. By using our platform (the Platform) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in these Privacy Terms. You will also be asked to explicitly confirm (Opt-In) on the Platform that you agree to these privacy terms.
These Privacy Terms include a Schedule of specific cases whereFutureFlow ltd collects and Processes information (including Personal Data) about you. By agreeing to these Privacy Terms you explicitly consent (Opt-In) to the collection and Processing of your information in this way.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
Information we receive from other sources.
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Our Platform and services use cookies and similar such tracking devices to identify and distinguish between different visitors. Cookies allow applications to respond to you as an individual, they are small pieces of information which are issued to your computer or device when you visit a website or application and which store and sometimes track information about your use of the site or application. The application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. This enables you to enjoy a good user experience when you use our Platform and services and helps us to improve it for you.
When you visit our Platform our web server sends a cookie to your device (depending on how you access the Platform). A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your Platform. These are known as session cookies. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the Platform and will last for longer. These are known as persistent cookies.
Some of the cookies used by our Platform are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf. For example, social networking sites, who use cookies to aid in the reporting of user behaviour on our Platform. This behaviour is analysed to provide an improved user experience. The information collected is not linked to personally identifiable information.
Unless we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Data in order to comply with a court order or other legal or regulatory requirement, Crypto Desk 365 will keep any Personal Data stored in cookies confidential and will not share it with any third party.
You can delete cookies at any time, and cookies will not collect any information when you are not accessing Crypto Desk 365’s website or mobile application. For more information about cookies and how to set your internet browser to reject cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Comments: If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Future Flow Group — Primer WordPress theme by GoDaddy