http://www.anglicancatholic.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Anglican Catholic Church
Home PageAbout the Anglican Catholic ChurchNewsMaterial for use during the COVID 19 epidemicUK Parishes, Missions & House GroupsACC in EuropeAnglican Catholic FellowshipClergy and Diocesan OfficersACC Around the WorldPrayerGalleryReligious Orders in the ACCResourcesACC-UK The Diocesan MagazineThe Trinitarian NewspaperACC MerchandisePerkins LibraryContactDonateGive As You Live FundraisingLegalPrivacy Policy
Follow @ACC_DUK
Privacy Policy for Anglican Catholic Church - Diocese of the United Kingdom
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at diocesanoffice@anglicancatholic.org.uk
In the Anglican Catholic Church - Diocese of the United Kingdom (ACCDUK) we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by the ACCDUK website and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, the ACCDUK website makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyse trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
The ACCDUK website does not use cookies.
Children's Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. The ACCDUK website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that the ACCDUK website
has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Links to other websites
The ACCDUK website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to the ACCDUK website and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
General
You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales. All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Consent
By using The ACCDUK website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Monday, May 13th, 2019.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
ACC Diocesan Office, St Nicholas House, 42-48 High Street, Lydd, Romney Marsh, Kent TN29 9AN • diocesanoffice@anglicancatholic.org.uk
Registered in England Charity No: 1068168
Copyright © 2020, Anglican Catholic Church.