http://www.muslimaid.org.au/privacy-policy
DETAILS
MAA International is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website at mail@maainternational.org.au
1. Information that we collect from you as a visitor to this website
When you use this website, we may collect information about your computer, such as your IP address and/or browser which we will use for administration purposes and statistical analysis. This information will not usually identify you personally. We do this by placing a 'cookie', which is a small file, on your computers hard disk. Cookies are used for several reasons: to recognise you whenever you visit this website, to speed up access to this website (so you do not have to log on each time), to store your personal preferences, to build a profile about you, to better target our marketing and advertising campaigns. The vast majority of web browsers accept cookies. However, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, you may lose some of the functionality of this website.
2. Information that we collect from you as a user (i.e. fundraiser) of this website
If you register on this website, we will collect your name, title, email address, postal address, and contact numbers (where you have agreed to provide it). We may also obtain sensitive personal data about you if you volunteer it during the completion of the online form. By donating on this website, you will be consenting to us processing your personal information (including sensitive personal data where you have volunteered it). We will not pass on any personal data to any other third party unless you give us your express consent to do so.
3. Information we collect from you when you make a donation using this website
If you make a donation using this website, we collect your full name, and your billing address. We will only use your card details for processing your donation via our payment partner.
4. How MAA uses your personal information
Where you are a registered user or where you have given your consent as a visitor or a person making a donation on the website, we will not hand out your information to third parties.
5. Keeping your data Secure
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period as long as the law requires.
6. Information about other individuals
If you give us information on the behalf of someone else, you confirm that that other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can:
Give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his or her personal data.
Receive on his/her behalf any data protection notices.
Give consent to transfer of his/her personal date abroad.
Give consent to the processing of his/her sensitive personal date.
7. Accessing and Updating
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us at mail@maainternational.org.au
8. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through the email notification.
9. Our Contact Details
All comments, queries and requests relating to the use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to mail@maainternational.org.au