https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/how-secure-your-voice-assistant-and-protect-your-privacy
Jump to Navigation
Federal Trade Commission
Consumer Information
consumer.ftc.gov
español
Search form
Search
Main MenuSearch
Money &
CreditShopping & Saving
Buying & Owning a Car
Credit & Loans
Dealing with Debt
Resolving Consumer Problems
Homes &
MortgagesHome Loans
Home Improvement
Saving Energy at Home
Renting & Timeshares
Health &
FitnessHealthy Living
Treatments & Cures
Weight Loss & Fitness
Jobs &
Making MoneyEducation & Training
Job Hunting
Working from Home
Going into Business
Investments & Grants
Privacy, Identity &
Online SecurityLimiting Unwanted Calls and Emails
Online SecurityComputer Security
How to Protect Your Phone and the Data on It
Laptop Security
Malware
P2P File-Sharing Risks
How to Recognize and Avoid Phishing Scams
Securing Your Wireless Network
Tips for Using Public Wi-Fi Networks
Understanding Mobile Apps
Apps to Help You Shop in Stores
Hacked Email
How to Protect Your Data Before You Get Rid of Your Computer
How to Recognize and Report Spam Text Messages
How to Secure Your Voice Assistant and Protect Your Privacy
How to Spot, Avoid and Report Tech Support Scams
Mobile Payment Apps: How to Avoid a Scam When You Use One
Shopping Online with Virtual Currencies infographic
Using IP Cameras Safely
Virtual Private Network (VPN) apps
What You Need to Know About Romance Scams
Protecting Kids Online
Identity Theft
Scams
Blog
Video & Media
Search form
Search
You are hereHome › Privacy, Identity & Online Security › Online Security › How to Secure Your Voice Assistant and Protect Your Privacy
Vea esta página en español
How to Secure Your Voice Assistant and Protect Your Privacy
Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
Linked-In
Your wish is their command. Voice assistants — like Alexa, Google Assistant, Siri, Cortana, or others — can do cool things like tell you the weather, order your favorite pizza, or turn your lights off before bed. And, depending on which permissions you give, voice assistants may also do things like read your emails and access your calendar and contacts.
Know when it's listening
Check the privacy policy
Check your settings
Lock down your login
Know what's connected to your voice assistant
Use multi-factor authentication, when available
Secure your router
These voice assistants might be stand-alone smart speakers or an app on your computer, tablet, or phone. And, to be ready to respond to your commands, they can listen all the time, ready to be activated by a “wake word” (like “Alexa” or “OK, Google”). But they might mishear you — or even turn on and start listening when you least expect it.
Voice assistants usually send recordings to the manufacturer, so you’ll want to take steps to make sure they remain private and secure. Here are some privacy questions to consider, along with some different ways to secure your voice assistant:
Know when it’s listening
Each time you interact with it, your voice assistant records what you say. It might also do that when it thinks it’s heard the wake word. If you want to be sure that sensitive information isn’t picked up by your smart speaker, look for settings to mute your device so it’s no longer listening. You might also be able to activate alerts that tell you when your voice assistant is actively listening. Check your voice assistant’s settings options or the manufacturer’s website to find out how to do that.
Check the privacy policy
Some voice assistant manufacturers have had employees listen to audio recordings in certain circumstances – say, to make their products work better. Some have stopped doing that since the media reported on it. the privacy policy for your voice assistant to understand how your audio recordings are handled and who can listen to them.
Check your settings
Review your default settings. Periodically, look at your history, or even delete old recordings. You can usually do this by going to the voice assistant app or logging into your account on the manufacturer’s website. You also may be able to set it to auto-delete your recordings.
Lock down your login
Create a strong password for the app or online account that controls your voice assistant. Make sure it has a least twelve characters, a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols. Avoid common words, phrases, or information in your passwords. And don’t reuse existing passwords from other accounts. If one of those accounts gets hacked, a hacker could try that same password to get into your voice assistant.
Know what’s connected to your voice assistant
It might be convenient to enable shopping, or to link your email account so your voice assistant can read your emails out loud. But do you want everyone who uses your voice assistant to be able to shop, or get your emails? If not:
Add a PIN to control whether others (like your kids or visitors) can use voice commands to buy things.
Check to see if you can add a passcode for access to your email.
Check your settings options or the manufacturer’s website to find out how to make these changes on your voice assistant.
Use multi-factor authentication, when available
This makes it harder to hack into your account, even if a hacker gets your password. To use multi-factor authentication, you need both your password and an additional piece of information. The second piece could be a code sent to your phone, or a random number generated by an app or token. Check the security settings on your account to find out how to add this layer of protection.
Secure your router
Think of your router as home base for all your devices. The more secure your router, the more secure your connected devices will be. Find out the steps to take at Securing Your Wireless Network.
Looking for more tips? Check out this advice on securing your IoT device.
Tagged with: online security, password, privacy
February 2020
Stay Connected
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
FTC.gov
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
File a Consumer Complaint
Register for Do Not Call
Report Identity Theft
Get Your Free Credit Report
Order Free Resources
Get Email Updates