http://www.eeoc.gov/privacy-act
Skip to main content
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure.
The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Below are links to various components of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's privacy program, including Privacy Act issuances, privacy impact assessments, breach notification policies, and policies related to the protection of information and privacy.
EEOC's privacy program follows the requirements of the Privacy Act of 1974, 5 USC 552a, and EEOC's privacy regulations, 29 C.F.R. 1611. The Privacy Act establishes practices that govern the collection, maintenance, and sharing of information about individuals that is maintained in a "system of records" by federal agencies such as the EEOC. EEOC files may contain personal information about you if, for example, you have filed a charge of discrimination or been investigated by the Office of the Inspector General. The Privacy Act gives you the right to inspect and challenge the accuracy of government records about you, except as detailed in the exemptions listed below, and to sue the government for violations of the Privacy Act.
Text of the Privacy Act
EEOC's Privacy Act Regulations, 29 C.F.R. Part 1611
Exemptions to the Privacy Act, 29 C.F.R Parts:
1611.13, Specific Exemptions - Charge and complaint files
1611.14, Exemptions - Office of Inspector General Files
1611.15, Exemption - EEOC Personnel Security Files
EEOC's Privacy Act Systems of Records Notices, including EEOC/GOVT-1
Privacy Impact Assessments
Federal Sector EEO Portal (FedSEP)
EEOC Public Portal
Integrated Mission System (IMS)
EEOC Document Management System (DMS)
EEOC Training and Outreach Online Registration System
EEOC Policies on Privacy
Breach Notification Policy
Order 240.005 Information Security Program (currently undergoing update)
Order 150.003: Privacy Act of 1974
Order 150.005: Protection of Privacy
Instructions for Submitting a Privacy Act Request or Complaint
How to Contact Us:
For questions or complaints about EEOC's privacy program: privacy@eeoc.gov.
EEOC Senior Agency Official for Privacy: Bryan Burnett
All other inquiries