http://www.aso1930.com/privacy-policy.html
Welcome
Chapter Leadership
History
International Program
AKA Impact Days
ASO CAP Program
Events
Great Lakes Region
Service
VoterRegistration
Calendar of Activities
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated ®  is committed and recognizes your need for protection and privacy issues on the Internet.
In general, you can visit us at www.aso1930.org without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. We do collect Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and domain names of visitors for site administration purposes, such as to analyze this data for trends and statistics. No personal information is obtained, rather just the patterns of usage of our various users may be tracked and monitored. This data is used to customize our website content to deliver a better experience to our users. Collecting Personally Identifiable Information There are times when we may collect personal information from you. For example, in order to respond to your questions or fulfill your requests, it may be necessary to ask for personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. We may use this information to respond to your requests, or to contact you via mail, e-mail or phone to inform you of events or announcements regarding our chapter. We will not provide this information to a third party without your permission, except as necessary to fulfill your request. Links to Other Websites Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter’s website may contain links to other sites. These sites are not controlled by Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter and Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter is not responsible for any content contained on any such website. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites. As with our site, you should become familiar with any external party’s privacy policy when visiting that site. Your Consent By using the website of Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated ®, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time without advance notice. Should any new policy go into effect, we will post it on this site, and the policy will apply only to information connected thereafter. Disclaimer Except as specifically stated in this Policy, or elsewhere on this website, or as otherwise required by applicable law, neither Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter nor its members, content providers, or other representatives will be liable for damages of any kind (including, without limitation, lost profits, direct, indirect, compensatory, consequential, exemplary, special, incidental, or punitive damages) arising out of your use of, your inability to use, or the performance of this website or the content whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter uses reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy, correctness and reliability of the content, but we make no representations or warranties as to the content’s accuracy, correctness or reliability. Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. is not responsible for the design nor content of these web pages.
They are the sole property and responsibility of the Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter who hosts and maintains this website. Some U.S. states and foreign countries do not permit the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or liability for certain categories of damages. Therefore, some or all of the limitations above may not apply to you to the extent they are prohibited or superseded by state or international provisions.
Site Map
Welcome Chapter Leadership History International ProgramGreat Lakes Region History Service Calendar of Activities Events Contact Us Chapter Highlights Privacy Policy
Links
AKA Great Lakes RegionAKA Corporate OfficeASOEFoundation
Disclaimer
This website and its content are provided "as is" and Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter excludes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any warranty, express or implied, Including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose. The functions embodied on, or in the materials of, this website are not warranted to be uninterrupted or without error. You, not Alpha Sigma Omega Chapter, assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction due to your use of this website.
Web Hosting by HostCentric | Cross-browser compatible and responsive design, best viewed on Chrome or Internet Explorer browsers| Last  Updated 8.28.2020|Technical questions about website aso1930@gmail.com