https://www.gibbs-smith.com/privacy-policy
SHOP EARLY!!! Avoid Shipping Delays. More info >>>
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WHAT WE COLLECTWe collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
WHAT WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FORAny of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience - Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website - We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service - Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To process transactions - Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails - The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATIONWe implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
YES, WE USE COOKIESCookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
COLLECTION OF DATAOur site uses technologies of third-party partners to help us recognize your device and understand how you use our site(s) so that we can improve our services to reflect your interests and serve you advertisements about products that are likely to be of more interest to you. Specifically, these partners collect information about your activity on our site(s) to enable us to:
measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on our site(s);
show advertisements for our products and/or services to you on third-party sites;
measure and analyze the performance of our advertising campaigns;
CROSS-DEVICEWe may share data, such as hashed email derived from emails or other online identifiers collected on our site(s) with our advertising partners. This allows our partners to recognize and deliver you ads across devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by our partner and their cross device capabilities please refer to NextRoll’s Privacy Notice.
OPTING-OUTOur partners may use non-cookie technologies that may not be impacted by browser settings that block cookies. Your browser may not permit you to block such technologies. For this reason you can use the following third party tools to decline the collection and use of information for the purpose of serving you interest based advertising:
The NAI’s opt-out platform: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform: http://optout.aboutads.info/
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCEBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCEWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLYThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
YOUR CONSENTBy using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Updated: May 2020
CONTACTING USIf there are any questions regarding our Terms of Use, you may contact us using the information below. You may also review, correct, update, or remove personal information at any time by contacting us.
Gibbs SmithAttn: Privacy PolicyPO Box 667Layton, UT 84041Telephone: 800-748-5439Email: webmaster@gibbs-smith.com
Copyright © 2020 Gibbs Smith Inc, Inc. All rights reserved.