https://www.greenplanetfilms.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
CART0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
About GPFOur Mission Statement GPF Board & Team Closed Caption Quality | Certification Filmmaker Services
FilmsAll TitlesAll films in our collection GLOBALEnvironmental issues and their global impact. Includes initiatives to address and mitigate: analysis, identification and resolution.Biodiversity Climate Change | Global Warming
AIRThe necessary ingredient to human life and man’s interaction with it.Pollution
HUMANPerspective from various cultures, traditions, crafts and human society on the Earth, its inhabitants and environment.Animal Rights Eco Activist Films Eco Economics Ecosystem Restoration Energy Enviro Injustice Hiking | Biking | Kayaking Indigenous People Mindful Stewardship Recycling & Waste Sustainable Communities | Building Urban Sprawl
LANDThoughtful views of the resource that most defines man, and his stewardship of it.Deforestation Food and Agriculture Parks | Reserves
WATERA closer look at the dominant environment of the planet and man’s relationship with it.Oceans | Fish Water Issues Wetlands | Rivers
WILDLIFEAn appreciative look at man’s other neighbours that share this living planet.Birds Endangered Species
K-12School / Family Films for ages 5-18Children Curiosity Quest
STREAMINGAbout Streaming Free Streaming
CommunityAbout Community Screenings Film Packages
SupportHow to Order Support Mailing List FAQs Privacy Policy Terms of Use My Account
DonateDonate Donors
Contact Merch NOW PRODUCING: Fatberg Animated Short Film
Terms of UseYou are here:HomeTerms of Use
Green Planet Films is a non-profit distributor of nature and environmental films.
In purchasing these films:
You agree not to copy, reproduce, or transmit these films in any way.
You agree not to download, modify, distribute, display, perform, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information, products contained on, or obtained from the Green Planet Films site without our express written consent.
You agree to comply with United States Copyright Law.
Acceptance of Terms of Use
These Terms of Use govern your use of the Green Planet Film sales website. By using, visiting, or browsing the Green Planet Films website, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should contact us before use with any questions or not use the Green Planet Films website.
These Terms of Use are an ongoing contract between you and Green Planet Films and apply to your use of the Green Planet Films sales and service and website. These Terms of Use affect your rights and you should read them carefully.
Changes to Terms of Use
Green Planet Films, reserves the right, from time to time, with or without notice to you, to change these Terms of Use in our sole and absolute discretion. The most current version of these Terms of Use can be reviewed by clicking on the “Terms of Use” located at the top of the pages of the Green Planet Films website. The most current version of the Terms of Use will supersede all previous versions. Your use of the Green Planet Films website or continued use of our service after changes are made means that you agree to be bound by such changes.
Any information submitted on the Green Planet Films website is subject to our Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices. The date of any changes to our Privacy Policy will be noted at the bottom of our Privacy Policy.
Shipping and Billing
We do not process deliveries on Saturdays, Sundays or holidays. We make no guarantee as to the shipping and delivery of DVDs and may, in our sole and absolute discretion, change our business practice regarding allocation, delivery and shipping, without notice. We may from time to time revise these Terms of Use but we will not necessarily provide you notice of the revisions. It is up to you to review the Terms of Use frequently to determine if there have been changes.
We will send you an e-mail letting you know when we have received your order or shipped your DVD.
Account Access and Identity Protection
You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account.You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You may choose to share your account with other people by providing for password to them. However, if you decide to share your account with other people, you take full responsibility for their actions. Users of public or shared computers should log out at the completion of each visit to the Green Planet Films website.
If you find that you’re a victim of identity theft and it involves a Green Planet Films account, you should notify customer service. Then, you should report this instance to all your credit card issuers, as well as your local law enforcement agency. Green Planet Films reserves the right to place any account on hold anytime with or without notification to the user in order to protect itself and its partners from what it believes to be fraudulent activity.
Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations on Liability
The Green Planet Films service and website and its contents are provided “as is” and we make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Green Planet Films website, its contents or our service. We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Green Planet Films website, any failures, delays, or interruptions in the shipment of DVDs, delivery of any content contained on the Green Planet Films website, any losses or damages arising from the use of the content provided on the Green Planet Films website, or any conduct by users of the Green Planet Films service or website. We reserve the right to ship DVDs in our sole and absolute discretion. We disclaim all representations and warranties, including, for example, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In addition, we do not represent or warrant that the information accessible via our site is accurate, complete or current.
In no event shall Green Planet Films, directors, officers, or employees be liable (jointly or severally) to you for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the Green Planet Films website, its contents or our service. If any applicable authority holds any portion of this section to be unenforceable, then liability will be limited to the fullest possible extent permitted by applicable law.
Intellectual Property
All content included on the Green Planet Films website and delivered to customers as part of the service, including DVDs, text, graphics, logos, designs, photographs, button icons, images, audio/video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Green Planet Films or its suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Green Planet Films, and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Content should not be reproduced or used without express written permission from Green Planet Films, or its suppliers. Green Planet Films reserves the right to terminate your account hereunder if Green Planet Films, in its sole and absolute discretion, believes that you are in violation of this paragraph, such violations including the copying of DVDs rented to you by us or the copying or other unauthorized use of our proprietary content. Green Planet Films does not promote, foster or condone the copying of DVDs or any other infringing activity. The use of DVDs rented to you by us is solely for your personal and non-commercial use. Please see the instructions at the end of these Terms of Use for notifying us of the presence of any allegedly infringing content on the Green Planet Films website.
Electronic Communications
By using the Green Planet Films service, you consent to receiving electronic communications from Green Planet Films. These communications will include notices about your account (e.g., shipping and receiving e-mails) and you can opt-in upon registering for an account to a newsletter containing information concerning or related to our service, such as featured films or other information or offerings. These communications are part of your relationship with Green Planet Films. You agree that any notice, agreements, disclosure or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
Your Conduct on the Green Planet Films Web Site
By accessing the Green Planet Films website, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Green Planet Films website. You also agree not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to the Green Planet Films website or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Green Planet Films website, the terms of which are incorporated herein. You also agree not to impersonate any other person while using the Green Planet Films website, conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using our service, or use the Green Planet Films website for any unlawful purpose.
Limitations on Use
You must be 18 years of age or older to register for an account on the Green Planet Films service. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian. While Green Planet Films does distribute products that may be watched by children, we do not intentionally seek to collect information from individuals 13 years of age and younger. Unless otherwise specified, the content on the Green Planet Films website is for your personal and non-commercial use and we grant you a limited license to access the Green Planet Films website for that purpose. You may not download (other than through page caching necessary for personal use), modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from, the Green Planet Films website without our express written consent. Any unauthorized use of the Green Planet Films website or its contents will terminate the limited license granted by us.
Features
Customer Reviews:
We permit you to post reviews on the Green Planet Films website. By submitting a review, you agree to the terms hereunder and acknowledge that such postings and all information therein will be posted on our website. In posting such content, you agree not to use a false e-mail address or otherwise mislead us or others regarding the origin of such content. However, the use of a pseudonym that will be publicly displayed with the review is permitted so long as it is individualized and not otherwise misleading. We do not regularly review the content posted on the Green Planet Films website; however, we reserve the right to reject, remove or edit such content at anytime without notice. Reviews should not be posted that contain: harsh, profane or discriminatory language; illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or otherwise objectionable content; URLs, phone numbers, mailing or e-mail addresses, personal attacks on the movie’s creative personnel; or a discussion of Green Planet Films policies or services. Please click on the “Customer Reviews” link on any movie page to write and post DVD reviews.
Right to Terminate
We reserve the right to terminate or restrict your use of our service, without notice, for any or no reason whatsoever.
Links
Some of the hyperlinks on the Green Planet Films website may lead to other websites that are not controlled by, or affiliated with Green Planet Films. In addition, other websites may link to the Green Planet Films website. Green Planet Films has not reviewed these websites and is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites.
Gift Vouchers
We offer for sale on the Green Planet Films website various Gift Vouchers redeemable for Green Planet Films sales and services. We will automatically bill your Payment Method for any purchased Gift Vouchers. Gift Vouchers are subject to the terms and conditions set forth on the ?Gift Vouchers? page.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
It is the policy of Green Planet Films to respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that content on the Green Planet Films website constitutes a copyright infringement, please notify us of your concern by submitting an email notice to us at the following address:
service@greenplanetfilms.org
Your notice must be signed and contain the following:
(i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (iii) Identification of the material on the Green Planet Films website that is claimed to be infringing, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, if available, your e-mail address; (v) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) A statement that the above information is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are, or are authorized to act on behalf of, the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed.
Our copyright notice hotline is 415-377-5471 and the email address is service@greenplanetfilms.org. Please note, however, that in order for your notice to us to be effective under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, your notice must be in writing and contain the elements described above.
Disputes
You and Green Planet Films agree that the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and/or the California Superior Court for the County of Marin shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute between you and Green Planet Films relating in any way to the Green Planet Films sales, service or website or these Terms of Use. You and Green Planet Films expressly and irrevocably consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in these courts.
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Pin itShare on Pinterest
Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn
Cart
Search for:
Search
Green Planet Films announces our new documentary in development called ‘FATBERG! The Rise of the Unflushables’Earth Day or Any Day TshirtDefinitely Documentaries Long Sleeve T-shirtFilm Director T-shirtObscure Films Head Librarian 15 oz Mug $5.99 a month, requires Amazon Prime, USA only.
Our VHX channel is also $5.99 a month, accessible worldwide.
Learn about new films!
Email Address:
Email & Social Media Marketing by VerticalResponse
Go to Top