http://www.4structures.com/privacy-policy
Request Virtual Consultation
Vote on our Ads
Home
About
About John Darer®
About 4structures.com, LLC
What You Need to Know
What is Settlement Planning
What Is a Structured Settlement?
Structured Settlement Tax Benefits
How Structured Settlements Work
What are Structured Settlement Annuities?
Structured Settlement Quotes
|
What You Need To Know
Rated Ages and Structured Settlement Cost Savings
Types of
Structured Settlement Payments | What Are They?
Structured Settlements vs. Other Investment Alternatives
Treasury Funded Structured Settlements (US Treasury Bond)
Ways to Use
Structured Settlements For Children and Minors
Settlements for Seniors and Retirees
Structured Settlements With Special Needs Trusts
Special Needs Trust
Structured Installment Sales
Divorce Structured Settlements
Structured Wrongful Imprisonment Cases
Life Insurance in Settlement Planning
Split Annuity Concept for Structured Settlements
Terminal Funding
Worker's Compensation Claims
Plaintiffs & Attorneys
Settlement Planning Services
Attorney Fee Deferrals | Structured Attorney Fees
Don't Ignore Structures
Medicare Set-Aside Allocation
Monte Carlo Simulation
Qualified Settlement Fund as a Settlement Resolution Tool
Settlement Preservation Trust
Defendants & Insurers
Settlement Expert Services
Why You Need A
Settlement Expert
Employment Structured Settlements
Non-Qualified Structures and Assignments
Environmental Structured Settlements
LTD Structured Settlements for Disability Buyout |
Employer Paid LTD Claims
Funding Agreement
Life Care Plans
Periodic Payment Assumption Reinsurance
Worker's Compensation Claims
Resources
Blog
Structured Settlements FAQ
Glossary
Taxable Equivalent Yield Chart
(Structures)
Structured Annuity Companies
Structured Settlement Links
Free Structured Settlement E-Newsletter
Structured Settlement Protection
State Guaranty Laws & Provisions
4structures® Insurance Services
Annuities for Income Distribution
Contact Us
Video Learning
Sell Structured Settlement
Independent Professional Advice
Common Questions
Login
Calculators
Statement on Diversity and Inclusion
Covid-19 Statement
Privacy Policy
4structures.com Privacy Policy Effective Date: January 20, 2010.4Structures.com, LLC ("4Structures.com") is committed to protecting the privacy of users. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you of what types of information that may be gathered about you when you visit 4Structures.com, how such information may be used, whether such information will be disclosed to anyone, and the choices you have regarding such use of such information. In addition, this Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of the treatment of information posted in non-public portions of the Website. Finally, please note that this policy applies only to the websites located at www.4Structures.com (the "Website").This Privacy Policy also applies to all services provided by 4Structures.com or accessible through its Website. 4Structures.com’s actual web pages and related computer programs, including all source code and object code, 4Structures.com’s proprietary services including the Client Zone™, in4structure™, other services or information system provided by 4Structures.com now or in the future (collectively "Services").This privacy policy does not apply to any other website to which this Website is linked and or affiliated.CONSENTBy accessing and using this Website or any Services (as defined in Terms and Conditions) of 4Structures.com, you consent to the collection and use of Information (defined below) by 4Structures.com and any use of such Information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. For more information see "Privacy Policy Changes" below.INFORMATION GATHERED4Structures.com will be collecting and tracking information about your activities on the Website on an aggregate and or individual basis and will know and keep track of precisely who you are (the "Information"). This is done to keep track of what users may be interested in and to facilitate our marketing and servicing efforts. 4Structures.com does not share personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes. However, we may use such Information to contact you either by e-mail or by regular mail or telephone in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or for the purpose of providing you with Services.The information that 4Structures.com automatically collects and/or tracks when you visit our Website includes: (1) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, and type of web browser of visitors to the Website; (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with 4Structures.com via e-mail: (3) personally identifiable information knowingly provided by users in online forms and/or databases (i.e. name, address, phone, SSN, DOB, case information, etc.) or otherwise; and (4) aggregate and user-specific information on which pages visitors access. For purposes of this Privacy Policy all of the above information shall be referred to hereafter as First Party Information.4Structures may also collect, and use information that you provide through one or more of its Services, including information related to a lawsuit, other legal or financial matters and personally identifiable information of other persons (collectively, "Third Party Information"), for the purpose of providing you with Services.COOKIES4Structures.com also places Internet cookies on the hard drive of your computer. Internet cookies save a visitor's name, password, user-name, screen preferences, the pages of the Website viewed by the visitor and the advertisements, if any, viewed or clicked by the visitor. When the visitor returns to the Website, 4Structures.com will recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor's experience accordingly.In addition, in order to access certain Services 4Structures.com may require that you provide certain additional identifying information. You are not required to answer these questions although this may limit what services available to you. Examples of such Services include the Secure Structured Settlement Quote Form, Assign It!®. and in4structure® . This information may include your subscriber name or "screen name," areas of interest, password used to access such Services. If you are comfortable providing the requested information, such Services are available to you that are impossible for us to offer to anonymous users. If you prefer, you may set your computer to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website if you do so. [We may supplement the data we collect with data from third party sources where necessary to fulfill your service request, including personally indentifiable information about you and/or the matter on which you are working with 4Structures.com. 4Structures.com reserves the right to request any additional information necessary to establish and maintain your use of our Services.USE OF INFORMATION GATHERED4Structures.com uses the First Party Information to analyze what its users like and don't like about the Website or Services so that it can design better products and services. Information about what you are searching for also helps focus the products and services presented to you, in an effort to make them more valuable to you. However, 4Structures.com will not sell or disclose any personally identifiable First Party Information without your express written consent, unless compelled to do so by law. 4Structures.com may disclose personally identifiable First Party Information about you when required to do so by law and when we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an appropriate law enforcement investigation or current judicial proceeding.In conducting its business 4Structures.com may provide certain third parties with Third Party Information in order to provide services to its clients. For example, and without limitation, personally identifiable Information of a user or another person associated with a case handled by 4Structures.com may be provided to a service provider in connection with a structured settlement or the purchase of an insurance product. Our service providers may include life insurers, annuity issuers, structured settlement consultants, attorneys, qualified settlement trust trustees, trust companies or other professionals that may be necessary to provide our Services.By providing information to 4Structures.com, whether First Party Information or Third Party Information, whether such information is entered into 4Structures.com's computer system by a user or by 4Structures.com directly, the discloser of such information understands and acknowledges that the information may be disclosed by 4Structures.com for such purposes and such disclosure and use is thereby authorized by the user in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.Other companies that you may reach from links on the Website may collect information about you when you click on their links or visit their website. You should contact these companies directly if you have any questions about their use of information and privacy policies, as further described below in LINKS. This privacy policy governs only the use of information on 4Structures.com.SPECIAL POLICY WITH REGARDS TO INFORMATION FROM CHILDRENIn accordance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), 4Structures.com will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent. 4Structures.com is not intended for users under the age of thirteen. If you are authorized to provide information to 4Structures.com in connection with any structured settlement case, settlement planning case, or other matter involving personally identifiable information of a person aged 13 or younger, you may be required to provide 4Structures.com with written evidence of such authorization from a parent or guardian of such minor person prior to disclosing or accessing such information or Services.E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS AND OPTING OUTE-mail is an important communication channel between 4Structures.com, its users and prospective customers. E-mail sent to 4Structures.com from within our Website (after you have logged on with your account number and password) is secured with the same Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology used to transmit private account information. So please remember that any e-mail you send to 4Structures.com identifying your account should originate from within our Website. 4Structures.com reserves the right to use your e-mail address to send you important regulatory information or legal notices relating to your account.You may opt out of receiving email regarding products, Services and information from 4Structures.com at any time by sending an email to jdarer@4structures.com indicating your desire to not receive any further email communications regarding products, Services and information from 4Structures.com.PRIVACY POLICY CHANGESIn an effort to satisfy the needs of our customers 4Structures.com is constantly evolving and continuously adding new information, products, Services and functionality to this Website. In this effort 4Structures.com regularly conducts reviews of its privacy and security policies and procedures, particularly when changes are made to this Website. If 4Structures.com changes this privacy policy those changes will be posted to this privacy policy, the homepage, and other places deemed appropriate by 4Structures.com so that you will always know what information is gathered, how it may be used and whether it will be disclosed to anyone. 4Structures.com will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.If, however, 4Structures.com is going to use personally identifiable information of a user in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection the user will be notified via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not their information is used in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with 4Structures.com, or deleted or deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if any material changes are made to 4Structures.com's privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in a 4Structures.com database, a notice will be posted prominently on this Website notifying users of such change(s).You may request prior versions of 4Structures.com Privacy Policy by calling (888) 325-8640 or by email at jdarer@4structures.com. Even if you are no longer a 4Structures customer, our Privacy Policy will continue to apply to you and your personal information.CONFIDENTIALITYAny Information that is collected, tracked or screened by 4Structures.com is the property of 4Structures.com, subject to and protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, ANY INFORMATION POSTED, STORED OR OTHERWISE TRANSMITTED TO NON-PUBLIC PORTIONS OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE TREATED AS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND WILL NOT BE DISCLOSED TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT YOUR EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT. However, under certain circumstances 4Structures.com may be required to or we may choose to provide information about you to third parties without your consent, as permitted by law, including, to respond to a subpoena or court order, judicial process or regulatory authorities, to consumer reporting agencies, in connection with a proposed or actual sale, merger, or transfer of all or a portion of a business or an operating unit, and to protect against fraud. See PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES above for information on how we intend to provide you notice of such an eventuality. In addition, 4Structures.com may provide information about you to our service providers to help us process your registration or provide Services. See USE OF INFORMATION GATHERED above.NO LIABILITY FOR ACTS OF THIRD PARTIESAlthough 4Structures.com will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of the Information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. 4Structures.com shall have no liability for disclosure or access to Information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized access, or other acts of third parties, as further described in Terms and Conditions.LINKS4Structures.com may provide links to other websites as part of our Services. 4Structures.com does not control these other websites, is not responsible for them, and makes no representations as to their information collection practices. 4Structures.com encourages you to review and understand the privacy policies on these websites before providing any information to them. Any complaints regarding this Website, or any website of 4Structures.com's licensors or affiliates should be submitted to 4Structures.com at (888) 325-8640 or jdarer@4structures.com. The fact that 4Structures.com provides any such links is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation with respect to such website, its privacy and or security policies, its owners, or its providers. You agree that under no circumstances will you hold 4Structures.com liable for any loss or damage caused by use of or reliance on the information collection practices of any other website.SECURITY4Structures.com has taken reasonable security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control. All information is stored in a secure operating environment. When sending sensitive information across the Internet - including your username, password - 4Structures.com uses encryption software to encrypt all information sent or received so that it cannot be intercepted and used by a foreign party. Once your information is received, it is stored on a secure server, and access to your data is restricted to you and authorized personnel. 4Structures.com also restricts access to the personal and account information of customers to those employees and third parties who need to know that information in the course of their job responsibilities and as required for 4Structures.com to provide Services to customers.Any personal information you send us is encrypted by Secure Socket Layers (SSL), which protects information you submit or receive through this Website. In addition, any sensitive personal information that you send to our Website (such as social security number or mother's maiden name) is held in a secured environment, protected by tools such as firewalls and/or database field encryption. 4Structures.com uses firewalls to help limit entry by anyone without proper authorization. A firewall is a security mechanism that (1) regulates the data going in and out of a network,(2) it is a commonly used, specialized computer which acts as a shield against data going in or out of a network, and (3) It checks to make sure that communications only occur between approved individuals and that the communication is in the proper protocol.No representation is made, however, regarding the unconditional security of such submissions. 4Structures.com requires that your browser support SSL, and does not allow information to be stored on your hard drive unless you specifically download it and save it on your computer. For security reasons, access to this site is limited to SSL-capable browsers like Microsoft's Internet Explorer 8.0 or higher. These browsers will activate SSL automatically whenever you sign on to your 4Structures.com account. Under no circumstances should you use any software, program, application, or any other device to access or log-in to the website, or to automate the process of obtaining, downloading, transferring, or transmitting any content to or from 4Structures.com's computer systems, website, or proprietary software.You can tell if you are visiting a secure area within a website by looking at the symbol on the bottom of your browser screen. If you are using Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer, you will see either a lock or a key. When the symbol appears unbroken or the padlock is in the locked position, your session connection is taking place via a secure server. If you need a strong encryption browser, you can go to the Microsoft website to download the latest Internet Explorer browser. We do not recommend the use of beta browser versions.YOUR PASSWORD AND OTHER SECURITY ISSUESYour 4Structures.com username and password are your private entry keys into your in4structure® account or other member only areas of the Website. You should never share it with anyone (even your secretary, paralegal or assistant, for whom we can set up a separate in4structure® account), and you should change it periodically.If you are a customer and have a concern about your personal or account information maintained at 4Structures.com, or want to correct, update, or confirm your information, please contact us at (203)325-8640 or jdarer@4structures.com. You may also change your username, password or other registration information at any time after logging in by clicking on your Account Tools.LOGGING OFFAfter you've finished accessing your 4Structures.com account, don't forget to log off. This prevents someone else from accessing your account if you leave your computer and your session hasn't automatically shut down.
Contact Us
|
Structured Annuity Companies
|
Ethics
|
Structured Settlement Watchdog Blog|
FAQ
|
Glossary
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms and Conditions
Call Us Today!
4structures.com, LLC The Structured Settlements and Settlement Planning Company 43 Harbor Drive, #309 Stamford, CT 06902 USA888-325-8640646-849-1588 New York City (Manhattan, Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island), Westchester, Long Island)Structured Settlements and Settlement Planning, for Aviation, Medical Malpractice, Serious Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Employment, Auto, Maritime, Workers Compensation, Real Estate, Intellectual Property, Attorney Fee Deferrals, Structured Installment SalesStructured settlements, settlement planning, Sudden Money®, financial transitionist and insurance related services provided by 4structures.com LLC.             Financial Advisory Services provided through Groove Financial Advisors, LLC, and its service partners.   Fiduciary services, including the custody and administration of trusts provided via service partners.            Securities and Insurance Products are NOT Insured by the FDIC, nor by any other Federal or State Government Agency, are NOT a Deposit of and are NOT Guaranteed by a Bank or any Bank Affiliate, and securities MAY lose value.
Copyright ©2020 4structures.com LLCAll rights reserved.
Share by: