http://www.leadr.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Resolution Institute is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Resolution Institute has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practises for Resolution Institute.
Personal information
Resolution Institute does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the registration process for subscription or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g. forums), suggestions and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information about an individual will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the individual at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the individual will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings and/or any third parties.
Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the individual, we reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
How we use your personal information
We reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of individuals' behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of individuals that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners.
Upon request, we will allow any individual to 'opt-out' of further promotional contacts at any time. Where an individual had previously agreed to information being provided to an unaffiliated third party and 'opts-out' we are unable to retrospectively remove information about the individual from the records of the unaffiliated third party, however the individual's information will no longer provide information to the third parties.
Your access to and updating of your personal information
An individual may request access to his or her personal information held on the database. Resolution Institute may charge for making information available including for labour, materials and delivery costs. On request we will take such steps (if any) to correct or update personal information as are, in the circumstances, reasonable to ensure that, the information is accurate, up to date, complete and not misleading, having regard to the purpose for which the information may be lawfully used. Also, upon an individual's request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the individual and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete an individual's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
Resolution Institute may refuse a request for access to personal information or correction of personal information in certain circumstances, for example where prevented by law. As soon as possible after receiving a request for access or correction to information Resolution Institute will let the individual know of the decision.
How we protect your personal information
Access to the database containing personal information is restricted to Resolution Institute staff members with direct responsibility for customer service or management of the website. Authorised staff members are not allowed to pass on information about members to non-authorised staff without the express permission of the Chief Executive Officer.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Resolution Institute reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying individual users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Opt-Out
Our site provides individuals the opportunity:
To remove their information from our database
To not receive future communications
To no longer receive our service
To do so, please contact us here.