http://www.pastor-appreciation.net/internet-user-privacy-policy.html
Pastor-Appreciation.net
Pastor Appreciation Ideas to Honor Pastors
Internet User Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
An internet user privacy online is important to users of this Pastor Appreciation focused  website, especially when conducting business.This internet privacy statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (Visitors), both those who visit without transacting business and Visitors who do transact business on the Site, making use of the various services offered by Pastor-Appreciation.net (collectively, Services, Authorized Customers).We want you to know that at Pastor-Appreciation.net we are dedicated to protecting your data and privacy. We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use Pastor-Appreciation.net, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. This will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.Pastor-Appreciation.net strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.Personal Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.Personal Identifiable Information refers to any information the user voluntarily provides that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information.
Information About Our Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that Pastor-Appreciation.net stores on your computer, which your browser provides to Pastor-Appreciation.net each time you return to the site. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their use of our website, and their website access preferences.We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser.The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables (website/company name) to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic.They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web site to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. No personal identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot Personal identify you with that information on our web site.Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
Google Analytics Cookies
Pastor-Appreciation.net uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Advertising Cookies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. We share this information with these companies, but do not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from our website.You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks. Click on the following link to opt out of these networks: http://optout.aboutads.info.Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google's cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page.For more information from Google how Google manages data in its ad products go to  https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
Affiliate Products and Services Information
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the products and services that are advertised on this ministry based website you are presently on, which is Pastor-Appreciation.net.Some of the affiliate services platforms we use are Amazon, ShareASale, ClickBank, Commission Junction, Shopify, Nanacast, JVZoo, Warriorplus, Infusionsoft, PayKickStart, as well as affiliate offers from individual websites with their own affiliate programs. Each of these ecom platforms have privacy policies of their own.
Retargeting Ads and Tracking Pixels
Pastor-Appreciation.net uses retargeting ads, which require the setting of cookies in your browser.Pastor-Appreciation.net uses Facebook pixels to determine the effectiveness of some Facebook ad campaigns. You can change your Facebook ad settings at https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen.
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.If you choose to refuse Pastor-Appreciation.net's cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
Pastor-Appreciation.net may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:To run and operate our site.To display content on the site correctly.To improve customer service.To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.To personalize your user experience.To understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.To improve our site.To improve our products and services.To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.To respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.Pastor-Appreciation.net may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.Specifically, if you subscribe to our newsletter, we will ask for your first name and will require your email address.If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.If you submit content to us, we will ask for your name and email address. Photos you include with your submission, or details in your submission, may personally identify you.If you request to be notified about comments on any content you submit to us, or request to be notified when others submit content, we will require your first name and your email address.If you purchase a product or service from us, we will collect your name, email address, billing address and credit card number.This site lets you share content with your friends and followers on various social media platforms.  Pastor-Appreciation.net offers RSS as a way to easily follow content updates. We may use FeedBurner or FeedBlitz to let you subscribe to these updates via your email address. We may also provide links for easy access toa RSS reader, so review its privacy policy.You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.We also collect each visitor's IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
What Personal Identifiable Information Is Collected?
We collect the following additional information from Authorized Customers who purchase web based products or subscribe to internet based service: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses provided by Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.
What You Should Know About Links To Other Websites
Pastor-Appreciation.net contains links to other websites that may be of interest to you. However, once you have used them to leave our site, we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites. These sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Always exercise caution by reviewing the privacy statement of the website in question before continuing to use it.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Important Children's Privacy Protection Information
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
Release of Information
If we sell Pastor-Appreciation.net, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Data Storage
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site  is stored on our host's servers. That host is SiteSell Inc., located at 1000 Saint-Jean Boulevard, Suite 702, Pointe-Claire, QC H9R 5P1 Canada.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information. If you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to download and review that information, [link]click on this link[/link]. [Add a link to the GDPR data review page for your site.]You can also request to edit or delete any of your information from the servers by [link]clicking on this link[/link]. [Add link to the GDPR data REQUEST page for your site.]
Updates and Effective Date
Pastor-Appreciation.net reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to Pastor-Appreciation.net's privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.Last updated: June 11, 2018
Ad Disclosure: Yes, I proudly acknowledge that I may receive a commission should  you click on  a link or banner when searching for Pastor Appreciation gifts or ideas. For example,  as an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying  purchases made by visitors from this website.I also recommend other websites for which I may receive compensation if you click on the link to visit a recommended site.
HomeLatest Site PagesAppreciation PoemsContact UsAppreciation MonthPastor AppreciationMeet Chaplain PaulAppreciation IdeasPastor's SalaryAppreciation Gift IdeasPrivacy PolicyEncourage Your Pastor
Copyright 2005-2019 - Chaplain Paul Slater, San Diego, CA
We are a participants in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program.
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.