http://www.eagleswings.com/pages/privacy-statement
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
COLLEGE
MLB
NFL
NHL
MILITARY
INSPIRATIONAL
MORE
CONTACT US
HELP
CUSTOM
BLOG
PRIVACY
ACCESSIBILITY
Privacy Statement
Your Privacy
Privacy Statement for www.eagleswings.com
Eagles Wings has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our Information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.eagleswings.com.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. Cookies allow the server to store and retrieve a small text file on the client application's system. This file can only be read by the issuing server and cannot contain a virus. Cookies enable the store to keep track of what items have been selected for purchase. These cookies are deleted at the end of the purchase. There is also the option of creating a profile cookie. This cookie keeps track of non-secure information such as name, address, and e-mail address. This cookie would only be read if you revisited the store. This cookie lasts for one year.
The information contained in the cookies cannot be seen by any other site than Eagles Wings. We will never release nor sell this information to any third party.
This site contains links to other sites. www.EaglesWings.com is Not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Security This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use a Verisign certificate with 128 bit encryption for all of the secure transactions. All order information is kept in a separate database with password protection.
Choice/Opt-Out Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to unsubscribe@eagleswings.com and put "unsubscribe eagleswings-info " as the first line of the body. (without the quotes)
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Eagles Wings, Inc.2101 Old Hickory Tree RoadSt. Cloud, FL. 34772support@eagleswings.com
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh