https://www.deliriumsrealm.com/about/privacy/
Skip to main content Skip to header right navigation Skip to site footerAboutSupport FAQContactLoginPrivacyThis policy was last modified on 10/26/2017What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies?Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.DeliriumsRealm is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.We use cookies to make sure you have the best experience on our website. OK?   Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.