https://www.yogapoint.com/info/terms-conditions.htm
HOME
YOGA 101 BASICS
What is Yoga?
History Of Yoga
Hatha Yoga
Ashtanga yoga
Karma Yoga
Jnana Yoga
Kundalini Yoga
Mantra Yoga
Articles
YOGA PRACTICE
Yoga Poses
Pranayama
Meditation
Cleansing Techniques
Mantras
Yoga Nidra
Bandhas (Locks)
Mudras
Sanskrit
Yoga For Beginners
Basic To Advance Asana
Basic Movements
Asana for Beginners
Intermediate Asana
Advanced Asana
Types Of Asana
Forward Bends
Back Bends
Side Bends
Twists
Stretches
Inversions
Balancing Postures
Relaxing Poses
Meditative Poses
Asana For Health Problems
Obesity
Anxiety & Depression
Arthritis
Diabetes
Back Pain
High Blood Pressure
Thyroid Problems
Menstrual Problems
Menopause
Infertility
Digestive Problems
Asthma
Heart Problems
Cancer
HIV
Insomnia
Special Asana Programs
Pregnancy
Menstruation
kids
Old Age
Stress Management
Weight Loss
Surya Namskar
LIFESTYLE
Ayurveda
Yoga Food & Diet
Herbs
Daily Lifestyle
Lifestyle Tips
YOGA THERAPY
TRAINING & COURSES
Online 200 Hours Yoga Teacher Training in 2020
Online 100 Hours Yoga Philosophy Psychology Program in 2020
Online Yoga Therapy Training Program
Online Pre and Postnatal Yoga Teacher Training
Yoga Teacher Training (250 Hrs)
Yoga Therapy Training (250 Hrs)
Advance Yoga Training (250 Hrs)
Kids Yoga Teacher Training (100 Hrs)
Pre & Post Natal Teacher Training (100 Hrs)
Yoga Psychology (100 Hrs)
Yoga Treatment and Lifestyle Program
Ayurveda & Yoga Lifestyle Program
Womens Yoga Wellness Course
Ayurvedic Yoga Massage Course
Chakra Immersion Course (90 hours)
Yoga Festival
YOGA PHILOSOPHY
Yoga Sutras Of Patanjali
Bhagavad Gita
Upnishads
Yoga Traditions
Yoga Gurus & Masters
ABOUT US
Yog Vidya Gurukul - Institute
Yoga Therapy Centre
Recognised Centres
Yoga Teacher's Directory
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
We welcome you to www.yogapoint.com website owned by Yoga Vidya Gurukul. The terms and conditions is an agreement regulating our relationship with regard to the use of www.yogapoint.com for shopping by you, the user. You are advised to read this Agreement carefully. If you are not agreeable to any terms and conditions, you should not use the Services. You can use www.yogapoint.com shopping services if you are agreeable to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement in their entirety. By clicking on the space provided on the www.yogapoint.com website, you will be deemed to have accepted this Agreement and it will be a legally binding Agreement between you and Groovy Machines Limited.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by Yoga Vidya Gurukul. at Nasik, India, as such the laws of India shall apply; courts in Nasik shall have jurisdiction in respect of all the terms & conditions and disclaimers. Yoga Vidya Gurukul. reserves the right to make changes to the site and the terms, conditions and disclaimers.
Definitions
"Agreement" means the terms and conditions as detailed herein including all schedules, shipping policy, privacy policy, disclaimers, and will include the references to this Agreement as amended, supplemented, varied or replaced from time to time.
"www.yogapoint.com Site" means the online shopping platform owned and operated by Yoga Vidya Gurukul., which provides a platform to the users to buy the products listed on www.yogapoint.com.
"Customer" / "Buyer" shall mean the person or any legal entity who accepts the products for sale on www.yogapoint.com by placing an order for and or purchases any products offered for sale on( Domain name).
Eligibility
You represent and warrant that you are competent and eligible to enter into legally binding agreement and have the requisite authority to bind Yoga Vidya Gurukul., to this Agreement. You shall not use this Site if you are not competent to contract under the applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Term of Agreement/Service
This Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as you are using www.yogapoint.com services. www.yogapoint.com provides the online shopping platform wherein the Users can purchase/buy the products listed on www.yogapoint.com (the "Services") pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth below. By clicking on the [Close] button, You agree to use the Services in a manner consistent with the terms hereof and also agree to abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including but not limited to the privacy policy, and with all applicable laws and regulations. Either you or www.yogapoint.com may terminate the service at any time, with or without cause. However www.yogapoint.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the www.yogapoint.com services and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without any notices.
Modification of Terms and conditions of Service
www.yogapoint.com may at any time modify the terms and conditions ("Terms") of the Services without any prior notification to you. You can access the latest version of the Terms, which shall be updated regularly at the link our website. You undertake to regularly review the Terms. In the event that the modified Terms are not acceptable to you, you shall immediately discontinue using the Services. However, if you continue to use the Services, you hereby agree to accept and be bound by the modified Terms.
Electronic Communication (Email)
Your consent to receiving communications from www.yogapoint.com electronically. will communicate with Users by email or by posting offers on the Site.
You further agree and undertake that you are accessing the services available on this Site and transacting at your sole risk and are using your best and prudent judgment before entering into any transaction through this Site.
All orders shall be pre-approved with an acceptable method of payment as available through payment service providers connected with Yoga Vidya Gurukul., which may call for and require additional verification or information.
Yoga Vidya Gurukul. follows a strict verification policy to protect your interests and avoid fraudulent transactions on the site. You agree to provide copies of your credit card, statements or related documents to authenticate your transaction if asked for.
The address at which delivery of the product ordered by you is to be made should be correct and proper in all respects.
After the receipt of payment from the Buyer, we shall arrange for the delivery of the product to the buyer at the shipping address provided by the Buyer.
Any and all orders placed by you on this Site are a firm commitment to purchase and You are obligated to complete the transaction and not contest it in anyway.
Before placing an order you are advised to check the product description carefully. By placing an order for a product you agree to be bound by the conditions of sale included in the item's description.
Credit card details
You agree, understand and confirm that the credit card details provided by you for availing of services on www.yogapoint.com will be correct and accurate and you shall not use the credit card which is not lawfully owned by you. You further agree and undertake to provide the correct and valid credit card details to EBS Payment Gateway. Further the said information will be not be utilized and shared by us with any of the third parties unless required by law, regulation or court order.
Cancellation/ Refund Policy
Please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to process and must cancel even if approved. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Some situations that may result in your order being cancelled include unavailability of stocks, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. In case we are not able to process your order within 15 working days we will initiate a refund.
If your order is cancelled after the payment was made by Credit Card or Net-Banking, we will refund the Credit Card or Net-Banking account. If the payment mode was Cheque or DD, we will send you a cheque (not a DD). Cheques will be sent only to the billing address of the customer.
In case we receive a cancellation notice from the customer and the order has not been processed/ approved by us, we shall cancel the order and refund the entire amount. We will not be able to cancel orders that have already been processed and shipped out.
© Vishwamitra System Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
Yogapoint
Upcoming Events
COURSE
Venue
Contact Details
India Ashram
Yoga Vidya Gurukul
Village Talwade, Trimbak, Nasik
Maharashtra,India.
Phone - +91-9822770727
E-mail - yoga@yogapoint.com or yogapoint108@gmail.com
India Office
Address of Institute office in Nasik
Yoga Vidya Dham, Kaivalya Nagari,
College Road, Nashik - 422005.
Maharashtra, India.
Phone - +91-9822770727 (for courses in ENGLISH)
+91-253-2318090 (For courses, in HINDI or MARATHI)
(Please call during 9.00 AM to 5 PM Indian Time)
E-mail - yoga@yogapoint.co or yogapoint108@gmail.com
India Therapy Hospital
YOGA VIDYA GURUKUL
Village Talwade, Trimbak, Nasik
Maharashtra,India.
Phone - +91-9822770727
E-mail - yoga@yogapoint.com or yogapoint108@gmail.com
Australia
Yogapoint Australia48 Russell Ave, Faulconbridge, NSW 2776, Australia+61 2 475 12 193+61 451 314 385
Singapore
Yogapoint3rd floor, 31B Kreta Ayer Rd,Singapore 088998 +65 97844058
Kazakhstan
Yoga SanskarZenkova-33, Almaty,Republic of Kazakhstan+7 7075 435 329
Italy
YogajoyaVia Montegrappa 87, 32100 Belluno,
Itlay+39 3490883605
Spain
Raja Yoga MadridCalle Eduardo Costa 21,Local 7, C.C. El Bulevar, Torrelodones, Madrid. C.P. 28250Telephone - +34 657 645 589info@rajayogamadrid.com
Hong Kong
Flat D, 2/F, 419 Castle Peak Road,Tsuen Wan,
Hong Kong+852 9344 8589
Yoga Teacher Directory
Our Certified Teachers & Yoga Therapist (Yoga Vidya Gurukul Certified)
Australia
Austria
Argentina
Belgium
Brazil
Bahrain
Bulgaria
Canada
China
Chile
Cambodia
Costa
Rica
Colombia
Cyprus
Croatia
Czech
Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
France
Finland
Germany
Greece
Hong
Kong
Hungary
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Malaysia
Mexico
Malawi
Netherlands
New
Zealand
New
Caledonia
Nepal
Norway
Oman
Portugal
Puerto
Rico
Poland
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
Slovenia
Switzerland
Spain
South
Africa
South
Korea
Sri
Lanka
Sweden
Thailand
Turkey
Taiwan
USA
UK
UAE
Vietnam
Venezuela
West
Indies
Zambia
Top