http://www.jewishvoice.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Register
Log in
Search
About
About Jewish Voice
Our Leadership
Careers
Contact
Give
One-Time
Monthly
Holocaust Survivors
Non-Cash Gifts
Planned Giving
Retirement Asset (RMD)
Watch
This Week's Show
All Shows
TV Schedule
Upcoming Shows
Interviews
Israel Newscast
Podcast
Go
Medical Outreaches
Festivals
Israel Tour
Read
Blog
Magazine
Newsletter
Messianic Literature
Learn
Who Is Yeshua?
Messianic Judaism
Theological Questions
Why Israel?
Last Days
Lost Tribes
Speaking Engagements
Pray
For You
For Us
The Scriptures
Partner with Us
Shop
Contact
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
YouTube
Register
Log in
Privacy Policy
Jewish Voice Ministries (JVM) is committed to respecting the privacy of you, our ministry partner (we refer to donors as ministry partners to recognize this special relationship). This partner (donor) Privacy Policy has been developed to ensure that your private information (online and offline) will not be shared with any third party.
Awareness. We reserve the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy by posting such changes to our website. JVM also provides you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list should that be your desire, or as per GDPR, delete your personal information (for UK/EU members).
Information Collected. The types of online and offline partner (donor) information that we collect and maintain are as follows:
Contact information: name, organization/church, complete address, phone number, email address
Payment information: credit card number and expiration date, billing information
Shipping information: name, organization/church, complete address
Information concerning how you heard about JVM
Information you wish to share: questions, comments, and suggestions
Your requests to receive periodic updates. For example, to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings related to specific fundraising appeals, prayer concerns and newsletters.
How Information Is Used. JVM uses your online and offline information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your online and offline information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on ministry happenings. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication.
Sharing of Personal Information. Jewish Voice Ministries International (JVMI) contracts with companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending email newsletters, shipping products, maintaining databases and sending mail. These third parties use your information only to fulfill the task we have hired them to perform.
If you submit information to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted. We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about other JVMI activities and/or fundraising campaigns, to conduct matching on Facebook or other social media. We may also use your name, postal address and telephone number(s) to contact you offline.
We do not sell, rent or lease our mailing list to other organizations that solicit donations or sell any products.
We may disclose some personal information to select third parties in order to more effectively target our communications. Disclosing this information allows JVMI to discover others like yourself who may be interested in partnering with Jewish Voice to proclaim the Gospel to the Jew first. This information may include value and total number of donations for a certain period of time. The information is disclosed very carefully to make sure your personal information is protected. We value your trust and will always endeavor to be responsible with your information. If you prefer not to participate, you can email us at partnerservices@jewishvoice.org, or call us at 800-299-9374 and let us know that you do not want your information shared. Please include your full name and address so we can properly identify your record. In every case we will do our best to promptly respond to your request to not be included in such mailing.
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List. We do not desire to send unwanted mail to our partners (donors). Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list. See Contacting Us section below.
Website Information. Our online registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests and similar information. During the registration process we do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address. We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers, administer our site, analyze trends, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve the site and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "Cookies." Our site may use cookies to enhance your online experience. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to your computer for record-keeping purposes. Use of cookies makes Web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords and your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website, and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
Security. All information provided to JVM is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of JVM. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend. If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. JVM will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. JVM stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Websites. Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which JVM has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites, as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting Us. If you have comments or questions about our Partner (Donor) Privacy Policy or your dealings with our website, please send an email to partnerservices@jewishvoice.org, call us toll free at 1-800-299-9374, or contact us by postal mail:
Jewish Voice Ministries International
PO Box 31998
Phoenix, AZ 85046-1998
Social Media Community Guidelines
JVMI seeks to maintain a healthy social media community and we welcome your comments and participation that fall within our community guidelines.
Respect
JVMI encourages comments and discussion but will not allow comments which are abusive, threatening or disrespectful. Please do not engage in personal attacks or antagonize other members of our social media community. Whether you agree with someone else's opinion or not, please respect their right to voice their opinion. We will remove comments that violate these terms.
Comments by Others
JVMI does not endorse or support all comments or opinions posted by community members on its accounts. Comments that include advice and opinions are the views of those commenting and do not always represent the views of JVMI.
Deletions
JVMI reserves the right to restrict or remove any content that violates our community guidelines.
JVMI reserves the right, but undertakes no duty, to review, edit, move, or delete any material posted by others in its sole discretion, without notice. JVMI may move or delete a conversation if we believe it is interfering with current discussions. JVMI may also block users from further participation at any time if they continuously do not follow community guidelines.
External Links (including advertising links)
The posting of external websites by others does not constitute endorsement by JVMI of the linked Web sites and will more than likely be deleted.