http://www.stpauls.co.uk/visits/visits/terms-and-conditions-of-entry-to-st-pauls-cathedral
Home
Remember Me
Resource Hub
Staff & Volunteer Support Point
Visit Us
Mailing List
Who We Are & Contacts
Contact Us
Charity Ticket Requests
The Bishop of London
Members of Chapter
Minor Canons and Priest Vicar
Cathedral Governance
Ethical Investment
Annual Reports
Staff Portal
HR, policies
and how to guides
Wellbeing, support and learning for staff and volunteers
St Paul's Cathedral and its Land
Safeguarding
Media
2013
2012
Photography
Vacancies
Shop
Service Schedule
News
Videos
St Paul's Cathedral School
Web Access
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Statement of Investment
Principles
Cookies
Sitemap
Worship & Music
Worship
Dean's Welcome
Responding to COVID-19 pandemic
Online services
Daily reflections
US thanksgiving service 2020
Season of Remembrance 2020
Advent & Christmas 2020
Service Schedule
Choral Evensong at St Paul's
Virtual Pilgrimage
Special Services and Events
Choir of the Nation
Read Sermons
The Diocese of London
Cathedral Videos
Weddings & Baptisms
Confirmations
Music
Concerts & Events
Cathedral Choirs & Musicians
Choir & Organ Recordings
The Organs & Bells
Music Outreach
Visiting Choirs & Musicians
Support the Music
Service Schedule
Visit Us
About Your Visit
Sightseeing, Times & Prices
COVID-19 Updates: Keeping your visit safe
Christmas with St Paul's
Buy Tickets Online
St Paul's Shop online
Guided Tours
Multimedia Guides
Kids go free this Christmas
Experience St Paul's Cathedral online
Explore the Cathedral
Accessibility
Visitor Information
Photography at St Paul's
Group Visits
Travel Trade Visits
Terms and Conditions of Entry to St
Paul's Cathedral
Learning & Faith
Schools & Family Learning
Families
Distance Learning Resources
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
GCSE: Visits and Resources
Self-Guided Visits
Virtual Visits
Booking a Visit
Access and SEND
Resources for Teachers
Adult Learning
Life in Abundance: New Online Events
Online Winter Bookclub
Specially-Commissioned Reflections
Black History Month
Hard Questions for Hard Times
Sunday Forum Films
Films & Podcasts
Faith
The Christian Faith
The Anglican Communion
The Church of England
St Paul's Institute
History & Collections
History
Cathedral Timeline
History Highlights
Explore the Cathedral
Online Exhibits with Google Art & Culture
London Craft Week 2020: Crafting St
Paul's
The Collections
Cathedral Art
Talks, Activities & Events
Collections Highlights
Collections database
The Library
The Object Collection
The Archives
Conservation
Image Requests
Support Us
Support Us
Donate to us
Delivering access for all at St Paul's
Become a Volunteer
Become a Friend
Leaving a Legacy
Trusts & Foundations
Conservation
Music & Choristers
Securing the tradition of sung worship at St Paul's
St Paul's Cathedral Trust in America
City Livery Companies
Corporate Partnerships
Venue Bookings
Venue Bookings
Quick Event Space Guide
Wren Suite
Crypt
Chapter House
Nelson Chamber
North Churchyard
Approved Caterers
Approved Suppliers
Home
Welcome to SM4!
Worship & Music
St Paul’s Cathedral has been here for over 1,400 years. It has been built and rebuilt five times, and always its main purpose has been as a
place of worship and prayer.
Visit Us
St Paul's, with its world-famous dome, is an iconic feature of the London skyline. Step inside and you can enjoy the Cathedral's awe-inspiring
interior, and uncover fascinating stories about its history.
Learning & Faith
Lifelong learning is a core part of the our work, delivered through a variety of events by St Paul's Institute, and the
Cathedral's Adult Learning and Schools & Family Learning departments.
History & Collections
For more than 1,400 years, a Cathedral dedicated to St Paul has stood at the highest point in the City. The present Cathedral is the
masterpiece of Britain's most famous architect Sir Christopher Wren.
Support Us
Behind the scenes, the cost of caring for St Paul's and continuing to deliver our central ministry and work is enormous and the generosity of
our supporters is critical.
Venue Bookings
Widely considered to be one of the world’s most beautiful buildings and a powerful symbol of the splendour of London, St Paul’s Cathedral is a
breathtaking events venue.
Home
Visit Us
About Your Visit
Terms and Conditions of Entry to St Paul's Cathedral
About Your Visit
Sightseeing, Times & Prices
Why do we charge?
COVID-19 Updates: Keeping your visit safe
Christmas with St Paul's
Christmas Gifting with St
Paul's
Buy Tickets Online
St Paul's Shop online
Build your own Dome
terms and conditions
Where Light Falls
Guided Tours
Multimedia Guides
Kids go free this Christmas
Experience St Paul's Cathedral online
Explore the Cathedral
Accessibility
Visitor Information
Photography at St Paul's
Group Visits
Travel Trade Visits
Terms and Conditions of Entry to St Paul's
Cathedral
Back to Home
Today at the Cathedral View More
10:00am
Doors open for sightseeing
12:30pm
Eucharist
4:00pm
Last entry for sightseeing
5:00pm
Choral Evensong
Terms and Conditions of Entry to St Paul's Cathedral
The Corporation of the Cathedral Church of St Paul in London (St Paul’s Cathedral) warmly welcomes you, and hopes you enjoy your visit. To ensure
the enjoyment, wellbeing and safety of visitors, volunteers and staff, we ask that all visitors to the Cathedral are subject to and abide by our
terms and conditions of entry. By entering the Cathedral you are deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions and also acceptance of our
Privacy Policy.
COVID-19
We have changed some of our operating procedures to keep staff and visitors safe. Hand sanitisers are available on entry to the Cathedral and at
other points throughout your visit. During your visit and within the shop, we ask that you wear a mask, as per government
requirements.
We ask visitors to comply with the 2m social distancing rule that applies within the Cathedral and respect others in the building. Should you not
comply with this we reserve the right to ask you to leave without refund if you have purchased a ticket.
To comply with government guidelines, we are retaining visitor and worshipper details for Track and Trace purposes. These details will be kept
securely and destroyed after 21 days, as per guidelines.
Please refer to our Keeping Safe section on the website for more information on our COVID 19
safety procedures.
1.    Security and personal belongings
1.1 In the interests of safety, visitors may be asked to submit to a search of their person and/or belongings and anyone refusing to submit or
found to be in possession of materials believed by St Paul’s Cathedral to be offensive, dangerous or unsuitable may be denied entry, have their
items confiscated or be removed from the Cathedral.
1.2 St Paul’s Cathedral does not accept liability for any damage howsoever caused to items during a security search.
1.3 St Paul’s Cathedral have the exclusive right to determine what items are dangerous or prohibited and what items may be brought into the
Cathedral.
1.4 Dangerous or prohibited items may be left at the entrance with Cathedral staff or its appointed agents for collection after a visit. St Paul’s
Cathedral accepts no responsibility for loss, theft or damage howsoever caused to such items.
1.5 Illegal items such as knives, pepper spray, mace, CS spray or any offensive weapons cannot be left at the entrance for later collection and
will not be allowed into the Cathedral. These items will be confiscated and police may be informed.
1.6 Visitors cannot bring any item or luggage into the Cathedral above the maximum permitted dimensions of 45cm x 30cm x 25cm including handles,
wheels and pockets. As there is no cloakroom facility please do not bring larger items with you. Prams and pushchairs are permitted should they
exceed these dimensions.
1.7 Visitors must keep their personal belongings with them at all times and St Paul’s Cathedral accepts no responsibility for loss, theft or damage
howsoever caused to any personal belongings brought into the Cathedral.
2.    Rights of access
2.1 As a busy working Cathedral and historic building, St Paul’s Cathedral reserves the right to change any advertised opening hours and areas open
to visitors.
2.2 Where a visitor is in possession of a sightseeing admission ticket we offer no rights to a refund in circumstances where the areas open to such
ticketholders may be restricted. Where opening hours might need to vary from those advertised by St Paul’s Cathedral at the time of purchase of a
sightseeing admission ticket, ticketholders may request to amend their visit date or to request a refund of the amount paid. There is no right to
compensation in such circumstances beyond refund of the ticket price paid.
3.    Children
3.1 St Paul’s Cathedral welcomes people of all ages to attend the Cathedral, be that to worship, for an event or as a sightseer.
3.2 Visitors with a sightseeing admission ticket should please be aware that a child ticketholder (available to those aged 6-17 years) must be
accompanied by an adult aged 18 or over at all times when accessing the Dome Galleries.
3.3 Groups of 10 or more children must be accompanied and supervised by an adult(s) aged 18 or over at all times during a visit. Please refer to
formal education group guidelines as issued by our Education team.
3.4 St Paul’s Cathedral does not accept legal responsibility for students visiting as a group and it is the responsibility of the group leader to
ensure they have the correct level of supervision at all times whilst on site
3.5 Parents should stay with their children at all times.
4.    Visitor conduct
4.1 Visitors must comply with all directions from our staff, relevant health and safety notices, policies and announcements made available within
the Cathedral.
4.2 St Paul’s Cathedral reserves the right to refuse admission to the Cathedral, ban from entry to the Cathedral, or remove from the Cathedral
without any right to a refund (where applicable) any person:
4.2.1 Whose presence or behaviour may affect the enjoyment and/or safety of other visitors or staff.
4.2.2 Who uses violent, aggressive, threatening, abusive, discriminatory or insulting words or behaviour that our staff may find unacceptable.
4.2.3 Whom climbs or stands upon barriers, walls, roofs, exhibits or any other features at the Cathedral.
4.3 St Paul’s Cathedral reserves the right to initiate legal proceedings or prosecute any person found damaging or defacing any part of the
buildings, walls, barriers, exhibits or fabrics at the Cathedral or has displayed any sign or visible representation of any kind which is, or could
be reasonably judged to be, threatening, abusive or insulting.
4.4 St Paul’s Cathedral reserves the right to refuse admission or to remove a visitor from the Cathedral without any right to a refund (where
applicable) if in our reasonable opinion there has been a breach of any of the following:
4.4.1 No smoking, including e-cigarettes and vaping.
4.4.2 No pets or animals except for guide dogs, hearing dogs and registered assistance dogs.
4.4.3 No consumption of food or drink in areas open to the public, other than water in transparent containers. Food and drink may be consumed
in designated café and picnicking areas.
4.4.4 No offensive, dangerous or prohibited items.
4.4.5 No access to any area of the Cathedral other than areas designated for access by visitors.
4.4.6 No unnecessary noise (whether from mobile phones or personal stereos or otherwise) or behaviour likely to annoy or offend other visitors
or intimidate Cathedral staff.
4.4.7 No use of illegal drugs or consumption of alcohol except in authorised places and in accordance with the Licensing Act 2003.
4.5 The use of roller skates, scooters (except for mobility scooters), skateboards, roller blades or roller-shoes is not permitted in the
Cathedral.
4.6 St Paul’s Cathedral is a place of Worship and therefore we ask that all visitors respect and are sensitive to this.
4.7 St Paul’s Cathedral operates a zero tolerance policy; aggressive or abusive behaviour towards Cathedral staff will not be tolerated.
5.    Photography
5.1 Respectful non-flash photography for personal use only is permitted inside the Cathedral during sightseeing opening hours. Please be
considerate of other visitors when using a camera.
5.2 The following activities are not permitted:
5.2.1 Photography in any areas where it would be unsafe or inappropriate and which are marked accordingly. These include, but are not limited
to, the Whispering Gallery and any chapels designated for private prayer.
5.2.2 Video and recording of moving image.
5.2.3 The use of flash or additional lighting, tripods, monopods and selfie sticks.
5.2.4 Photography of children and young people without consent of the accompanying adult.
5.2.5 Commercial photography except with prior permission (visit our Media page for more information).
5.2.6 On Sundays, after Evening Prayer and during services, we ask that visitors do not take photographs or videos. A member of the St Paul’s
team will advise on arrival, please also refer to on site signage.
5.3 Please read our full Photography Policy. St Paul’s Cathedral reserves the right to amend or
replace the photography policy at any time and without advance notice.
5.4 St Paul’s Cathedral, or other authorised parties, may from time to time carry out photography and/or video recording in the Cathedral, which
may feature visitors. You agree that St Paul’s Cathedral or any authorised party may use such images in perpetuity in any promotional, advertising
or publicity material in any format whatsoever. You further agree that copyright in these materials rests with St Paul’s Cathedral or such
authorised party (as the case may be). Signage will be clearly displayed to alert you to any recording. Should you not wish to be filmed, please
make yourself known to a member of the Visitor Experience team or Virgers.
6.    Groups
6.1 It is the responsibility of a group leader to ensure that their group members are aware of and comply with these terms and conditions of entry.
If a group member breaches any terms and conditions that may result in their refusal of admission or removal from the Cathedral, St Pauls’
Cathedral reserves the right to apply the same for the entire group without any right to a refund (where applicable).
6.2 Group leaders must additionally ensure that they and their group comply with any group visiting guidelines issued to them in advance or on
arrival by Cathedral staff.
7.    Liability
7.1 Except in respect of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or by that of our employees or any other liability that cannot, as a
matter of law be excluded or limited by English law:
7.1.1 We exclude our liability for any loss, damage, cost or expense suffered by you or occurring to any items belonging to you as a result of
your visit; and
7.1.2 Our liability to you shall be limited to the price of your admission ticket (where applicable). Under no circumstances will we be liable
to you or to any third party for any consequential or indirect loss, damage or expense.
8.    Law and Jurisdiction
8.1 These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law.  Any dispute arising from, or related to, such Terms and Conditions shall be
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Share this content
Facebook
Twitter
StumbleUpon
Email
SERVICE SCHEDULE
BUY TICKETS
Annual Passes, Day & Gift Tickets
Buy your tickets here >
DONATE
Caring for the Cathedral
How you can help >
Home
Remember Me
Resource Hub
Staff & Volunteer Support Point
Visit Us
Mailing List
Who We Are & Contacts
Contact Us
Charity Ticket Requests
The Bishop of London
Members of Chapter
Minor Canons and Priest Vicar
Cathedral Governance
Ethical Investment
Annual Reports
Staff Portal
HR,
policies and how to guides
Wellbeing, support and learning for staff and volunteers
St Paul's Cathedral and its Land
Safeguarding
Media
2013
2012
Photography
Vacancies
Shop
Service Schedule
News
Videos
St Paul's Cathedral School
Web Access
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Statement of Investment
Principles
Cookies
Sitemap
St Paul's Cathedral
@StPaulsLondon
Follow us
© 2020 Copyright The Chapter of St Paul's Cathedral
Designed and built by Redwing Interactive