http://www.acre.org.uk/privacy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Share
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website; in this policy we explain how we will handle your data. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
How we use your data
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer we collect usage data via Google Analytics.
The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website. The lawful basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website.
About cookies
This website uses cookies. You can find out more about the cookies we use and what they do by visiting our Cookies page.
Providing your usage data to others
We may disclose your usage data to any of our employees for the benefit of improving the website.
International transfers of your usage data
The usage data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). By using this website you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps necessary to ensure that your usage data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Data removal
We take your online privacy very seriously, so if you are unhappy, or would prefer your usage data to be removed then let us know via the contact details at the end of this policy.
Security of usage data
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to secure your usage data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your usage data. We will store all your usage data on secure servers. You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any usage data we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.
Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
Updating information and contact
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated. This website is operated by Now Media on behalf of Acre. Now Media are registered in England and Wales under registration number 3155544, and the registered office and principal place of business is Formal House, 60 St George’s Place, Cheltenham GL50 3PN.
Now Media are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. The data protection registration number is Z289667. If you have any questions regarding this website or the usage data held, please contact the Data Protection officer by email at dpo@now-media.co.uk.