http://www.libertypark.org/privacy-policy
Give
Privacy Policy
INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY
PUBLISHED JULY, 2011
At The Church at Liberty Park (TCLP) we respect the privacy of our web site visitors. We do use information you provide to better serve you, but we also recognize that this information belongs to you and that we must treat it accordingly. The following statement spells out our privacy policy in more detail. The policy applies to www.libertypark.org. If there are material changes to this policy in the future, information concerning any such change will be posted on this webpage.
OUR USE OF PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect two kinds of information about our online visitors: personal and non-personal information. Visitors are not required to register to access the public pages of our sites. Non-personal information is collected to track statistical information regarding the number and type of guests visiting our sites in order to guide our efforts to improve our sites. The non-personal information we monitor includes the areas of the sites visited; date and time of access; host or service-provider information; and identification of the referring site. This information is used exclusively for our internal purposes and is not disclosed to any non-affiliated third parties.
Personal information that can identify a visitor, such as name, address or contact information, is collected only when voluntarily offered and solely for purposes that are clearly identified on our sites. Access to pages with content specific to a ministry area and/or its constituents is password-protected and requires pre-registration. Personal information acquired through registration is kept confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties except as may be required by law. LPBC does not seek personal information from children online.
OUR USE OF “COOKIES”
TCLP may place an electronic "cookie" in the browser files of a guest's computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies themselves do not enable us to access any personal information about our visitors; however, they do allow TCLP to analyze guests’ use of our sites and to improve the user experience. This analysis helps us better understand which areas of our sites are most useful and popular so we can plan improvements and updates accordingly. NPM does not use cookies to retrieve information from a visitor’s computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
INTERNET COMMUNICATION
The privacy of communication over the Internet cannot be guaranteed, because the Internet is not a secure medium. TCLP does not assume any responsibility for any harm, loss, or damage you may experience or incur by the sending of personal or confidential information over the Internet by or to TCLP.
CONSENT
By using this site, you signify your consent to LPBC's on-line privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy from time to time.
CREDIT CARD / PAYMENT INFORMATION POLICY
PUBLISHED JULY, 2011
HOW WE PROTECT CREDIT CARD NUMBERS
TCLP may collect credit card information in the course of business on our sites.  We strive to protect the confidentiality and security of this information in our possession, custody or control by (i) limiting access to card numbers, and (ii) maintaining reasonable safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse or unlawful disclosure of card numbers. No credit card information is stored or logged on any system housed at TCLP - this information is passed straight to our payment processor and always communicated over encrypted communication channels.
Give
Set Up an ACS Login
Privacy Policy