http://www.chelmsfordpres.org.uk/privacy-cookies/
Skip to content
How we use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Here are the cookies in use on the site.
Cookie NameCookie CategoryDescriptionDurationwordpress_2WordPress cookie for a logged in user.sessionwordpress_logged_in_2WordPress cookie for a logged in usersessionwordpress_test_2WordPress cookie for a logged in usersessionwordpress_test_cookie2WordPress test cookiesessionwp-settings-1Wordpress also sets a few wp-settings-[UID] cookies.
The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table.
This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
1 yearwp-settings-time-2Wordpress also sets a few wp-settings-{time}-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
1 yearPHPSESSID1To identify your unique session on the websitesessionSESS1To ensure that you are recognised when you move from page to page within the site and that any information you have entered is remembered.session
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Search for:
Copyright © Chelmsford Presbyterian Church. Registered Charity No. 1160844. A congregation of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church in England and Wales.Privacy & Cookies.
X
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you