http://www.wycliffecollege.ca/programs-courses/academic-policies#privacy
Skip to main content
Announcement
Coronavirus/COVID-19 Response
Coronavirus/COVID-19 Response:  Read information and updates
Study 2020-21
Study 2020-21
It will be a year unlike any that has gone before, but our commitment at Wycliffe College is to provide a safe, supportive, and spiritually formative Christian learning community at the heart of the University of Toronto.
Faculty & Staff
Faculty & Staff
The faculty and staff at Wycliffe College create an inclusive community environment that fosters your academic and spiritual growth.
Core Faculty
Adjunct Faculty
Staff Directory
Faculty Spotlight
Programs & Courses
Programs & Courses
We pride ourselves on providing high-quality, rigorous spiritual education. Our programs & courses will challenge you to grow intellectually and spiritually, and to develop a meaningful life.
Academic Programs
Course Listing/Search
Auditing Courses
Courses
Distance Learning
Academic Policies
Admissions & Finance
Admissions & Finance
We understand the financial obligation that comes with higher education and are proud to offer the most affordable and valuable return for your investment.
Admissions
Financial Aid
International Students
Tuition Fees
Visiting Students
Auditing Courses
Wycliffe Residence
Life at Wycliffe
You'll find a diverse and passionate community at Wycliffe. We do life together. And since we're in the heart of Toronto, there's a lot to do.
Join Livestream Worship
Wycliffe Community
Living in Toronto
Residence
Photo Gallery
Search
Search
More Links >>
Search
Search
About Us
About Us
Learn more about Wycliffe's history & mission along with accreditation information, news, events, media & more!
History
Mission & Values
Wycliffe Blog
News Releases
News & Media
Toronto School of Theology
University of Toronto
Events
Board of Trustees
Accreditation
Accessibility Services
Careers
The Wycliffe Archives
The Word @ Wycliffe E-News
Merchandise
Insight Magazine
Mini Annual Report
Wycliffe Strategic Plan 2019-2025
Archival Documents
Coronavirus Response
Current Students
CURRENT STUDENTS
Find everything you need to make your year go smoothly at Wycliffe.
Join Livestream Worship
Wycliffe Academic Calendar
Course Listing/Search
Documents and Forms
Student Handbooks
Student Governance
Registrar's Office
Libraries
Academic Primer for Success
Biblical Research Tools
Thesis Guidelines
Current Student Spotlight
Graduate Student Spotlight
Wycliffe Graduate Society
The Morning Star
Online/Remote Students
Policies & Statements
Alumni
ALUMNI
Connect with friends, classmates & faculty through the Wycliffe College Alumni Association
Alumni Resources
Alumni Spotlight
Update Graduate Record
Update Personal Details
Alumni Awards
Transcript Request
Events and Ministries
Events and Ministries
Wycliffe College seeks to create and strengthen bridges between the college and the church community, coordinating events and ministries that encourage Christians in their daily lives, ministries, and ongoing spiritual development.
Advent
Boundaries and Bridges
Christian Foundations
Podcasts
Preaching Day
Religion and Society
The Institute of Evangelism
Theology Pub Night
Toronto Children's Ministry Conference 2020
Wycliffe Book Club
Wycliffe Centre for Scripture and Theology: Colloquium
Contact Us
Contact Us
Take time to visit or connect with us! We're happy to answer any questions about our school and our city!
Contact Wycliffe
Staff Directory
Faculty Directory
Directions & Parking
Request for Information
Facility Rental
Transcript Information
Sign Up for e-news
Give to Wycliffe
Give to Wycliffe
Your generous gifts provide Wycliffe students with the opportunity to experience the tradition of academic and spiritual excellence that was established by our founders so many years ago.
Give Now
Why Give?
Ways to Give
Home
Programs & Courses
Programs & Courses
We pride ourselves on providing high-quality, rigorous spiritual education. Our programs & courses will challenge you to grow intellectually and spiritually, and to develop a meaningful life.
Academic Programs
Course Listing/Search
Auditing Courses
Courses
Distance Learning
Academic Policies
Academic Policies
Academic Policies
Library
Academic Calendar
Contact Wycliffe
Give to Wycliffe
As a member of the Toronto School of Theology (TST), Wycliffe follows the academic policies and procedures found in the TST's Basic Degree Handbook and the Graduate Degree Handbook.  The Basic Degree Handbook governs all of Wycliffe's Professional Graduate (formerly Basic) Degree programs, and the Graduate Degree Handbook governs all Academic Graduate (formerly Advanced) Degree programs.
The information below summarizes our policies on program time limits, transfer credits, leaves & extensions, academic discipline and sexual harrassment, grievance procedures, and freedom of information/privacy.  For further details, please consult the handbooks.
Time Limit for Degree Programs
Program Name
Time Limit
MDiv
8 years
MRel
8 years (currently closed to applications)
MTS
8 years
DipCS
6 years
All Graduate Degree Programs
6 years
Full- and Part-Time Study
Your studies are considered full-time if you have a course load of four to six courses per semester.
Your studies are considered part-time if you have three or fewer courses per semester.
Required Full-Time Semesters:
Program
Number and Type of Semesters Required
MDiv
2 full-time, normally consecutive, in residence
MDivPioneer
2 full-time, normally consecutive, in residence
MTS
None. You may complete the entire program on a part-time basis.
MA
None. You may complete the entire program on a part-time basis.
ThM
None. You may complete the entire program on a part-time basis.
PhD
First 2 years full-time
The full-time semesters must be completed in the regular academic year (September through April).
Leave of Absence
Please note that the period of time for a leave of absence does not count towards the maximum number of years during which you may complete your program.
The amount of time you’re granted for parental, health, or compassionate leave depends on your program:
Up to one year for a Professional Graduate Degree Program
Up to two years for an Academic Graduate Degree Program, with a renewal at the end of the first year
Obtain a Leave of Absence form and contact the Registrar's office.
Transfer Credits
You may transfer credits to Wycliffe College for work done at another institution accredited by the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada (ATS).
To determine allowable transfer credits, you must provide course outlines to the Registrar’s office.
Transfer credits can be awarded only for
Courses completed within eight years preceding initial registration at Wycliffe
A maximum of half a program’s required credits
Credits not applied to another Wycliffe degree
Advanced Standing
You may receive advanced standing of up to one year for a completed postgraduate degree in theology.
Assignment Extensions for Professional Graduate Degree Students
You are expected to complete all coursework by the end of the term in which you are registered. One percentage point per day will be deducted from your course grade if you do not request an extension by the stated deadline.
Under exceptional circumstances (e.g., death in the family or serious illness) and with the instructor’s written permission, you may request an extension (SDF = “standing deferred”) beyond the term.
An extension must be arranged by the last day of classes for the term in which you take the course. When obtained, an extension will have a mutually agreed upon deadline that does not extend beyond the end of the following term.
Obtain an Assignment Extension form online or from the Registrar's office.
If you have two or more extensions on your academic record, you won’t be allowed to register for the following semester without permission from the Professional Graduate Degree Director.
Academic Discipline Policy
The University of Toronto Code of Academic Behaviour governs the responsibilities of all parties regarding the integrity of the teaching and learning relationship.
In January 2000, Wycliffe College and all member colleges of the TST adopted the Code of Academic Behaviour, including its definitions of offences and sanctions, and the normative process for adjudicating cases.
Copies of the complete Code are available for reference in the Principal’s Office, the Library, or online.
Non-Academic Discipline Policy
The Principal may require that a student withdraw from the College if at any time he or she fails to commend himself or herself as a person suitable for membership in the College.
Sexual Harassment
At Wycliffe College, we seek to nurture a community where sexual violence, including sexual assault and sexual harassment, are not tolerated, and where those who have been hurt can find healing. All incoming students are required to attend a workshop about sexual harassment. Students taking part in placements must attend the workshop every three years. Staff and faculty also attend the workshop every three years.
As a federated college within the University of Toronto (U of T), and a founding member of the Toronto School of Theology (TST), Wycliffe’s Board of Trustees adopted in January 2017 the University of Toronto Policy on Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment. The policy was adopted with the following modifications as particular to Wycliffe College:
The term “University” shall include the College.
The term “Members of the University Community” shall include members of the Board and each student and resident of the College.
The final sentence of section 74 of the Policy shall be replaced with “The Respondent shall be notified in writing of the decision and any discipline or sanction imposed and will have access to the grievance process set out in the College Staff Handbook in effect from time to time in respect of any appeal of such decision.”
The final sentence of section 75 of the Policy shall be replaced with “The Respondent shall be notified in writing of the decision and any discipline or sanction imposed and will have access to the grievance process set out in the College Faculty Handbook in effect from time to time in respect of any appeal of such decision.”
*
There is help available through Wycliffe College: Please note that these conversations will be completely confidential and without reprisal according to the guidelines of the Policy on Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment.
Principal’s Office: principalsoffice@wycliffe.utoronto.ca
Chaplain: abrownlee@wycliffe.utoronto.ca
There is help available through the University of Toronto:
The U of T’s Sexual Violence Prevention and Support Centre is available to Wycliffe students, staff, and faculty who have been affected by sexual violence or sexual harassment. The Centre offers counseling, medical services, academic or workplace accommodations, financial aid, and legal aid. They can also provide assistance in understanding the University’s Policy on Sexual Violence and Sexual Harassment. Contact the Centre. 416-978-2266. Location: Gerstein Science Information Centre (Gerstein Library), Suite B139
Campus Police (emergency): 416-978-2222
Campus Police (non-emergency): 416-978-2323
Health & Wellness Centre: Offers University of Toronto students a wide range of medical and mental health services - Call 416-978-8030 to book an appointment.  (located in the Koffler Centre at 214 College Street West, second floor.)
Community Safety Office: Responds to all personal safety concerns: Email community.safety@utoronto.ca to book an appointment or call 416-978-1485
Safety and Support: includes link to a new, downloadable campus safety app
There is help available through the community. Access a list of community resources here.
Grievance Procedures and Policy
If you consider that you have been wronged in the application of any of the policies relating to your degree or diploma, you should do the following:
In the first instance, consult with the professor involved and/or with the director of your program.
If you remain unsatisfied and feel you haven’t been fairly heard, you may appeal to the College Faculty. See the Student Handbook.
Freedom of Information and Privacy Act
Wycliffe College and the University of Toronto respect your privacy.
Personal information that you provide to the College is collected pursuant to section 2(14) of the University of Toronto Act, 1971.
At all times your personal information will be protected in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
Your information is collected for the administration of admissions, registration, academic programs, university-related student activities, activities of student societies, safety, financial assistance and awards, graduation and university advancement, and reporting to government.
The College provides information to the University which is also required to report student-level enrolment-related data to the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities as a condition of its receipt of operating grant funding. The Ministry collects this enrolment data, which includes limited personal information such as Ontario Education Numbers, student characteristics, and educational outcomes, in order to administer government postsecondary funding, policies and programs, including planning, evaluation, and monitoring activities.
If you have questions, please look online or contact the University Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Coordinator at McMurrich Building, Room 104, 12 Queen's Park Crescent West, Toronto, ON, M5S 1A8.
Visit Wycliffe
Request Information
Apply to Wycliffe
Live in Residence
Give to Wycliffe