http://www.camio.net/privacy
Put your cameras to work.
Camio is the real-time video search engine that puts existing cameras to work
to understand the problems that warrant human attention.
Unlike passive evidence collection, Camio makes protective security
economically feasible.
t
Request a Demo
(or contact us)
“Gov. Gavin Newsom says one of the keys to reopening the state is creating lasting "social distance" policies…
A Bay Area company has a new tool that could provide a solution during the coronavirus pandemic.”
“Camio’s product works with any security camera through cloud-based software…
If you want your employees to be safe, and you want consumers to be confident, you as a manager want to know if you have a problem.”
“Cameras that were already in place in the factory provide video that is analyzed by Camio's AI software, pointing out behaviors that would normally seem innocuous but could contribute to the spread of coronavirus.”
“During the pandemic, we've seen innovations in ways to monitor people's movement and activities to help stop the spread of the virus…
Camio detects whether or not people are wearing masks.”
See More
Mask & Social Distancing Detection
Ensure business continuity and protect lives.
Why Buy Camio
Data tells the whole story in real time
Tailgating Detection
Secure facilities for regulatory compliance
Multi-property Monitoring
18x ROI for an 800-location real estate company
50x efficiency
5x faster review
90% fewer false positives
Deploy in less than an hour
How Cameras Do the Work for You
Camio transforms any network camera, DVR, NVR, VMS, or computer
into an intelligent video monitoring system—with real-time video search & alerts backed by
unlimited cloud storage.
The open & extensible video pipeline
The H.264 video stream from any camera, NVR, or VMS works as input.
The on-premise video gateway Box (3) automatically connects to either the video stream of the camera or its associated channel on the NVR/VMS.
The Box video gateway analyzes the video streams locally on the network for both bandwidth and cost efficiency. It uses state-of-the-art AI to adapt to the scene to choose the optimal encoding, analysis, and storage based on what's happening.
The cloud ranks and indexes each event with labels for real-time search & alerts while also triggering additional analyses or workflows based on the activity observed in the event.
Hooks—triggered by persistent searches—can talk to any other systems via open and extensible REST APIs.
The recorded video can be accessed instantly from any Web Browser on any device.
Learns automatically
Camio automatically learns which events are most important to you in each scene.
Shop Cameras
Start Recording
Features
Any Device
Open to all H.264 video streams—including those you already have.
Record with any IP camera, NVR, VMS, or computer.
Smart Search
Zero-in on moments that matter in seconds with real-time video search.
e.g. [bikes on sidewalk]
Personalized Alerts
Search-based video alerts
tell you whenever something important happens
that matches your query.
Secure Live Streaming
Stream
without the botnets
because no inbound network ports are open.
Unlimited Storage
Save 30-90+ days of video in the cloud, regardless of
its resolution.
It’s bandwidth-efficient too.
Unlimited Guests
Add trusted colleagues as Guests.
Or, selectively
share via links
like
[people in blue at east stairs]
.
Learn More
Partner solutions
Camio also makes it simple to power your solutions with advanced video monitoring.
Its cloud API, freely licensed firmware,
open support for all cameras,
integrations, and white-labeled services
deliver state-of-the-art video capabilities to partners.
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: token pQr1zf2" \
-d '{"callback_url": "https://acme.com/delivery", "query": "people approaching mailbox"}' \
-X POST https://camio.com/api/users/me/hooks
What people are saying
Camio is a simple and reliable way to securely monitor sensitive areas for PCI compliance.
Its 90-day encrypted video history and bandwidth-efficient continuous recording provide tamper-proof auditability
in support PCI DSS requirement 9.1.1.
Jarrod Bell, CIO,
San Francisco Opera
Connect any IP camera.*
Get Started
(or demo in your browser)
camio
Send Code
Remember me
Forgot password?
Don’t have an account? Sign Up
camio
Already have an account? Sign In
Your use of Camio is agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.