http://www.pastorswives.org/forums/message_board_terms
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Pastors' Wives Thriving Community ForumsTerms of Use/Terms of Membership1. You are truly the wife of a man employed in some way as a Minister of the Gospel of Christ, OR who is actively studying to make the ministry his vocation. This includes missionaries, ministers of music, youth, adults, etc. We are in no way concerned simply with titles or hours worked, but that those who are joining us are "walking along the same road" in a sense. If you feel you fit this group, but your 'status' isn't listed above, please complete the Registration Form, and include an explanation in your "Comments". 2. You must supply us with a correct e-mail address where we can reach you. The email address is kept confidential and used only for confirming your registration details and password, for sending new passwords should you forget your current one, and for administrative communications. 3. You agree not to post any material that is abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated, or that may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to your being immediately and permanently banned (and your service provider being informed). The IP address of all posts is recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. 4. You agree that the webmaster, administrator, and moderators of this forum have the right to remove, edit, move, or close any topic at any time should they see fit. We are actually a fun and loving bunch who simply wants to see that everyone is extended courtesy and the grace of God.5. You agree to any information you have entered in your application being stored in a secure database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent; the webmaster, administrator, and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the online data being compromised. This forum system uses cookies to store information on your local computer. These cookies do not contain any of the information you have entered in the database. They serve only to improve your viewing experience. 6. You acknowledge that all posts made to these forums express the views and opinions of only the author -- not the administrators, moderators, or webmaster (except for posts by these people) -- and hence will not hold them liable. While the administrators and moderators of this forum will attempt to remove or edit any generally objectionable material as quickly as possible, it is impossible to review every message. 7. You agree to honor other members and their privacy, and will not attempt to access another's account by means of hacking or requesting their password. Hacking will incur immediate banning.8. You agree to abide by our Statement of Faith.Posting GuidelinesRegistering for membership on the Pastors' Wives Thriving Community Forums signifies that you agree to abide by the following simple rules (whether or not you actually read them) while participating in forum discussions and/or sending private messages to other members: 1. The purpose of this board is to create a loving and encouraging environment. When posting, remember to "pursue the things which make for peace and the building up of one another" (Romans 14:19). Therefore, denominational discussions, questioning a person's walk with the Lord, and topics of a divisive nature will not be tolerated. Administrators and Moderators reserve final say in whether a topic is divisive and when disciplinary action (warning, moderation etc.) may need to be taken.2. Please try to use appropriate capitalization. Typing a message in all capitals is interpreted by regular users of the Internet as shouting, and it is considered impolite. If sentence-style capitalization is not an option, use all lower case rather than all capitals. 3. Be angry, but do not sin by "flaming". Flaming is a term used to describe angry 'heated' messages sent to another person in cyberspace. Be careful as to how you word a message, so that the recipient does not interpret your message as a flame. When you are writing your post, please remember that others who are reading it don't know you personally, your sense of humor, or the tone of your voice. There will inevitably be misunderstandings, but we can each make every effort to avoid those (and to deal with them lovingly and biblically when they do occur). 4. Leave the Spam on the shelf. "Spam" is the Internet word for "junk mail", and includes solicitations, requests for money, promoting, etc. A signature line ad is acceptable, if it is a reasonable length. If you have any concern about what you are posting, please contact the Board Administrator for approval before posting. 5. Please remember that everything posted on this Board is confidential. You are not to share any information posted with anyone that is not a member of this Board. This is for the protection and safety of our members. We want all of our members to feel comfortable sharing of themselves. Serious violations of the above Posting Guidelines will result in the forum moderators following the steps listed below, based on Matthew 18:15-17 and Titus 3:10: 1. On your first offense, your post will be deleted, and you will be contacted privately explaining the reason for our action. 2. On your second similar offense, your post will be deleted, and we will publicly post the reason for our action on the forums. 3. On your third similar offense, we will cancel your username (and take other measures) so that you can no longer post on the forums.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services