https://www.ymca.int/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Personal data
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify you. We collect your data online when you make online donations, when you subscribe to our newsletter and when you use our online contact form.
Personal data can also be given to us directly by our staff, campaigners, supporters, and volunteers in the course of them interacting with our services, websites or activities.
We are committed to protecting both your data and your privacy and we want you to feel assured that any information you give us is held securely and safely. You have the right to ask us to delete any personal information we hold about you. We take appropriate physical, electronic and managerial measures to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date.
The personal data that we collect could be
• Full or partial name
• address
• email address
• telephone number
• contact preferences
• bank account or credit card details where required
We may also collect and record other relevant information you share with us about yourself, such as your interests or your affiliations with other charities, including local YMCAs, community or campaign groups.
We may work with third parties but we wouldn’t sell nor give your data to them, unless you are asked first.
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook or Twitter, you might give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer or mobile device.
We use cookies to monitor browsing preferences to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
When looking at the statistics of our website, we may analyse geographic, demographic and other information relating to you in order to better understand your interests and preferences in order to contact you with the most relevant communications. In doing this, we may use additional information from third party sources when it is available.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions, please contact us via our online form.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Non-necessary
Non-necessary