https://www.ranchodlaw.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Menu 1
I601 Waiver Guide
Typical I-601 Hardship Waivers
I-601 Hardship Waiver Process
Extreme Hardship Examples
I-601 (Español)
I-601A (Español)
I-212 Waivers
INA 212(i)
DACA “Dream Work Permit”
Other Visas & Information
Menu 2
Family Green Cards
Fiance Visa
Marriage Green Card
Citizenship and Residency
LGBT Marriage
Third
H1B podcast interview
H1B Visas
J1 Waivers
Employment Based Green Cards
L1 Visas
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for this website.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site and how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us such as; name, address, phone and billing information via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
–       See what data we have about you, if any.
–       Change/correct any data we have about you.
–       Have us delete any data we have about you.
–       Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Ranchodlaw.com website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 415-986-6186 or via email. (04/10/2012)
Contact Us now!
Click Here to Read Our Success StoriesContact us Now!
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on YouTube
Approved Waiver Notices
Click here to view I601 waiver approval notices.
The Ranchod Law Group
8880 Cal Center Dr #190
Sacramento, CA 95826
Phone: (916) 613-3553
Email: info@ranchodlaw.com
4719 Quail Lakes Dr, # G-2015
Stockton, CA 95207
Phone: (209) 219-2377
Email: info@ranchodlaw.com
Visit our Blog
J1 Visa Waiver Resource
Center for Doctors
Doctors Immigration Law –
Green Card, Work Visa, H-1B Visa
Check Your Case Status
Lawyer Kaushik Ranchod | Lawyer Immigration
Lawyer Kaushik Ranchod | Top Attorney Immigration
Lawyer Kaushik Ranchod | Lawyer Immigration
Home
Firm Overview
Attorney Profiles
Practice Areas
Resources
Client Feedback
Contact Us
The Ranchod Law Group provides immigration law services with offices in Sacramento and Stockton California. In addition, we provide immigration law representation for clients nationwide.
Disclaimer: The testimonials, case results and/or endorsements do not constitute a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of your legal matter.© 2020 Ranchodlaw. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Notice
The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
Scroll to top