http://www.thefinelawfirm.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About the Firm
Meet Our Team
Our Firm
News & Blog
FAQs
Video Center
Practice Areas
Vehicle Accidents
Medical Malpractice
Premises Liability
Product Liability
Workplace Accidents
Wrongful Death
View All +
Locations
Alamogordo
Carlsbad
Clovis
Farmington
Gallup
Hobbs
Las Cruces
Rio Rancho
Roswell
Santa Fe
Results & Reviews
Case Results
Testimonials
Compare Our Fees
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The firm is committed to the protection of your privacy, and we will treat all of the information you provide through the firm website, including your registration information, with the utmost respect. Our law firm works diligently to ensure that it has taken all appropriate administrative and technical measures to prevent the unauthorized or unlawful use of your personally identifiable information and to prevent any accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information. We will not sell or disclose personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third parties except in accordance with this “Privacy Policy”.
Collection of Information
1. The firm web site collects certain information about visitors, even when they are not logged in. The firm may record your IP address, the URLs of the websites and pages you visit (before, during and after your visit to the firm website), the times and dates of such visits, information about the computer hardware and software you use and other information that may be available. Also, the firm may place “cookies” on your computer to recognize you on return visits to enable the firm to enhance your browsing experience, as well as to collect additional information about you. You may adjust your browser settings or use other means to prevent cookies from being placed on your computer, but doing so may result in reduced functionality and a less personalized browsing experience.
2. The firm may ask you to provide certain additional information about yourself, including your name, contact information, the organization you come from and certain other information that the firm may use to identify you. If you choose not to provide such information, you may not be permitted to access certain firm website features, content, or services.
Use of Information
1. The Firm uses the information that it collects about you to improve your browsing experience by personalizing The Firm Web sites to your interest, and also to help The Firm select content and services that you may find interesting and useful. Information about the content you visit and services you use may be used alone or in conjunction with information collected from other users to help The Firm tailor The Firm Web site and its other products and services to better suit the needs and interests of you and other users.
2. Information that you provide may also be used as part of The Firm’s effort to keep you informed about events and selected products and services that may be of interest to you. In some cases, The Firm may contact you with information from carefully selected third parties, but The Firm will not provide information to third parties for such purposes.
3. The Firm reserves the right to disclose any information that it obtains through the Firm Web site to appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities, if required by law or any governmental agency.
4. The Firm may also attempt to reach you by providing a custom advertisement based on the sections of our website that you had visited. This remarketing service is provided through Google AdWords and uses cookies placed on your computer to show you our advertisements when you visit other websites that participate in the Google Display Network. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting their Ad Settings page. You may also opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Transfers of Information
From time to time, The Firm may disclose information about you to carefully selected service providers that The Firm may engage to host Firm Web site or to provide other services. The Firm will require all such service providers to use the information solely to provide the specified services, and otherwise to conform to the requirements of this Privacy Policy.
Additional Services
From time to time, the firm may offer additional services through the firm website. In some cases, additional services may be subject to alternative terms of use (as identified by the firm), and your use of any such services will constitute your acceptance of such alternative terms of use. Unless otherwise stated, such alternative terms of use shall apply to supplement this Agreement and in the context of any conflicting terms, this Agreement shall govern with respect to the firm websites, content, and services, excepting only those services which are expressly covered, and then only to the extent so expressly covered, by such alternative terms.
Information Sent by Way of the Website is Not Secure
Any information sent to the firm by Internet e-mail or through the website is not secure and is done so on a non-confidential basis. Any information you send the firm over the Internet, either through the firm’s website or via email is done at your own risk.
Sending Information Does Not Form an Attorney-Client Relationship
Transmission of information from this website does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and the firm, nor is it intended to do so. The transmission of the website, in part or in whole, and/or any communication with us via Internet e-mail through this site, does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship between us and any recipients.
Unsubscribe
Users seeking to opt-out should reply to any marketing communication with the subject line ‘unsubscribe’.
Medical Malpractice
Medical Malpractice Overview
Birth Injuries
Brachial Plexus
Cerebral Palsy
Erb’s Palsy
Laparoscopic Negligence
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Aggressive Driving Accidents
Autonomous Vehicle Accidents
Bus Accidents
Car Accidents
Distracted Driving Accidents
Drunk Driving Accidents
Fatal Car Accidents
Head-On Collisions
Highway Accidents
Hit & Run Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Rear-End Collisions
Rollover Accidents
Shoulder of Road Accidents
Texting & Driving Accidents
Train Accidents
Truck Accidents
Uber & Lyft Accidents
Uninsured & Underinsured Motorist
Premises Liability
Premises Liability Overview
Negligent Security
Slip & Fall Accidents
Swimming Pool Accidents
Product Liability
Product Liability Overview
Dangerous Prescription Drugs
Defective Medical Devices
Metal on Metal Hip Implants
Serious Injuries
Serious Injury Overview
Amputations
Bedsores
Bicycle Accidents
Brain Injuries
Broken Bone Injuries
Burn Injuries
Common Injuries
Dog Bites
Gas Explosions
Government Liability
Albuquerque Herniated Disks Lawyer
Nursing Home Abuse
Pedestrian Accidents
Police Brutality & Unlawful Use of Force
Sexual Abuse
Soft Tissue Injuries
Spinal Cord Injuries
Wrongful Death
Work Injury Claims
Workplace Accidents
Construction Site Accidents
Electrocution Accidents
Heavy Machinery Accidents
Workers’ Compensation
During the COVID-19 crisis, The Fine Law Firm is working and available to discuss your case with you. Contact us today.