http://www.cityofhenderson.com/global/privacy-policy
Department Links
PayContact UsPrivacy PolicySocial Media Terms of UseSSN ConfidentialityAccessibility
City Of Henderson
Privacy Policy
PayContact UsPrivacy PolicySocial Media Terms of UseSSN ConfidentialityAccessibility
Grievance Policy and Procedure Discrimination and Prohibition of Retaliation or CoercionRequest an Interpreter or Communication Services for Public Meetings or Programs
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to the City of Henderson. To clarify how we protect your privacy, this notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make that determine how your information is collected and used by us. This notice is easily identified and accessed from www.cityofhenderson.com.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the correct use of information you provide, the City has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects.
Public Disclosure
All information collected on our online public websites and applications, including mobile, will be treated the same as any written communication and is subject to the confidentiality and public disclosure provisions of applicable law.
Access to Personal Information
The City offers a number of query-based applications that may be used to access public records. Deed recordings and voter registration locations fall under this category of services.
Some information is public by law. Public records contain information about individuals or information that can be identified or associated with a particular individual. Access to this personally identifiable information is a public record at state and local levels of government in Nevada and is controlled by Nevada law. See Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 239 Public Records in General. City staff cannot legally hide or refuse access to this information to interested parties. However, access to this type of information is not new. All parties, upon request, have access to this information.
Information that is generally available under Nevada law and not declared by law to be confidential may be posted for electronic access by the City. Nevada law recognizes many concerns people have about public records that include information about them, including the right to correct inaccurate information. Consequently, persons concerned about information about them should contact the custodian of the record, which typically is a state agency, the City, or other governmental entity that collects and maintains the information.
The Information We Collect
With minimal exception, this policy governs all information collected on or submitted to the City’s websites and applications. Users may have the ability to order goods or services, make information requests, or access links to other public information resources via City websites and applications. The types of personal information the City collects at various points include:
Personal and/or business names
Addresses
Email addresses
Telephone numbers
Fax numbers
Specific information to describe a complaint or request information
Credit/Debit card information (not retained)
Parking ticket identification numbers
Permit identifications
The primary reason that we collect and maintain user information is to serve you and administer your customer relationship with the City. The information collected is subject to the same controls and uses as that collected by governmental offices visited in person, again subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of applicable law.
Additional types of information that the City may collect from our websites or applications at various points of your usage includes:
Internet domain through which you access the internet (e.g., yourServiceProvider.com if you use a commercial Internet service provider, or yourSchool.edu if you use an internet account from your school)
Internet protocol address of the computer you are using
Type of browser software and operating system you are using
Date and time, you access the website or application
Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to a website or application
Which portions of the website or application you visit
The country or region of the world from which you accessed the website or application
The City will use this information as aggregate data to improve websites and applications by analyzing usage or to provide personalized services such as emergency notifications to subscribed users only.  The City will not use this information to identify individuals, except for site security and law enforcement purposes.  The City will not obtain personally-identifying information about users when they use the application or the website, unless they choose to provide such information.
If you register or create an account with a City website or application, the City may obtain information such as:
User ID
Date and time of your request
Type of service intended, e.g., calling a city department
Analytic information, such as number of unique customers, sessions, intents, skill activations
If personal information is requested on a website or application, or volunteered by the user, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is a public record once it is provided and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
The Way We Use Information
City staff uses the information you provide about yourself when completing a transaction you initiate over one or more of the Internet services on City websites and applications. This information is only used to complete the transaction you requested and to analyze trends. The City does not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.
The City does not sell users’ information to any third parties, and it does not disclose it to third parties unless necessary to process a transaction you have requested or as required by law.
Children Under the Age of 13
The City does not specifically solicit information from minors through City websites or applications, nor does the City seek to determine whether the visitor to a website or application is a minor. Consequently, visitors should be aware that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by email will be treated in the same manner as information given by an adult. Among other things, this means that it will be public record and therefore will be subject to public access. The City asks that parents guide their children when children are asked to provide personal information online. We ask that children get their parents' permission before providing any information to us.
The City does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on any City website or application, or through any of its features, register on a City website or application, make any purchases through a City website or application, use any of the interactive or public comment features of a City website or application, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
Third Party Sites
Visitors to City websites and applications may link to various other websites or applications. The City may maintain official content on third party websites or applications to engage with the community and communicate with users through multiple channels. The City is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external sites and applications. Many of these sites, particularly those in the private sector, may not be subject to state or federal law. Those visiting external sites or applications are advised to check the applicable privacy statement and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used.
Accuracy
Visitors to, and users of, any City websites and applications, are advised that information contained within the pages of the websites and application is believed to be accurate. However, errors can occur. The City makes no warranty or guarantee regarding the completeness, accuracy, or timeliness of such information and the data or that such information and data will be error-free.  The City does not endorse any products or services linked from this system, and none of them shall be held liable for any losses, damages or injury caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of such information. Portions of the information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that uses or relies on any information obtained from this system assumes all risk of using or relying on any such information.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Customers are be able to transact financial business with the City through various e-commerce applications utilized by the City. To protect this information, the City uses credit card verification services, up-to-date encryption technologies, and the like to maintain a standard, high level of protection for your information. Finally, the City's Information Technology  environment is configured to industry best practices including periodic security testing.
Password Information
User names and passwords or PINs may be required to access an online service offered by the City. No representative of the City will ever request a user to reveal their user name, password or PIN. Under no circumstances should this information be shared with or disclosed to any other person. However, online systems may offer the built-in capability to securely assist users who have lost or forgotten their PIN or password.
Credit Card Information
The City does not save credit card information. The information collected during the purchase of a good or service is used only for the duration of the transaction and will not be permanently retained.
Cookies
The City may occasionally use “cookies” in connection with the use of the City websites and applications. What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of information that a website or application transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies may make web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are at our sites or using our applications.
Endpoint Data Collection
Endpoint devices may automatically send us (and the City may retain) information such as:
Internet domain through which you access the service
Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using
Type of browser software and operating system you are using
Date and time you access the service
The IP address of the site from which you linked directly to the website or application
GPS data as needed for geolocation-based services
Email
Email messages sent to any City of Henderson address will be treated the same as any other form of written communication, and are subject to public review. Email or other information requests sent to the City's Web site will be maintained in accordance with the Public Records Retention Schedule established in the Nevada Administrative Code Chapter 239 and in order to:
Respond to the request.
Forward the request to the appropriate agency.
Communicate updates to the page that may be of interest to you.
Provide City web designers with valuable customer feedback to improve websites and applications.
Social Security Number Confidentiality
NRS 239B.030 prohibits a person from including and a governmental agency from requiring a person to include a social security number on any document that is filed or otherwise submitted on or after January 1, 2007, unless required pursuant to specific state or federal law, for the administration of a public program or for an application for a federal or state grant. The public notice of the City’s action in complying with this statutory requirement can be accessed on the SSN
Confidentiality page.
Who to Contact
Any questions or concerns about this privacy policy should be directed to PIO@cityofhenderson.com .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
It is the City’s policy to post any changes we make to the privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
6/1/20