https://www.mplc.org/page/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: This policy was last updated on April 8, 2016
About this Policy
This policy covers how MPLC treats Personally Identifiable Information that MPLC collects and receives, including information related to your past use of MPLC products and services. Personally Identifiable Information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, phone number, or any other information that permits the individual subject of the information to be contacted.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that MPLC does not own or control, or to people that MPLC does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Some of MPLC’s services, such as Contact MPLC, ask you to provide Personally Identifiable Information in order to contact you. MPLC may contact you and continue communication by sending, for example, newsletters.
MPLC may also collect your internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g. the site or page that offered a link to a MPLC page.)
MPLC may also collect statistics, for instance, on how many users utilized the web site. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding your usage are provided in the aggregate and do not include any Personally Identifiable Information about any individual user.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
MPLC does not rent, sell, or share Personally Identifiable Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies unless we have your consent, or under the following circumstances:
* We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with MPLC and the information is to be used for business purposes.
* We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
* We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of MPLC's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
* We transfer information about you if MPLC is acquired by or merged with another company.
Editing Your Personally Identifiable Information
You can edit your Personally Identifiable Information that has been collected by utilizing the Contact MPLC section of the website.
Confidentiality and Security
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Despite our efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable information, MPLC cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You transmit all such information at our own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security in our systems.
We limit access to Personally Identifiable Information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Links to other web sites displayed on the MPLC web site are for services developed by people over whom MPLC exercises no control. MPLC does not share your personal information with those web sites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. These other sites may place cookies on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Children
Children under 13 years old are not the target audience for our web site. MPLC does not solicit the personal information from these children.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
MPLC may update this policy. Any changes, whether minor or major, will be posted in the Privacy Policy section. The effective date will be clearly marked at the top of the page.
About Copyright Law
The Umbrella License
Industries
FAQS
Our Story
News, Press, & Events
Pay My Invoice
Umbrella License Terms & Conditions
Existing Members
New Inquiries
© 1996 - 2020. Motion Picture Licensing Corporation.
All rights reserved.
Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy