https://www.jeffandwill.com/privacy-policy/
BigGayFictionPodcast.com
BigGayAuthorPodcast.com
JeffAdamsWrites.com
WillKnauss.com
Privacy Policy
It is JeffAndWill.com’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you or which you may provide to us, in the circumstances set out below. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, safeguard and otherwise make use of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”).
We will only collect and use your Personal Data where:
we have lawful grounds to do so, including to comply with our legal obligations;
we are performing a contract with you for our services; and
we have legitimate interests in using your Personal Data and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”), Jeff Adams is the “data controller” for JeffAndWill.com. If you have any questions about this policy or about how we use your Personal Data, please contact us via our contact details at the end of this policy.
This policy is effective as of May 17, 2018. We review our privacy practices on an ongoing basis, and as such we may change this privacy policy from time to time. Please check this page frequently to ensure you are familiar with its current content.
1. Personal Data we collect via our website JeffAndWill.com (the “Website”)
Personal Data that you provide to us
We only collect Personal Data where you choose to interact with us on the Website in the
following ways:
When you participate in a giveaway, we collect your email address, First Name and Last Name as part of the entry. That data is used only as part of the giveaway to provide information about the specific giveaway and contact winners.
When you leave a comment on the website, we collect your email address and name. This data is used only to identify the comment and help guard against spam comments.
Data that we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information when you visit our Website – such as the type of browser and operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider. We do not link this information with any Personal Data.
We may also collect data automatically through our use of cookies on the Website. Please see our cookie policy to find out about the types of cookies we set and why, and how you can adjust your settings to disable cookies.
2. Use of your Personal Data
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we use your Personal Data to:
process and manage your use of our website;
respond to your questions, comments and requests;
where you have opted-in to receive marketing from us, deliver communications that are relevant to your preferences / may be of interest to you;
improve our services and Website through analysis of information.
3. Sharing of your Personal Data
We take your privacy seriously and will not share your Personal Data with others, except as permitted by applicable law or as set out below:
We share Personal Data as necessary with third parties who provide services or functions on our behalf and who require the information to provide those specific services to us. These third parties may include social media advertising platforms such as Facebook and Google Adwords for the purpose of custom audience generation and the development of targeting criteria for other audiences. Please note that we have appropriate data privacy safeguards in place with third parties with whom we share Personal Data as described above and who are providing services or functions on our behalf.
4. Keeping your Personal Data secure
We have implemented security policies and technical measures to safeguard the Personal Data we collect. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law, including the GDPR, to safeguard Personal Data from accidental loss, destruction or damage and unauthorized access, use and disclosure.
5. Retention periods for use of your Personal Data
We will use and store your Personal Data only for as long as necessary, bearing in mind the uses of your Personal Data as described in this privacy policy and otherwise as communicated to you. We review the Personal Data we hold at regular intervals and delete permanently or anonymize any Personal Data which is no longer necessary.
6. Children
This Website and our services are aimed at adults, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Data relating to children aged under 15 years old. If you are under the age of 15, please do not provide us with any of your Personal Data, including your email address.
7. Access to and control over your Personal Data
You have legal rights under applicable law in relation to your Personal Data. You can ask the following questions, or take the following actions, at any time by contacting us via email or via our postal address:
see what Personal Data we hold about you (if any), including why we are holding it and who it could be disclosed to;
ask us to change/correct your Personal Data;
ask us to delete your Personal Data;
object to the processing of your Personal Data;
ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data;
withdraw any consents you have given us to the processing of your Personal Data; and
express any concerns you have about third parties’ use of your Personal Data.
8. Change of purpose
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to have an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
9. Contact Us
Our full details are: JeffAndWill.com / Jeff Adams
Email for Privacy Questions: jeff@jeffandwill.com
Postal Address: 330 Vernon St # 29, Roseville, CA 95678-9502 USA
Big Gay Fiction Podcast EpisodesEpisode 273 – Holiday Book and Movie ReviewsEpisode 272 – Listener Favorite: Suzanne BrockmannEpisode 271 – A Gothic Christmas Party with Gillian St. KevernEpisode 270 – Big Gay Fiction Book Club November 2020: “The Christmas Deal” by Keira AndrewsEpisode 269 – From Wild West to Modern Day Shifters with Maz Maddox
Big Gay Author Podcast EpisodesEpisode 66 – So Long For Now… Plus Q&A with Daryl Banner and J. ThornEpisode 65 – Q&A with Jesi Lea Ryan and L.C. RosenEpisode 64 – Q&A with Xio Axelrod, TM Smith and Davidson KingEpisode 63 – Q&A with Clare London and E. DaviesEpisode 62 – Daniel Willcocks on Short Stories and Serialized Fiction
JeffAdamsWrites.com PostsChristmas Movies 2020!Books I Loved – November 2020Books I Loved – October 2020Books I Loved – September 2020Books I Loved – August 2020
WillKnauss.com PostsQuick Review: Gifts for the Season – Winter & Christmas M/M Charity AnthologyQuick Review: Hearts Alight by Elliot CooperGig Gay Holiday Reviews and Recommendations – BGFP episode 273Author and Ally Suzanne Brockmann – BGFP episode 272A Very Gothic Holiday With Gillian St. Kevern – BGFP episode 271