https://www.ivhsspca.org/privacy-policy/
CLOSE
I want to...
Select
Toggle Dropdown
Adopt
Donate
License My Pet
Report An Animal Concern
I want to... Adopt
You Can't Buy Love. But You Can Adopt It.
Welcome to the Inland Valley Humane Society Humane Society & S.P.C.A's Adoption Photo Gallery. Just click on a photo to see more details about any animal in the gallery. Because animals are adopted every day the one you may be interested in, may or may not be available when you visit the shelter, so please keep that in mind. This gallery is updated on a daily basis in order to keep it current with new arrivals.
Related Information:
Adopt a Pet
Adopt Today! Search again
I want to... Donate
Make a gift to help the homeless animals.
Pets like Sammy need our help to feel better so they can find their forever home!
12 year old Sammy was dumped on the side of the road, unable to walk, see or eat. She was left to suffer for months. Luckily for Sammy, IVHS was there to help. Our veterinarians immediately began to treat Sammy, removing her dirty matted fur. After a month in our care, we were able to find Sammy a family that would provide her with a loving forever home.
Every dollar counts!
Ways to give include:
Monthly Sustainer Giving
Planned Giving
Take Comfort Program
Help Us Search again
I want to... License My Pet
Licensing Services
In the state of California, every dog that is over the age of 4 months must be vaccinated against rabies and have a current license. The Inland Valley Humane Society & S.P.C.A. monitors the licensing/rabies control program for residents living in the contracted cities. Less than 1% of the animals that are rescued from the streets and temporarily placed into an animal shelter have some form of I.D. on them.
License your pet online by choosing your city from the right.
Chino
Chino Hills
Claremont
Diamond Bar
Glendora
La Verne
Montclair
Mt. Baldy
Ontario
Pomona
SAN ANTONIO HEIGHTS
San Dimas
See IVHS Licensing Services Search again
I want to... Report An Animal Concern
Animal Control
The Inland Valley Humane Society & SPCA provides animal control services to the cities of Chino, Chino Hills, Claremont, Diamond Bar, Glendora, La Verne, Montclair, Ontario, Pomona, San Dimas and the unincorporated areas of San Bernardino County including West End, San Antonio Heights and Mt. Baldy.
Animal Control:
Barking Dog
Animal Cruelty
Report A Deceased Animal
Contact us now Search again
I want to...
Adopt
- Adopt Today!
Donate
- Help Us
License My Pet
- See IVHS Licensing Services
Report An Animal Concern
- Contact us now
Web Site Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.
Use of Links
Throughout our Web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers. Creating a text link from your Web site to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you’d like us to consider adding to our Web site, please send an email to development@ivhsspca.org with the subject “Link request.”
Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our Web site, please send your request to development@ivhsspca.org. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page. Information about using our logo and images is available in Media Resources.
Accessibility
This Web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at development@ivhsspca.org.
Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.
Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Kids and Privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at: development@ivhsspca.org