https://www.josephklest.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us Now: 866-264-7639 Tap Here To Call Us
The Law Office Of Firm is committed to the protection of your privacy, and will treat all of the information you provide through The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog), including your registration information, with the utmost respect. The Law Office Of Firm works diligently to ensure that it has taken all appropriate administrative and technical measures to prevent the unauthorized or unlawful use of your personally identifiable information, and to prevent any accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information. The Law Office Of Firm will not sell or disclose personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third parties except in accordance with this “Privacy Policy”.
Collection of Information.
1. The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog) collects certain information about visitors, even when they are not logged in. The Law Office Of Firm may record your IP address, the URLs of the Weblog (Blog) and pages you visit (before, during and after your visit to The Law Office Of Firm Weblog, the times and dates of such visits, information about the computer hardware and software you use and other information that may be available. Also, The Law Office Of Firm may place “cookies” on your computer to recognize you on return visits to enable The Law Office Of Firm to enhance your browsing experience, as well as to collect additional information about you. You may adjust your browser settings or use other means to prevent cookies from being placed on your computer, but doing so may result in reduced functionality and a less personalized browsing experience.
2. The Law Office Of Firm may ask you to provide certain additional information about yourself, including your name, contact information, the organization you come from and certain other information that The Law Office Of Firm may use to identify you. If you choose not to provide such information, you may not be permitted to access certain The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog) features, content or services.
Use of Information.
1. The Law Office Of Firm uses the information that it collects about you to improve your browsing experience by personalizing The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog) to your interest, and also to help The Law Office Of Firm select content and services that you may find interesting and useful. Information about the content you visit and services you use may be used alone or in conjunction with information collected from other users to help The Law Office Of Firm tailor The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog) and its other products and services to better suit the needs and interests of you and other users.
2. Information that you provide may also be used as part of The Law Office Of Firm’s effort to keep you informed about events, and selected products and services that may be of interest to you. In some cases, The Law Office Of Firm may contact you with information from carefully selected third parties, but The Law Office Of Firm will not provide information to third parties for such purposes. In other cases, your information might be shared with a third party pursuant to a process that contemplates such sharing but which you knowingly initiate.
3. The Law Office Of Firm reserves the right to disclose any information that it obtains through The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog) to appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities, if required by law or any governmental agency.
Transfers of Information.
From time to time, The Law Office Of Firm may disclose information about you to carefully selected service providers that The Law Office Of Firm may engage to host The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog) or to provide other services. The Law Office Of Firm will require all such service providers to use the information solely to provide the specified services, and otherwise to conform to the requirements of this Privacy Policy. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, The Law Office Of Firm will not provide your information to third parties for any other purpose, including marketing.
Additional Services.
From time to time, The Law Office Of Firm may offer additional services through The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog). In some cases additional services may be subject to alternative terms of use (as identified by The Law Office Of Firm), and your use of any such services will constitute your acceptance of such alternative terms of use. Unless otherwise stated, such alternative terms of use shall apply to supplement this Agreement and in the context of any conflicting terms, this Agreement shall govern with respect to The Law Office Of Firm Weblog (Blog), content and services, excepting only those services which are expressly covered, and then only to the extent so expressly covered, by such alternative terms.
Information Sent by Way of the Weblog (Blog) is Not Secure.
Any information sent to the firm by Internet e-mail or through the Web site is not secure and is done so on a non-confidential basis. Any information you send The Law Office Of Firm over the Internet, either through The Law Office Of Firm’s Weblog (Blog) or via email is done at your own risk.
Sending Information Does Not Form an Attorney – Client Relationship.
Transmission of information from this Weblog (Blog) does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and the firm, nor is it intended to do so. The transmission of the Weblog (Blog), in part or in whole, and/or any communication with us via Internet e-mail through this site does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship between us and any recipients.
Contact Us
866-264-7639
Downtown Chicago:
312-380-5467
Northwest Suburbs:
847-380-3309
Western Suburbs:
708-550-4548
NameEmailPhoneMessage
Submit
Topics
Car Accidents (101)
Sexual Abuse (69)
Wrongful Death (38)
Childhood Sexual Abuse (25)
Product Liability (23)
Truck Accidents (17)
Helpful Resources (16)
Train Accident (14)
Pedestrian Accidents (14)
Medical Malpractice (11)
Motorcycle Accidents (11)
Workplace Injury (11)
View More TopicsSearch Search hereSearch
Recent Entries
Left turn accident kills Motorcyclist in Wilmette
September 22, 2015
Legionnaires’ outbreak at veterans’ home claims two more lives
September 9, 2015
Illinois – Four veterans home patients have died of Legionnaires’ disease
September 1, 2015