http://www.cfdreamholidays.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Homepage >
Privacy Policy
BACKGROUND:
Children With Cystic Fibrosis Dream Holidays understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.cfdreamholidays.co.uk (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is requested when completing our contact us form or our referral form.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of our Site;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our Site when you visit certain parts of our Site and/or when you use certain features of our Site. Details of the Cookies used by our Site are set out in Part 14, below;
2. Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by Children With Cystic Fibrosis Dream Holidays, a charity registered in England under company number 1036069.
Registered address: 4 Norton Cottages, Spalding, Lincs PE11 3JL
Data Protection Officer: Darren Faulkner
Email address: darren.cfdreamholidays@hotmail.co.uk
Telephone number: 01775 670399
Postal address: 4 Norton Cottages, Spalding, Lincs PE11 3JL
We are regulated by Charity commission of England and Wales.
3. What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. What Is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “the Data Protection Legislation”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
5. What Are My Rights?
Under the Data Protection Legislation, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we hold. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to withdraw consent. This means that, if we are relying on your consent as the legal basis for using your personal data, you are free to withdraw that consent at any time.
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 15.It is important that your personal data is kept accurate and up-to-date. If any of the personal data we hold about you changes, please keep us informed as long as we have that data.Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. We would welcome the opportunity to resolve your concerns ourselves, however, so please contact us first, using the details in Part 15.
6. What Data Do You Collect and How?
Depending upon your use of our Site, we may collect and hold some or all of the personal and non-personal data set out in the table below, using the methods also set out in the table. Please also see Part 14 for more information about our use of Cookies and similar technologies and our Cookie Policy. We do not collect any ‘special category’ or ‘sensitive’ personal data.
Data Collected
How We Collect the Data
Identity Information including child’s, name, date of birth, parents name.
Online form.
Contact information including address, email, phone number.
Online form.
7. How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the Data Protection Legislation, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. The following table describes how we may use your personal data, and our lawful bases for doing so:
What We Do
What Data We Use
Our Lawful Basis
Supplying our services to you.
Family details from referral form.
To provide respite break.
Communicating with you.
Email, phone number
This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message and/or post with information, news, and offers on our services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Legislation and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
8. How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept):
Type of Data
How Long We Keep It
Identity Information including name
Until the end of our financial year.
Contact information including address, email, telephone number.
Until the end of our financial year
9. How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We will only store or transfer some of your personal data within the UK. This means that it will be fully protected under the Data Protection Legislation.
10. Do You Share My Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to the following exception.In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
11. How Can I Control My Personal Data?
In addition to your rights under the Data Protection Legislation, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails and, at the point of providing your details and by managing your Account).
You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
12. Can I Withhold Information?
You may access Our Site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14.
13. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15. To make this as easy as possible for you, a Subject Access Request Form is available for you to use. You do not have to use this form, but it is the easiest way to tell us everything we need to know to respond to your request as quickly as possible.There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.We will respond to your subject access request within 15 days and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
14. How Do You Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve our services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a a pop up banner requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown in the table below. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below, but please be aware that Our Site may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.The following first-party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
Compliance cookie
This cookie is set by our website once you have seen and acknowledged our cookie banner. This cookie will expire and automatically delete itself after 14 days.
yes
loc, uid/uit, psc, di/dt, atuvc/bt/ssc/ssh/sshs/xtc
Allows users to share content via Social Networking websites and email
yes
wp-settings-{time}-[UID]
Several WP Settings cookies may be set if you log into the website. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table. This is used to customise your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface.
yes
wordpress_test_cookie
wordpress_
wordpress_logged_in
comment_author
comment_author_email
comment_author_url
These WordPress session cookies are created if and when you log into WordPress either as an administrator or contributor to the website.
If you choose to submit a discussion/comment to our website, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, email and website address.
yes
devicePixelRatio
This cookie records your device’s pixel ratio. If your screen resolution is a retina or Hi DPI screen, then the website may choose to serve you higher resolution graphics.
yes
Our website uses analytics services provided by Google. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling us to better understand how our website is used. This, in turn, enables us to improve our website and the services offered through it.The analytics service(s) used by our website use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of our website, it does enable us to continually improve our website, making it a better and more useful experience for you.The analytics service used by our website use the following Cookies:
Cookie Category
Cookie Name
Cookie Description
Google Analytics (Universal)
_ga
The single default cookie for Google Universal Analytics. This sole cookie used by Google Analytics stores a unique client identifier (Client ID) which is set randomly. This cookie is set to expire after 24 months (2 years) and is refreshed each time you visit our website.
Google Analytics (Classic)
_utma
A Google Analytics cookie, which keeps track of the number of times, a visitor has been to the site, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred.
_utmb
A Google Analytics cookie, which creates a timestamp of the exact moment when a visitor enters a site.
_utmc
A Google Analytics cookie, which creates a timestamp of the exact moment when a visitor leaves the site.
_utmv
Used for reporting in Google Analytics classifying the visitor.
_utmz
A Google Analytics cookie which tracks where the visitor came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keywords used, and where in the world the site was accessed from.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
15. How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details (for the attention of Darren Faulkner):
Email address: Darren.cfdreamholidays@hotmail.co.uk
Telephone number: 01775 670399
Postal Address: 4 Norton Cottages, Spalding, PE11 3JL
16. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 04/02/2019.