https://www.fredlaw.com/updates__events/legal_updates/
Skip Navigation
Many features of this site require JavaScript. Learn how to enable javascript.
HOME
Updates & Events Legal Updates
Legal Updates
+Filter Updates
Practice Area
All
ADR
Anti-Counterfeiting
Antitrust & Trade Regulation
Appellate
Artificial Intelligence
Banking & Financial Services Litigation
Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy, Restructuring & Workouts
Business & Tax Planning
China Practice
Class Action/Wage and Hour Litigation
Commercial Law
Compensation Planning & Employee Benefits
Condemnation & Eminent Domain
Corporate Governance
Cross-Border M&A
Data Protection & Cybersecurity
Debt Finance
E-Discovery Strategy & Advocacy
Employment & Labor
Employment & Labor Alternative Dispute Resolution
Employment & Labor Litigation
Energy Regulation & Permitting
Environmental Law
Executive Compensation & Benefits
False Claims Act Defense
Family Law
FCPA
Food, Drug & Medical Device Regulation
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act & Anti-Corruption
Government Relations
Health Care Fraud & Compliance
Health Licensing Defense
Higher Education
Immigration
Insurance Coverage Litigation
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Litigation
Internal Investigations
International
IP Due Diligence
Labor Management Relations
Latin America Practice
Litigation
Medical Practices Defense
Mergers & Acquisitions
Non-Competes
Patents
Private Investment Fund Services
Property Tax Appeals
Public Companies
Real Estate Litigation
Securities
Securities Litigation
Shareholder & Partnership Disputes
Social Entrepreneurship
Start Up & Rapid Growth Enterprises (SURGE)
SURGE
Tax Disputes & Litigation
Tech & Data
Trade Secrets
Trusts & Estates
Trusts & Estates Litigation
Venture Capital & Angel Financing
White Collar & Regulatory Defense
Workers' Compensation & OSHA
Industry
All
Advertising, Marketing & Trademark
Aging & Disability Providers
Agribusiness & Cooperatives
Bank & Finance
Construction
Construction Law
Corporate Sustainability
Energy
Family & Closely Held Businesses
Government Contracts & Grants
Health Care Innovation & IT
Health Law
Investment Management
Life Sciences
Nonprofit & Tax Exempt Organizations
Oil & Gas
Private Equity
Real Estate
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)
Renewable Energy
Renewable Fuels
Sports & Entertainment
Transmission
Travel
Website Accessibility
Clear Filters
Sort by:
Entry Name
Entry Name (Descending)
Date (Descending)
Date (Ascending)
Showing page 1 of 113
SEC Adopts Amendments to Exempt Offering Framework
December 1, 2020
On November 2, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to the exempt offering framework with the aims of reducing regulatory complexity, facilitating capital formation and expanding investment opportunities.
View Details
SEC Adopts Rule Amendments to Permit the Use of Electronic Signatures
December 1, 2020
On November 17, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 302(b) of Regulation S-T to permit the use of electronic signatures in connection with SEC filings.
View Details
SEC Adopts Amendments to Financial Disclosure Rules
December 1, 2020
On November 19, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to certain financial disclosure requirements in Regulation S-K with the aim of reducing duplicative disclosure and focusing on material information.
View Details
SEC Proposes Temporary Expansion of Rule 701 and Form S-8 to Include Compensatory Offerings to Workers in the ‘Gig Economy’
December 1, 2020
On November 24, 2020, the SEC proposed temporary rules to permit, for five years and subject to certain conditions, a company to provide equity compensation to certain “platform workers” who provide services available through the company’s technology-based marketplace platform.
View Details
ISS and Glass Lewis Update Voting Guidelines for 2021 Proxy Season
December 1, 2020
On November 12, 2020, proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. (ISS) announced updates to its proxy voting guidelines for the 2021 proxy season, applicable to shareholder meetings on or after February 1, 2021.
View Details
An Overview of Current Banking Developments and Advice from a Former Regulator and Veteran of Past Economic Cycles
December 1, 2020
The industry has weathered much in the past. Given current conditions and uncertainties, bank boards and management should hope for a vaccine, a strong economy, and world peace, but prepare in case any of that is not achieved in the near term.
View Details
Practical M&A Considerations for Community Banks
December 1, 2020
Many M&A headlines during the pandemic have declared bank M&A dead. While M&A has slowed, deals continue here in the Midwest, particularly among community banks. Further, current conditions will bring new opportunities for both buyers and sellers.
View Details
Lawsuits Create Uncertainty for Rent-a-Bank Rules
December 1, 2020
In the past few months, the OCC and FDIC have proposed and enacted new rules to address ambiguity surrounding “rent-a-bank” or “rent-a-charter” arrangements.
View Details
USPTO to Change Trademark Fees: What You Need to Know
November 30, 2020
Effective January 2, 2021, the USPTO is changing some of its trademark fees. This article highlights the most notable changes for electronic filings.
View Details
DHS Extends Form I-9 Requirement Flexibility
November 24, 2020
DHS and ICE announced an extension until December 31, 2020, of flexibility in complying with requirements related to Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, due to ongoing precautions related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
View Details
Page 1 of 11312345...»Last »
Follow us on Instagram
View Full Site
View Mobile Optimized
Back to Top
Fredrikson & Byron, P.A.
Copyright © 2020 Fredrikson & Byron P.A. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | CA Privacy Rights | Equal Employment Opportunity | Accessibility Statement
Fredrikson & Byron, P.A. stores cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, make your browsing experience as useful as possible, and analyze site usage. By accessing this website with cookies enabled in your web browser, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.