http://www.dcvote.org/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
You are hereHome
Terms and Conditions
This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you, the Web site user, may use this Web site - www.dcvote.org - (hereafter referred to as the "Site"). By accessing or using this Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. This Site is owned and operated by DC Vote. DC Vote reserves the right to alter the content of this Site, including these Terms and Conditions, at any time. You should re-visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions.
Use of Site Materials/No Warranties
The materials on the Site are owned or licensed by DC Vote. The contents of this Site that are provided by DC Vote are provided as an information guide only. The Site and its materials are provided on an as-is basis. DC Vote does not make any warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or currency of the material, services, software, text, graphics, or links contained within the Site, nor does it warrant that the Site or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material. DC Vote hereby expressly disclaims all warranties, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or warranty of non-infringement. Your use of this Site and its material, or any material posted by another user, is at your own risk.
Links
Although this Site includes links providing direct access to other Internet sites, DC Vote has not participated in the development of those other sites and is not responsible for the availability or content of such sites. Once you link to any such site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. Links to such sites are provided solely as a convenience to the user and do not constitute any endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by DC Vote of or with any such site, its owners or providers.
Disclaimer of Liability
DC Vote shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting or arising from a visitor's use of, or inability to use, this Site, or sites linked to this Site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not DC Vote is advised of the possibility of such damages.
Privacy Policy
DC Vote is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors and Site users. The Site allows users to store and/or update contact information, such as their name, address, phone number, e-mail address, requests to receive DC Vote announcements, the ability to not receive ground mail, e-mail or phone calls from DC Vote, etc.
If you do not wish to receive ground mail, e-mail announcements or phone calls, visitors or Site users have the option to let DC Vote know that by checking the appropriate boxes in their contact information profile.
If visitors to the Site have difficulty registering, revising, or deleting their personal information, they should contact info@dcvote.org.
The Site server log captures the IP address of the computer that connects to the Site and may document the operating system and browser the visitor is using. This information will not be tracked back to any individual or organization. The Site may use a cookie to maintain the visitor's session. However, that cookie will not capture any personal information about the visitor or Site user.
Site Security
The DC Vote Web site is secure and encrypted when entering personal or payment information. Personal information about visitors and Site users is stored in a database protected by a firewall. The Site also provides additional security to protect access to the DC Vote visitor and Site user database by requiring login authentication.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All rights in text, photographs, illustrations, artworks, and other graphic material are reserved to DC Vote and/or the copyright owners. Prior permission to use, to reproduce, or to reprint any photograph, illustration, artwork, or other graphic material must be obtained from the copyright owner, regardless of the intended use. The text materials contained in this Site may be used, downloaded, reproduced, or reprinted, provided that this copyright notice appears in all copies and provided that such use, download, reproduction, or reprint is for non-commercial or personal use only. The text materials contained in this Site may not be modified in any way.
Any use of "DC Vote," other references to DC Vote, or of the text or graphic materials contained in this Site, in any manner to express or imply endorsement, sponsorship, affiliation, or association of the user with or by DC Vote is strictly prohibited.
Additional Terms
This Site originates from Washington, District of Columbia. DC Vote does not claim that the content on this Site is appropriate or may be used outside the United States of America. Access to the Site content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access this Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. The terms and conditions and the resolution of any dispute related to the access and use of this Site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia without giving effect to any principle of conflicts of law. By using this Site, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts situated in the District of Columbia with respect to any dispute, disagreement, or cause of action related to or involving this Site. If any provision on this Terms and Conditions page is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect.
IN THIS SECTION
Get Updates
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
General Newsletter
Yes
Volunteer Opportunities
Yes
Leave this field blank