https://www.lexisnexis.com/global/privacy/privacy-cookies/?gid=1889&locale=en-us
About this Cookie Notice
Use of Cookies By LexisNexis
Third Party Cookies
Third Party Web Advertising Services
Changes
Contact
At LexisNexis we take your privacy, and, your trust in us very seriously. This cookie notice provides you with information about how the LexisNexis company uses "cookies", or, similar technologies, on our websites and applications and other services (each, a "Service") to enable us to understand how you interact with our products, to improve your experience, and to allow you to use certain features, such as sharing content via social networks or other communications channels.
This notice also provides information about how third parties may use such technologies in association with the operation of our Services.
1. About this Cookie Notice
This cookie notice applies when you use any of our Services that refer or link to this notice. This notice may be supplemented by additional cookie notices, or terms provided on certain areas of the Service or during our interactions with you.
With the exception to the cookies that are set by third parties, the LexisNexis company that owns or administers the Service, as identified therein, is the primary controller of your personal information provide to, or collected by or for, the Service.
2. Use of Cookies By LexisNexis
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites and applications work, or work more efficiently, and help them remember certain information about you, either for the duration of your visit (using a "session" cookie) or for repeat visits (using a "persistent" cookie).
As detailed below, our use of cookies may involve the collection and use of your information, such as IP addresses, or other online mobile identifiers. For more information on our collection and use of this information please refer to our Privacy Policy.
The cookies used on this website are as follows:
Strictly necessary cookies:
These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. However, they are essential in order to enable you to move around the website. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for service, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. For example, authentication and security cookies are used to identify and recognise registered users and to enable them to gain access to requested content or features. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. See Section 4 of this notice for more information on how to manage the collection of this information, or, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
Functionality cookies:
These cookies allow our websites to remember the choices you make and your account preferences and to provide enhanced, more personal features. These are set by us or by our third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. For example, these cookies will remember your log-in details. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. See Section 4 of this notice for more information on how to manage the collection of this information, or, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
Performance cookies:
These are analytics and research cookies that allow us to count visits and measure traffic, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular, and see how visitors move around the site. This helps us to improve the way the website works and improve user experience. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies. Blocking these cookies will not affect the service provided you. See Section 4 of this notice for more information on how to manage the collection of this information, or, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
Targeting cookies:
These cookies are set by us and our advertising partners to record your visit to the website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We, and our advertising partners, will use this information to make the website, and, the advertising displayed to you more relevant to your interests. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies. Blocking these cookies will not affect the service provided you, but will limit the targeted advertising that you will see, or limit our ability to tailor the website experience to your needs. See Section 4 of this notice for more information on how to manage the collection of this information, or, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
Third Party and Social Media Cookies:
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to our websites that enable you to share our content with your colleagues, friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages that you see on other websites that you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use of see the social media sharing tools. See Section 4 of this notice for more information on how to manage the collection of this information, or, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
Flash Cookies:
These cookies are set to display video content using Adobe Flash Player. Adobe uses Flash cookies to help improve your experience as a user. Flash cookies are stored on your device in much the same way as usual cookies, but they're managed differently by your browser.
If you wish to disable or delete a Flash cookie, see Adobe Flash Player Global Storage Settings (opens in a new window). Please note, if you disable Flash cookies for LexisNexis this may affect the services that we can provide, such as videos.
Tracking Technologies Including Pixels, Script, Web Beacons/Gifs, Page Tags:
These files, or, code may be included in our emails and mobile apps to record how you interact with us, to help us better analyse and improve our services to you. Again, you can block the cookies either through your browser or device settings, and these settings will apply to all cookies whether included on websites or in emails. However, in some instances, depending on your email or browser settings, the files may be automatically accepted (for example, when you've added an email address to your address book or safe senders list). See Section 4 of this notice for more information on how to manage the collection of this information, or, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
Tracking Via Mobile Apps:
When you use our mobile applications, we may record information unique to you that are associated with your device (such as the device ID and IP address), your activity within the App, and, your network location. This information is used to measure and improve the performance of our App, to help us to know elements are the most and least popular, and, see how visitors move around the App itself. This helps us to improve the way the App works and improve user experience. See Section 4 of this notice for more information on how to manage the collection of this information, or, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
3. Third Party Cookies
The table below provides an overview of the performance, targeting, third party, and, social media domains your browser may contact as a result of a visit to our site, and our intended purpose for inclusion. Please note that the cookies and other technologies may change over time.
Domain(s)
Lexis Purpose
Privacy and Cookie Policy Links
googleapis.com
To enable integration with Google services, such as Google Translate, Google Maps, Google Search, etc.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Hotjar.com
User experience analysis and customer feedback gathering.
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
Bootstrapcdn.com
To enable the display of website content through
different screen sizes.
https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/privacy-policy/
Licdn.com
Supports the LinkedIn social media product integrations.
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
google-analytics.com
To collect web analytics to help LexisNexis to understand how visitors use our site, to improve user experience, and optimise online marketing campaigns.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Google.com
Used as a part of the google services integrated into the site.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Googletagmanager.com
To collect web analytics to help LexisNexis to understand how visitors use our site, to improve user experience, and optimise online marketing campaigns.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
connect.facebook.net
Provide customers with ways to interact with us via Facebook
platforms.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
gstatic.com
Used as a part of other google services.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Doubleclick.net
Measure and optimise the effectiveness of online marketing campaigns.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
www.facebook.com
Allows customers to interact via Facebook platforms.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
pardot.com
Tracking of user behaviour on our website and landing pages and form based data collection for targeted marketing.
https://www.pardot.com/legal/permission-based-marketing-policy/
Youtube.com
To enable ease of access to LexisNexis webinars, animations, and recordings on YouTube.
https://www.youtube.com/static?template=privacy_guidelines
bing.com
We use the Bing tracking code to determine whether users found our website through Bing Ads, and to allow us to optimize the performance of our Bing advertising campaign.
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
ytimg.com
YouTube allows us to host video content like webinars, animations, and recordings on our website where our customers can conveniently access them.
https://www.youtube.com/static?template=privacy_guidelines
6sc.co
To enable account based marketing
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
How to refuse the use of cookies
You can prevent your browser from accepting certain cookies, have the browser require your consent before a new cookie is placed in your browser, or block cookies altogether by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser privacy preferences menu.
The links below will help you find the settings for some common browsers (please note that we are not responsible for the content of external websites):
Manage cookie settings in Chrome and Chrome Android and Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in Safari and Safari iOS
Manage cookie settings in Firefox
Manage cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in Opera
For all other browsers, or, for alternative advice, help may be sought by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org, or, via your device user manual, or, online help files. For information on how to opt-out of cookies set by our suppliers, please visit the applicable links listed in the table above.
4. Third Party Web Advertising Services
Our Services may use Google Analytics, particularly within our marketing or free content sites, for the purposes of analyzing visitor / customer site interactions including interactions with our online marketing campaigns.   For information about how Google processes the data collected please refer to the Google Privacy Policy.
You may opt-out of third party web advertising services that provide personalised advertising based on your online activity. You can also configure your web browser to delete and / or block the use of cookies for any third party (see Section 4 for further information).
The following sites may be used to register your 3rd party opt-out preferences:
visit Your Ad Choices or NAI Consumer opt-out for the U.S.
visit Your Ad Choices for Canada
visit Your Online Choices for the EU
Visit Your Online Choices for Australia
Please note: Clicking the links above will redirect you to the appropriate third party website. We are not responsible for the content of external websites. Opting out of Advertising Cookies will not remove advertising from the pages you visit; instead it means the ads you will see may not be matched to your interests.
5. Changes
We will update this cookie notice from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date. If we make any material changes, we will provide notice through the Service or by other means.
6. Contact
If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this cookie notice, or our processing of your information, you can contact us via our Privacy Centre.
You may also lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in the applicable jurisdiction.
Reed Elsevier