http://www.saginawfoundation.org/site/privacy/
Home
Give Now
About
What we do
FAQ
Timeline
Funds
Staff
Board of Directors
Media Center
Financial Information
Volunteer
National Standards
Contact
Advisors
Advisor Resources
Donors
Give Now
Give Later
Donor Services
Donor Resources
Corporate Philanthropy
Impact Investing
Nonprofits
Fiscal Sponsorships
Grants
Scholarships
Scholarship Directory
CTE/Vocational Scholarships
Before You Begin
Frequently Asked Questions
Additional Scholarship Opportunities
Initiatives
FORCE
Youth First
Giving Back Task Force
Saginaw County Roadmap to Health
Alignment Saginaw
Blog
Saginaw Community Foundation » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our web site.
Use of links
Throughout our web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. We take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views or accuracy of the information contained on other servers. Creating a text link from your web site to our site does not require permission. If you have a link you’d like us to consider adding to our web site, please send an email to info@saginawfoundation.org with the subject “Link request.”
Use of text and images
If you would like to publish information that you find on our web site, please send your request to info@saginawfoundation.org. Where text or images are posted on our site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement appears at the bottom of the page. Information about using our logo and images is available by contacting Media Relations.
Accessibility
This web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at info@saginawfoundation.org.
Reading or downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
Online profile updates and donations
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings. See the “Opt Out” section below.
Sending us an email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail (email) message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer your questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: we will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We won’t share your name or email address with any outside parties.
Children and privacy
For children who visit our site, special rules apply. We do not request personal information about children, such as first and last name or street address and city. When kids send email to us, their online contact information (email address) is not used to re-contact them and is not maintained in retrievable form.
Opt-out or change your contact information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You also may update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.
Google Analytics
Saginaw Community Foundation utilizes Google Analytics to collect information about our website users. Google Analytics cookies and/or Google Advertising cookies may be used to track the pages website users visit. Website user’s personal information is never collected. To opt-out of Google Analytics and/or Google Advertising tracking, please review the options available from Google.
Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us at: Saginaw Community Foundation, 1 Tuscola St., Suite 100B, Saginaw, MI 48607, Phone: (989) 755-0545, Fax: (989) 755-6524, Email: info@saginawfoundation.org.
Inner Circle The Inner Circle program publicly recognizes and honors individuals and corporations who provide additional operational support to the foundation. When you become an Inner Circle sponsor, your contribution provides critical operational support that enables us to effectively communicate with donors and prospects, as well as expose our staff to opportunities that help them better lead our community.
Become a member of our Inner Circle.
Chairman’s Circle
President’s Circle
Friends Circle Andrews Hooper Pavlik PLC
Ascension St. Mary’s
Burt Watson Chevrolet
Covenant HealthCare
Duperon Corporation
Fabiano Brothers
Garber Automotive Group
The Iles Schropp Group
Isabella Bank
Michigan Sugar Company
Rehmann
Saginaw Valley State University
Shaheen Development
Spence Brothers
TCF Bank
Wildfire Credit Union
The Wirt-Rivette Group
Wolgast Corporation
Zehnder’s of Frankenmuth
1 Tuscola | Suite 100B | Saginaw, MI 48607 | Phone: (989) 755-0545 | Fax: (989) 755-6524 |
Privacy Policy | ©,
Saginaw Community Foundation. All Rights Reserved.