http://www.prayerscapes.com/admin/terms_and_conditions.html
creative prayer journeys
Toggle navigation
home
films
music
prayers
artwork
children
contact
blog
about us
contact us
about prayerscapes
statement of faith
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
terms and conditionsprayerscapes website
Welcome to our website. If you
continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be
bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our
privacy policy govern www.prayerscapes.com relationship with you in relation to this
website. If you disagree with any part of these terms
and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term
'www.prayerscapes.com' or ‘us’ or
‘we’ refers to the owner of the website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer
of our website.
The use of this website is
subject to the following terms of use:
• The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
• Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
• Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
• This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
• All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
• Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
• From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
• Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
latest blog
Sanctuary – the new prayerscapes album
Our new instrumental album, featuring many of the soundtracks used in our prayerscapes videos, is out now! “Sanctuary” is an hour of beautifully calm instrumental music ideal as a backdrop for prayer, meditation, work or study. If you’re familiar with our prayer videos, you’ll recognise the ones used as an accompaniment to “The Lord’s Prayer”, Read More
Prayer for Pentecost 2020
It is so important to nurture the presence of God’s Spirit within us.  The Holy Spirit is our comforter, the one who wraps wings of protection around us when we are vulnerable. He is our teacher, illuminating truth so that we can see and understand his beautiful ways. And He is our healer, binding our Read More
An Easter Prayer
This is a very different Easter time for many of us across the world. Just like Jesus’s disciples after they had witnessed his death, we face uncertainty, fear and sorrow. Yet as we take time to pause and reflect, we shall unearth new treasures of Kingdom value. They will hold a fresh message, anointing and Read More
about
resources
copyright
privacy policy
t & c