https://www.foulston.com/what-we-do/privacy-data-security
Who We Are
What We Do
Resources
About
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy & Data Security
Home >
What We Do > Practice Areas > Privacy & Data Security
Expand All | Collapse All
Overview
Modern businesses have an ever greater need to collect, store, transmit, and utilize data. From customers’ credit card information to patients’ protected health information (PHI) to personal information on an employment application to proprietary information, sensitive data permeates every crevice of a business and its operations. With increased utilization of data, comes increased risk of cyber attack or breach. It is not a question of if, but when a business will become a victim of a cyber attack or experience a breach. Businesses must be prepared to immediately respond in the event of an attack or breach incident.
These cybersecurity risks are not limited to high tech firms. Even small to medium traditional “brick and mortar” businesses utilize point of sale, accounting, content management, and other systems that contain critical and sensitive data, either in-house or through “cloud” based systems hosted by vendors and contractors. As the risks have increased, state, federal, and foreign governments have implemented increasingly complex and stringent information security regulations for the privacy and security of consumer, patient, and employee information. At the same time, consumers have demanded greater data protection, transparency, and accountability from companies with whom they do business. Preparing for and responding to these data protection challenges are vital for any business to survive and prosper.
Foulston Siefkin’s attorneys utilize their broad risk management experience to help clients understand, prepare for, and respond to every part of the information life cycle. Whether you are acquiring a software system, engaging a hosting system provider, outsourcing data-intensive functions to a vendor, drafting privacy and data security policies and procedures, auditing your data protection practices, engaging in the sale or licensing of data, responding to a data breach or cyber attack, or defending a class-action or other data litigation, Foulston Siefkin’s attorneys have the background and experience to advise, counsel, represent, and defend clients in all aspects of the cybersecurity spectrum.
Areas of Representation
Data Security Compliance, Counseling, and Risk Management
We counsel clients on network security and data security practices and risk management methods, including risk identification and assessment, risk mitigation, development of procedures and protocols to help prevent and deter cybersecurity breaches, and analyzing insurance coverage. Our experience includes:
Assessing company privacy, security, and data protection and information security management policies and procedures, based on our extensive experience in regulated industries, and utilizing National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standards.
Preparing employment agreements and policies, including Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) policies and other issues related to employee-supplied smartphones and tablets.
Advising clients on employment issues regarding employee data privacy, including nondisclosure of confidential and proprietary information and competitive intelligence and trade secrets.
Preparing Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) privacy, security, and breach notification policies and procedures, including the use of mobile and medical devices.
Working with clients and security experts to prepare policies and modifying business forms to incorporate data security principles in client agreements and third party service provider contracts.
Analyzing coverage and counseling clients concerning insurance policies for cybersecurity issues.
Privacy and Security Regulation
We leverage our extensive experience in the financial services, healthcare, information technology, trade, and other regulated industries to assist clients in complying with state, federal, and international information privacy and security requirements. Our experience includes:
Advising clients on data privacy and security laws and regulations in regulated industries and practices, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, USA Patriot Act, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and the Federal Trade Commission’s (FTC) Identity Theft Red Flag Rules and other federal and state laws.
Preparing business associate agreements, business partner agreements, and other contractual provisions to pass through data privacy and security requirements.
Assisting and counseling clients on policies and procedures to satisfy the U.S. Department of Commerce’s “Safe Harbor” framework for compliance with the European Commission’s Directive on Data Protection and the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection, including self-certification.
Drafting and reviewing website data privacy and security policies to comply with applicable federal and state requirements, including the enforcement actions and guidance under the Federal Trade Commission’s (FTC) Act.
Transactions Involving Data
Our merger and acquisition, commercial transactions, information technology, and intellectual property attorneys bring their breadth of experience to bear on transactions that include the transfer or licensing of proprietary and protected information. Our experience includes:
Assisting and counseling with data privacy and security due diligence investigations.
Preparing and negotiating pre-transaction documents and sale and licensing agreements.
Structuring joint venture and acquisition entity arrangements to comply with applicable data and export control restrictions.
Evaluating and negotiating security consulting and securing technology licensing agreements.
Data Breach Response
We assist our clients in their preparation for potential data breaches to help minimize their potential legal exposure. Together with technical experts and consultants, we investigate incidents to determine the scope of a breach, analyze what is required under applicable laws, and counsel clients concerning compliance with legal requirements and best practices. We assist our clients with:
Drafting policies and procedures and contractual provisions regarding discovery, investigation, remediation, and reporting of breaches.
Advising clients concerning the legal aspects of data security breach incidents including protection of the breach investigation under attorney-client privilege to the greatest extent possible.
Determining legal obligations for data breach response and notification and disclosure obligations under the federal and state regulations, including compliance with the Kansas Security Breach Notification statute and other state requirements, breach notification requirements of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Breach Notification Rule.
Assisting clients in presenting claims under cyber insurance policies.
Data Breach and Cyber Attack Litigation and Counseling
Our litigation attorneys bring suits against those who commit cyber attacks and steal or misappropriate our clients’ proprietary and protected information. Our attorneys are also experienced in defending our clients against governmental investigations and actions resulting from breaches of their data. Our experience includes:
Litigating cases involving intellectual property infringement and information and data misappropriation suits, including obtaining preliminary and permanent injunctions.
Enforcing cyber insurance policies.
Representing clients with collateral litigation resulting from breaches of personally identifiable information and other protected information.
Defending government investigations and enforcement actions and successfully negotiating resolutions with regulators, including actions involving the Office for Civil Rights (OCR).
Export Control, National Security, and Law Enforcement Investigations
Preparing policies and practices for and advising clients concerning export control compliance, including ITAR, EAR, and OFAC.
Counseling clients who have received Kansas or federal law enforcement and governmental requests for access to information.
Defending executives and corporations in white collar investigations relating to compliance issues.
Attorneys
Primary Contacts
Daniel J. Buller
Partner
T: 913.253.2179
dbuller@foulston.com
Additional Supporting Attorneys
Holly A. Dyer
Partner
T: 316.291.9773
hdyer@foulston.com
William P. Matthews
Partner
T: 316.291.9556
bmatthews@foulston.com
Brooke Bennett Aziere
Partner
T: 316.291.9768
baziere@foulston.com
Get to know Brooke Bennett Aziere
Gordon G. Kirsten II
Special Counsel
T: 316.291.9538
gkirsten@foulston.com
Tara Eberline
Partner
T: 913.253.2136
teberline@foulston.com
Teresa L. Shulda
Partner
T: 316.291.9791
tshulda@foulston.com
Jeff P. DeGraffenreid
Partner
T: 316.291.9788
jdegraffenreid@foulston.com
Related Links
US Computer Emergency Readiness Team
Kansas Office of Information Technology Services
FBI—Cyber Crime
FTC Act Section 5 Examination of Unfair/Deceptive Practices
Electronic Communications Privacy Act
Prosecuting Computer Crimes – Justice Dept.
Federal Trade Commission – Privacy and Security
Issue Alerts
2020
Coronavirus: Maintaining Privacy and Data Security with a Remote Workforce