http://www.msgfacts.com/privacy-policy/
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. BY ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW.
Website Purpose
Our website address is: https://msgfacts.com. This website is designed primarily as an informational resource. Permission to reprint information in whole or in part contained on this website is granted, provided customary credit is given. More information about this website is available on the About page.
Third party websites
We may from time to time, recommend and link to the websites of partner networks or organizations, to and from the websites of third parties and to and from links to any social media platforms. If you follow a link to any of these websites or social media platforms, please note that these websites and social media platforms should have their own privacy policies, which will govern their use of the information that you provide to them and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. It is your responsibility to check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or social media platforms.
Although we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that information contained on our website is as accurate and up-to-date as possible we do not make any representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that information on our website or accessible from it is accurate, complete or up-to-date and on this basis, we accept no liability for any inaccuracy on our website, nor for any loss or damage caused by inaccurate information. If you discover any inaccurate information on our website please let us know, and we will try to correct it as soon as possible.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked to from our website; these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as an endorsement by us of those linked websites and we will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Privacy Policy
MSGfacts.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us at if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Pinterest
© 2020 The Glutamate Association.
| About | Contact | Privacy Policy |SitemapSince its discovery in 1908, monosodium glutamate (MSG) has been used safely and effectively to enhance the taste of foods. The extensive scientific research on glutamate, umami and monosodium glutamate has been reviewed by scientists and regulators worldwide. The U.S. Food & Drug Administration and regulatory agencies around the world have concluded that monosodium glutamate (MSG) is safe for everyone. Glutamate seasoning is the simplest, purest way to add umami to food.
About MSG
About MSG
FAQs about MSG
Is MSG Safe for Everyone?
10 Facts About MSG
Umami
Umami – Our Fifth Taste
Enhancing Umami Taste
The Discovery of Umami
Food & Nutrition
Glutamate in Food
MSG as Seasoning
Improving Taste
MSG in Cooking
Umami Recipes
News Center
News
Umami, Glutamate, MSG: In the News
MSGdish Blog
Library
Science Center
Videos
Resources
Useful Links
Contact