https://www.bionicegg.com/policies-terms-conditions.php
Privacy + Terms & Conditions
The legal stuff.
+ Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses how Bionic Egg collects, uses information about you. We will never share your information with anyone, unless written permission is provided from a user. This policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites bionicegg.com or otherwise interact with us. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address given on our website:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuses and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Wherever we collect sensitive information that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark without prior written permission of the website owner.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
UPDATES
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at: incubate@bionicegg.com
+ Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Bionic Egg’s Website.
By accessing this website, we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use Bionic Egg’s website if you do not accept all the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of United States. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using Bionic Egg’s website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Bionic Egg’s privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Bionic Egg and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Bionic Egg All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print pages from www.Bionic Egg.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
You must not:
Republish material from www.bionicegg.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from www.bionicegg.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from www.bionicegg.com
Redistribute content from Bionic Egg (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
User Comments
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material and data (‘Comments’) in areas of the website. Bionic Egg does not screen, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their appearance on the website and Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of Bionic Egg, its agents or affiliates. Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the extent permitted by applicable laws Bionic Egg shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
Bionic Egg reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy.
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant to Bionic Egg a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and
System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:
Commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, American Automobile Association, AARP and Consumers Union;
Dot.com community sites;
Associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,
Online directory distributors
Internet portals
Accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses; and
Educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed to link); (b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of Bionic Egg; and (d) where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and their products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must notify us by sending an e-mail to info@limbicmedical.com. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site, and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of (Bionic Egg)’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
Iframes
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you.
Whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
Limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
Limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
Limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Fill out our DNA form to get started
Bionic Egg.®
P+T&C
INSTA
FB
YELP
CLUTCH
LINKDN