https://www.maharaj.org/privacy.shtml
It is my conviction that privacy is an essential human
right, akin to the fundamental right of each of us to be free of unwarranted
intrusion into, or interference with, our personal lives.
The advent of the information age has thrown this
right into bold relief, and I have tried to
create a forceful privacy policy for my web site, to enshrine
fair, ethical, and trustworthy information practices that protect the
integrity of the relationship I share with my site's visitors.
International Standards
I have voluntarily developed a privacy policy drawn from internationally recognised standards. In particular, my policy is based upon: Canada's Personal
Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act; the European
Union's Data
Protection Directive; and the OECD's Guidelines
on the Protection of Privacy. In addition, my web site was an early adopter of the World Wide Web Consortium's P3P Platform for Privacy Preferences.
Preserving Your Anonymity
You need not reveal any personal information whatsoever
to visit my web site, to view any of the pages, or to download any of
my files.
Optional and Limited
Information Collection
My web site offers three optional services: subscribe
to my newsletter; volunteer with one of my
projects or organisations; and contribute
to a project.
If you avail yourself of any of these options, I will
only ask you for information to fulfil your request, and I can only collect
information from you with your explicit consent.
Guaranteed Non-Disclosure
I will not sell or rent any of your personal information
to any third parties. The only instances in which I would share your contact details would be in cases where you specifically express a desire to receive information from one of the not-for-profit organisations with which I work
(e.g. UNICEF, the Mosaic Institute). If I make use of an external mailing service to send you my newsletters, I will ensure that your contact details are protected and not passed on to others.
Limited Information
Retention
I will retain your information to provide you with the services you have requested.
Highest Security Encryption
If you choose to contribute
online to support one of my public affairs projects using my own donation facility, my site will
assure the security and privacy of your transaction with Secure Socket
Layer (SSL) technologies, including strong-encryption keys. When I employ it, my secure donation page is powered through a partnership with HelpForCharities.com,
a trusted secure e-commerce provider to Canada's philanthropic
community. HelpForCharities.com is bound by my privacy policy, and has
additional
provisions to further guarantee your security during your use of my
donation page. Credit card information will be used by HelpForCharities.com only to process
donations with the relevant financial institutions, and will be deleted
immediately afterwards. HelpForCharities.com is strictly forbidden from
passing your credit card details to any third party or even to me.
Cookies
If you subscribe to my newsletter, the subscription
process will be assisted by a temporary session cookie, which will be
used only for this function and which will delete itself when you
close your browser window. The web site visit counter uses persistent cookies, but visitors to my site are not required to enable or to accept such cookies to have full use of the site.
No Advertising
There is no third-party commercial advertising at
my web site, and I will provide no information whatsoever to commercial advertisers about visitors to my site. I may occasionally post buttons or links encouraging you to visit or support charitable or public interest sites.
Safeguarding Information
Any personal information you provide to me will be
kept in confidence and protected online and offline. If you wish to send me encrypted e-mail, you may do so using my PGP Public Key.
Content Streaming by Partner Sites
I occaisonally embed YouTube videos and SoundCloud audio recordings in my blog posts. If you choose to view or to listen to this material, the media will be streamed to you by the host sites under their own privacy and advertising policies.
Changes to this Policy
Should it become necessary for me to alter this privacy
policy in any substantial way, I will notify you here at my web site.
Accountability and Enforcement
I have named Oksana Golizyn to act as my web site's
independent Chief Privacy Officer. She will monitor the web site's compliance
with this policy and enforce any necessary remedial
actions. If you have any privacy concerns with my
site, please feel free to contact Oksana through my bureau.
Privacy
Policy
Akaash Maharaj - Breaking News
CEO of the Mosaic Institute
My work in international peacebuilding
Testifying at Parliament
My testimony on regulation of social media.
United Nations
My address in the UN General Assembly Chamber
Toronto Star
My article on how Canada should respond to Trump