https://www.commonfuture.co/terms-and-privacy/
Vision —— Our theory of change — towards a Common Future.
Initiatives —— Our programs and offerings.
Impact —— Stories of real change on a local/national level.
People —— Team, board, faculty and Social Entrepeneurs in Residence.
Thinking + Doing —— Articles, news, stories and updates.
Support
Terms of Use
Last Updated: January 15, 2020
These Terms of Use (“Terms”)
apply to your access to and use of the website (the “Site”) provided by Common
Future (“CF,” or “we”). By using our Site, you agree to these Terms, including the mandatory
arbitration provision and class action waiver in Section 11. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not
use our Site.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we
make changes, we will provide you with notice of such changes, such as by
sending an email, providing a notice through our Site or updating the date at
the top of these Terms. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the amended
Terms will be effective immediately, and your continued use of our Site after
we provide such notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do
not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop using our Site.
If you have any questions about these Terms or our Site,
please contact us at info@commonfuture.co.
1.
Privacy
For information about how we collect, use, share or otherwise process information about you, please see our Privacy Policy below.
2. Eligibility
You must be at least 18 years of age to use our Site. If you
use our Site on behalf of another person or entity, (a) all references to “you”
throughout these Terms will include that person or entity, (b) you represent
that you are authorized to accept these Terms on that person’s or entity’s
behalf, and (c) in the event you or the person or entity violates these Terms, the
person or entity agrees to be responsible to us.
3. Prohibited Conduct and Content
You will not violate any applicable law, contract,
intellectual property right or other third-party right or commit a tort, and
you are solely responsible for your conduct while using our Site. You will not:
Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct;Impersonate or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;Copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform or publicly display all or portions of our Site, except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors; Modify our Site, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any derivative works based upon our Site; Use our Site other than for their intended purpose and in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Site or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Site in any manner;Reverse engineer any aspect of our Site or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Site;Use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods designed to scrape or extract data from our Site, except as expressly permitted by CF; Send, distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk commercial electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; orUse our Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms.
Enforcement
of this Section 3
is solely at CF’s discretion, and failure to enforce this section in some
instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce it in other
instances.  In addition, this Section 3
does not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or
any reasonable expectation that the Site will not contain any content that is
prohibited by such rules.
4. Ownership; Limited License
The Site, including the text, graphics, images, photographs,
videos, illustrations and other content contained therein, are owned by CF or
our licensors and are protected under both United States and foreign laws.
Except as explicitly stated in these Terms, all rights in and to the Site are
reserved by us or our licensors. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you
are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable,
revocable license to access and use our Site for your own personal,
noncommercial use. Any use of the Site other than as specifically authorized
herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited, will
terminate the license granted herein and violate our intellectual property
rights.
5. Trademarks
“COMMON FUTURE” and our logos, our product or service names,
our slogans and the look and feel of the Site are trademarks of CF and may not
be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written
permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and
company names or logos mentioned on the Site are the property of their
respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other
information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does
not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by us.
6. Feedback
You may voluntarily post, submit or otherwise communicate to
us any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials
or other information about CF or our Site (collectively, “Feedback”). You
understand that we may use such Feedback for any purpose, commercial or
otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you, including, without
limitation, to develop, copy, publish, or improve the Feedback in CF’s sole
discretion. You understand that CF may treat Feedback as nonconfidential.
7. Third-Party Content
We may provide information about third-party products,
services, activities or events, or we may allow third parties to make their content
and information available on or through the Site (collectively, “Third-Party
Content”). We provide Third-Party Content as a service to those
interested in such content. Your dealings or correspondence with third parties
and your use of or interaction with any Third-Party Content are solely between
you and the third party. CF does not control or endorse, and makes no
representations or warranties regarding, any Third-Party Content, and your
access to and use of such Third-Party Content is at your own risk.
8. Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will
indemnify, defend and hold harmless CF from and against any losses, liabilities,
claims, demands, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of
or related to (a) your access to or use of the Site; (b) your violation of
these Terms; (c) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights
of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights); or (d)
your conduct in connection with the Site. You agree to promptly notify CF
Parties of any third-party Claims, cooperate with CF in defending such Claims
and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims
(including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees). You also agree that CF will
have control of the defense or settlement, at CF’s sole option, of any
third-party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any
other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and CF.
9. Disclaimers
Your use of our Site
is at your sole risk. Except as otherwise provided in a writing by us, our Site
and any content therein are provided “as is” and “as available” without
warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited
to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
title, and non-infringement. In addition, CF does not represent or warrant that
our Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. While CF
attempts to make your use of our Site and any content therein safe, we cannot
and do not represent or warrant that our Site or servers are free of viruses or
other harmful components. You assume the entire risk as to the quality and
performance of the Site.
10. Limitation of Liability
(a) To the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, CF and the other CF Parties will not be
liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort,
negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect,
consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost
profits, even if CF or the other CF Parties have been advised of the
possibility of such damages.
(b) The total liability
of CF and the other CF Parties for any claim arising out of or relating to
these Terms or our Site, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to $100.00.
(c) The limitations
set forth in this Section 10 will not limit or exclude liability for
the gross negligence, fraud or intentional misconduct of CF or the other CF
Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited
under applicable law. Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
11. Dispute Resolution; Binding Arbitration
(a) Please read the
following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain
disputes and claims with CF and limits the manner in which you can seek relief
from us, unless you opt out of arbitration by following the instructions set
forth below. No class or representative actions or arbitrations are allowed
under this arbitration agreement. In addition,
arbitration precludes you from suing in court or having a jury trial.
(b) No Representative
Actions. You and CF agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these
Terms or our Site is personal to you and CF and that any dispute will be
resolved solely through individual action, and will not be brought as a class
arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding.
(c) Arbitration of Disputes.
Except for small claims disputes in which you or CF seeks to bring an
individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing
address or disputes in which you or CF seeks injunctive or other equitable
relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and CF waive your rights to a jury
trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms, our
privacy policy, privacy and data security claims, or our Site resolved in court.
Instead, for any dispute or claim that you have against CF or relating in any
way to the Site, our privacy policy, or privacy and data security claims, you
agree to first contact CF and attempt to resolve the claim informally by
sending a written notice of your claim (“Notice”) to CF by email at info@commonfuture.co
or by certified mail addressed to 2323 Broadway, Oakland, CA 94612. The Notice
must (a) include your name, residence address, email address, and telephone
number; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim; and (c) set forth the
specific relief sought. Our notice to you will be similar in form to that
described above. If you and CF cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim
within thirty (30) days after such Notice is received, then either party may
submit the dispute to binding arbitration administered by JAMS or, under the
limited circumstances set forth above, in court. All disputes submitted to JAMS
will be resolved through confidential, binding arbitration before one
arbitrator. Arbitration proceedings will be held Alameda County, California or
may be conducted telephonically or via video conference for disputes alleging
damages less than $1,000.00, in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined
Arbitration Rules and Procedures (“JAMS Rules”). The most recent
version of the JAMS Rules are available on the JAMS website and are hereby incorporated by
reference. You either acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand
the JAMS Rules or waive your opportunity to read the JAMS Rules and waive any
claim that the JAMS Rules are unfair or should not apply for any reason.
You and CF agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce
and that the enforceability of this Section 11
will be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act,
9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. (the “FAA”),
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. As limited by the FAA, these
Terms and the JAMS Rules, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make
all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any dispute and to grant any
remedy that would otherwise be available in court, including the power to
determine the question of arbitrability. The arbitrator may conduct only an
individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one individual’s
claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding or preside
over any proceeding involving more than one individual.
The arbitrator, CF, and you will maintain the
confidentiality of any arbitration proceedings, judgments and awards, including,
but not limited to, all information gathered, prepared and presented for
purposes of the arbitration or related to the dispute(s) therein. The
arbitrator will have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard
confidentiality, unless the law provides to the contrary. The duty of
confidentiality does not apply to the extent that disclosure is necessary to
prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits, in connection
with a court application for a preliminary remedy or in connection with a
judicial challenge to an arbitration award or its enforcement, or to the extent
that disclosure is otherwise required by law or judicial decision.
You and CF agree that for any arbitration you initiate, you
will pay the filing fee and CF will pay the remaining JAMS fees and costs. For
any arbitration initiated by CF, CF will pay all JAMS fees and costs. You and CF
agree that the state or federal courts of the State of California and the
United States sitting in Alameda County, California have exclusive jurisdiction
over any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award.
(d)
Any claim arising out of or related to these Terms or our Site must be filed
within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, the claim is permanently
barred, which means that you and CF will not have the right to assert the
claim.
(e)
You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date
you first accepted the terms of this Section 11 by emailing us at info@commonfuture.co.
In order to be effective, the opt-out notice must include your full name and
address and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration. By
opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve disputes in
accordance with Section 12.
If any portion of this Section 11
is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (a) the unenforceable
or unlawful provision shall be severed from these Terms; (b) severance of the
unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the
remainder of this Section 11
or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an
individual basis pursuant to this Section 11;
and (c) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class,
collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be
litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration,
and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending
the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration. Further, if any part of
this Section 11
is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking public injunctive relief, that
provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be sought
out of arbitration, and the remainder of this Section 11
will be enforceable.
12. Governing Law and Venue
Any dispute arising from these Terms
and your use of the Site will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of California, except to the extent preempted by U.S. federal law,
without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of California or
any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any
other jurisdiction. Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to
arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in the
state or federal courts of California and the United States, respectively,
sitting in Alameda County, California.
13. Modifying and Terminating our Site
We reserve the right to modify our Site or to suspend or
stop providing all or portions of our Site at any time. You also have the right
to stop using our Site at any time. We are not responsible for any loss or harm
related to your inability to access or use our Site.
14. Severability
If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms is
unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is
deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions.
15. Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and CF
relating to your access to and use of our Site. Notwithstanding any other provisions
of these Terms, Sections 3,
6,
8,
9,
10,
11,
and 12
survive any expiration or termination of these terms. The failure of CF to
exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a
waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for
convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Except as otherwise
provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties
and are not intended to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other
person or entity. You agree that communications and transactions between us may
be conducted electronically. These Terms may not be transferred, assigned or
delegated by you, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written
consent, and any attempted transfer, assignment or delegation without such
consent will be void and without effect. We may freely transfer, assign or
delegate these Terms or the Site, in whole or in part, without your prior
written consent.
–—
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 15, 2020
This
Privacy Policy explains how Common Future (“CF”, “we”
or “us”)collects, uses, and discloses
information about you when you access or use our websites (collectively, the “Sites”),
attend our events, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with
us.
We
may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make changes, we will notify you by
revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide
you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website homepage
or sending you a notification).  We
encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Sites or
otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and
the choices available to you.
CONTENTS
Collection of InformationUse of InformationSharing of InformationAnalytics Services Provided by OthersTransfer of Information to the U.S. and Other CountriesYour ChoicesContact Us
COLLECTION
OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you
provide directly to us.  For example, we
collect information when you sign up to receive email newsletters, fill out a
form, apply for a volunteering opportunity or fellowship, make a donation,
attend one of our events, or participate in one of our programs, or otherwise
communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name,
email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, CF program you
participate in, photos, videos, audio recordings and other information or media
you choose to provide.
Other Information We Collect When You Use our Sites
When you use our Sites or otherwise
interact with us, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Usage Information: We collect aggregated information about your use of the Sites, such as
areas of the Sites that most popular. Transactional Information: When you make a donation, we collect information
about the transaction, such as donation details, amount, and date and location
of the transaction.Log Information:  We collect information related
to your use of the Sites, including the type of browser you use, access times,
pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to
our Sites.Device Information:
We collect information about
the device you use to access our Sites, including the hardware model, operating
system and version.Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking
Technologies:  We (and our service providers) use different
technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons.  Cookies are small data files stored on your
hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Sites and your
experience, see which areas and features of our Sites are popular, and count
visits.  Web beacons (also known as
“pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that may be used in our Sites
or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and
campaign effectiveness.  For more
information about cookies and how to disable them, see Your Choices below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We
may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with
information we collect through our Sites.
For example, if you make a donation to one of our causes or programs on
a third-party platform, we may receive some information back from the platform
operator, including donor name and amount of the donation.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information we
collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Sites;Facilitate your participation in events and programs that we and our partners host or provide;Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages and to respond to your comments, questions, and customer service requests;Send you newsletters and otherwise provide you with information that we think will be of interest to you (see “Your Choices” below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time); Solicit volunteers, donations and support for CF; Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Sites; Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of CF and others; and
Carry out any
other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
SHARING OF
INFORMATION
We may share information
about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors,
service providers, and consultants that perform services for us, including cloud
hosting providers and email vendors;With our volunteers
or program participants who work on similar causes or projects with you;With event
organizers who help us host and facilitate events that you attend; In response to a
request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or
required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by
public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;If we believe
your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies;If we believe you
have violated the law, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of CF or
others;In connection
with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of CF assets, financing or
acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another organization; Between and among
CF and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other entities
under common control and ownership; andWith your consent
or at your direction.
We
may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably
be used by those third parties to
identify you.
ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS
We
may allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf across the
web.  These entities may use cookies, web
beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about
your use of the Sites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, and
time spent on pages.  This information
may be used by CFand others to,
among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain
content, and better understand the online activity of our users.
TRANSFER OF
INFORMATION TO THE U.S.
CF
is based in the United States and we process and store information in the U.S. Therefore, we and our service providers may
transfer your information to, or store or access it in jurisdictions that may
not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction.
YOUR CHOICES
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Sites.
Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional
emails from CF by following the instructions in those emails.  If you opt out, we may still send you other
emails such as receipts, confirmations and other transactional or relationship
messages.
Contact Us
If
you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
MAIL – ATTN: Common Future 2323 Broadway, Oakland, CA 94612, PHONE – 510-587-9417, or EMAIL – info@commonfuture.co.