https://www.wigsforkids.org/about-us/financial-policies/
Call Us :								440.333.4433
Donate
Financials and Policies
Financial and Policy Information
The Wigs for Kids charity for children cares about your privacy. Below you will find our various policies that ensure you will remain in control of your personal information. If you have been looking into hair donation charities, Wigs for Kids is an excellent choice. We are a Section 501(c)(3) charitable organization and your monetary donations are tax deductible. We rely on the generosity of others and are not funded by the government in any way. Please feel free to call or email us to learn more.
Financials
Wigs for Kids is a non-profit organization, Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Your monetary donations are deductible for federal income tax purposes.
We sincerely appreciate your generosity as we are completely funded through company, foundations, groups, schools, church and individual contributions. Our charity for children is not funded by the federal government.
You may request a free copy or summary of our latest annual report by writing to:
Wigs for Kids
24231 Center Ridge Rd
Westlake, OH 44145
Policies
The privacy of our supporters is important to Wigs for Kids (WFK). We understand that the visitors to wigsforkids.org need to be in control of their personal information. Therefore, the following is our Internet Privacy Policy:
WFK will not sell or provide your email address to other businesses or organizations for their general use. WFK collects information such as the visitor’s domain name, site traffic patterns, and server usage statistics. This information is used to improve the performance and content of our web pages. We do not collect your e-mail address unless you choose to communicate with us via e-mail or you volunteer your e-mail address on a form on this site.
Information We Collect & How we Use It
WFK collect personal, or individually identifiable, information you provide to us, typically by completing online forms – examples would include an e-mail address, physical street address, phone number, etc. With your permission, we may use this information to contact you about WFK events or content.
Secondly, we collect standard web server/visitor traffic information, commonly referred to as aggregate information, regarding overall Web site traffic patterns. Normally, Web servers collect this type of basic information automatically as part of their Web log processes. We do not report on individual user sessions.
Identifiable Information
There are instances when WFK requests individually identifiable information from its online users. The following are examples of situations where we might request such information from you: contacting us to request information, contacting us to receive a hairpiece, contacting us for our Sponsor A Child Program, contacting us to sign up your salon or hair replacement center for our Affiliate or Ambassador Program, contacting us for hair donation information, making a donation, and inquiring about volunteer opportunities.
In the case of memorial or honorary contributions, a personalized card is sent to a designated recipient, usually the family member of the deceased or the surviving victim. Therefore, we will request the name, address, city, state, zip code and telephone number for your designated card recipient. This information is used for the purpose of sending the card and we may use this information to contact them about WFK events or content.
When you make a donation, you may be asked if you would like to receive further contact from us via our Web site. If you indicate yes, you will be placed on our e-mail distribution list. If you later want to be removed from that list, you can remove yourself by clicking unsubscribe.
We maintain records of all donations made to WFK. Personal information is private and confidential. Additionally, all information is stored in a secure location accessible only by authorized staff. WFK may contact you with further communications via the Web, US Postal Mail, or telephone. If you wish to restrict the use of your contact information, you can choose to opt out by clicking unsubscribe on any email.
Wigs for Kids
24231 Center Ridge Rd
Westlake, OH 44145
Aggregate Information
We collect anonymous information from our Web server about your visit to our site in order to monitor general traffic patterns on our site. This information is collected and stored in log files on the server. We compile and analyze this information using Web Trends software. Reports generated by Web Trends include the following:
Total number of visitors
Most visited pages
Peak traffic times
Service provider IP addresses
Browser versions
Referring websites
Search terms used
Average number of pages request
Average duration of visit
Total visitor traffic
We use aggregate information gathered from your visit to better design our Web site. This information supplies us with a broad picture of how people use our Web site and helps us to better manage our systems and serve our audience.
Cookies
We use cookies, small files that are sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive to improve your Web site experience. The cookie is used to speed up your access to the Web site and the information you wish to see, but it does not contain any personal information. Most browsers will allow a user to accept or deny cookies. If a visitor rejects our cookies they may still use our site.
Links
Wigs for Kids is not responsible for the contents of any linked website that may be contained in our site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Wigs for Kids of that website and is provided only for information purposes.
WFK reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Our privacy policy will be kept-up-to date and clearly posted on our website.
Share this:TwitterFacebook
Latest Blog Posts
Mom Shaves Her Head in Support of Daughter
December 1, 2020
Two-Year-Old Rocks Her New Hairpiece
November 18, 2020