http://www.olsonschwartzfuneralhome.com/terms-of-use
Contact Us  |  Send Flowers
Olson-Schwartz Funeral Home & Cremation Service |
3330 Irvine Avenue NW |
Bemidji,
MN
56601 |
Tel:
1-218-751-3159
| Fax: 218-444-6160
|
Olson-Schwartz Funeral Home & Cremation Service |
3330 Irvine Avenue NW |
Bemidji,
MN
56601 |
Tel:
1-218-751-3159
| Fax: 218-444-6160
|
osfh@paulbunyan.net
Previous
Next
Contact Us  |  Send Flowers
Push button for menu
Push button for menu
Home
Obituaries
About Us
About Us
Our Staff
Our Facilities
Contact Us
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Directions
Product Selections
Pre-Plan
Pre-Arrangements
Pre-Arrangements Form
When Death Occurs
Veterans
Veterans Overview
Veterans Headstones
Veterans Burial Flags
Resources
Frequent Questions
Local Resources
Grief Support
Social Security Benefits
Documentation of Death Worksheet
Cremation Authorization
Urn and Jewelry Catalog
Consolidated Funeral Services, Inc. Terms of Use
These Terms of Use, together with Consolidated Funeral
Services, Inc. Privacy Policy, (collectively, the "Terms") set forth the terms
and conditions that apply to your access and use of the website of Consolidated
Funeral Services, Inc. (https://runcfs.com/) ("CFS" "we" or "us") and
associated services, including CFS services that are available through the
websites of our client funeral homes and other funeral service providers
(together, the "Sites"), whether as a client, end user or customer of a client,
or otherwise. "CFS" includes all officers, directors, employees, consultants,
affiliates, parent entities, subsidiaries, and agents. The Terms constitute a
legally binding agreement between you, whether personally or on behalf of an
entity ("you") and CFS concerning your access to and use of the Sites.
By using or accessing the Sites, you agree to these
Terms, as may be updated from time to time in accordance with Section 9 below.
1.
Account Security. To use the Sites you must (i) be at least
eighteen (18) years of age; (ii) have not previously been suspended or removed
from the Sites; and (iii) register for and use the Sites in compliance with any
and all applicable laws and regulations.
2.
Account Registration. To access some features of the Sites,
you may be required to register for an account. When you register for an
account, we may ask you to give us certain identifying information about yourself,
including but not limited to your email address and other contact information,
and to create a user name and password ("Registration Information"). When
registering for and maintaining an account, you agree to provide true,
accurate, current, and complete information about yourself. You also agree not
to impersonate anyone, misrepresent any affiliation with anyone else, use false
information, or otherwise conceal your identity from CFS for any purpose. You
are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your
password and other Registration Information. For your protection and the
protection of other users, we ask you not to share your Registration
Information with anyone else. If you do share this information with anyone, we
will consider their activities to have been authorized by you. If you have
reason to believe that your account is no longer secure, you must immediately
notify us at info@runcfs.com.
3.
Prohibited Conduct. You agree not to:
A.   Use the Sites for any
illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or
international law;
B.    Violate or
encourage others to violate the rights of third parties, including intellectual
property rights;
C.    Post, upload, or
distribute any content that is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate, or
that a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, profane, indecent,
pornographic, harassing, threatening, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate;
D.   Interfere in any way with
security-related features of the Sites;
E.    Interfere with
the operation or any user's enjoyment of the Sites, including by uploading or
otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious
code, making unsolicited offers or advertisements to other users, or attempting
to collect personal information about users or third parties without their
consent;
F.    Access, monitor
or copy any content or information of the Sites using any robot, spider,
scraper, or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without
CFS's express written permission;
G.   Use, reproduce, modify,
distribute or store any part of the Sites (including obituaries, event
information, or other content) for any purpose without the prior written
permission of CFS;
H.   Perform any fraudulent
activity, including impersonating any person or entity, claiming false
affiliations, accessing the accounts of other users without permission, or
falsifying your identity or any information about you, including age or date of
birth; or
I.      Sell
or otherwise transfer the access granted herein.
4.
Third Party Content. The Sites may contain links to
third party websites and services. CFS provides such links as a convenience,
and does not control or endorse these websites and services. You acknowledge
and agree that CFS has not reviewed the content, advertising, products,
services, or other materials that appear on such third party websites or
services, and is not responsible for the legality, accuracy, or appropriateness
of any such content, and shall not be responsible or liable, directly or
indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in
connection with the use of any such third party websites or services.
5.
Intellectual Property. You acknowledge and agree that when
you submit an obituary, post comments, submit a tribute video, or post or
submit other content (together, "content") to CFS or any website of any Client
operated by CFS, such content will be shared with and stored by CFS and its
affiliates and partners. You further acknowledge and agree that you relinquish
all ownership rights in any ideas or suggestions that you submit to CFS through
the Sites. The Sites are protected by applicable copyright and other
intellectual property laws, and no materials from the Sites may be copied,
reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any
way without our express permission. All trademarks and service marks on the Sites
belong to CFS, except third-party trademarks or service marks, which are the
property of their respective owners.
6.
User Content. You represent and warrant that you own or
otherwise have the right to use any content you post to the Sites. If you
believe that your content has been used in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement, you may contact our Designated Agent:
Peter Richardson
Consolidated Funeral Services,
Inc.
220-15 Reservoir Street
Phone: 888-881-6131
Fax: 617-849-5459
Email: dcma@consolidatedfuneralservices.com
You must provide the following information: an electronic
or physical signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on
behalf of the copyright owner; a description of the copyrighted work that you
claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is
infringing is located; your address, telephone number, and email address; a
written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is
not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by
you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice
is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the
copyright owner's behalf. CFS has adopted and implements a policy that
provides for termination in appropriate circumstances of accounts of users who
repeatedly infringe copyright or other intellectual property rights of CFS or
others.
7.
Indemnification. You agree that you will be personally
responsible for your use of the Sites, and you agree to defend, indemnify, and
hold harmless CFS from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages,
losses, and expenses (including attorneys' and accounting fees and costs),
arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to, use of, or
alleged use of the Sites; (ii) your violation of the Terms or any applicable
law or regulation; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including
without limitation any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality,
property, or privacy right; or (iv) any disputes or issues between you and any
third party. CFS reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the
exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to
indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our
defense of such claim.
8.
Termination. If you violate these Terms, your permission to
use the Sites will automatically terminate. In addition, CFS in its sole
discretion may suspend or terminate your user account and/or suspend or
terminate some or all of your access to the Sites at any time, with or without
notice to you. You may terminate your account at any time by contacting CFS at
info@runcfs.com. After your account is terminated, information and content
previously provided by you will no longer be accessible through your account,
but CFS may continue to store such information and content, and it may also be
stored by third parties to whom it has been transferred through your use of the
Sites.
9.
Modification of the Terms. CFS reserves the right at any
time to modify these Terms and to impose new or additional terms or conditions
on your use of the Sites. Such modifications and additional terms and
conditions will be effective immediately upon notice and incorporated into these
Terms. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of any material changes
to the Terms, including, but not limited to, by posting a notice to our website
or by sending an email to any address you may have provided to us. Your
continued use of the Sites following notice will be deemed acceptance of any
modifications to the Terms.
10.
Disclaimers of Warranties. The Sites are provided "as is"
and on an "as available" basis, without warranty or condition of any kind,
either express or implied. Although CFS seeks to maintain safe, secure,
accurate, and well-functioning services, we cannot guarantee the continuous
operation of or access to our Sites, and there may at times be inadvertent
technical or factual errors or inaccuracies. CFS specifically (but without
limitation) disclaims (i) any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement; and (ii) any
warranties arising out of course-of-dealing, usage, or trade. You assume all
risk for any/all damages that may result from your use of or access to the Sites.
CFS does not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaims all liability for, any
errors or other inaccuracies in the information, content, recommendations, and
materials made available through the Sites.
11.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will CFS be liable to
you for any incidental, special, consequential, direct, indirect, or punitive
damages, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence),
statute, or any other legal theory, whether or not CFS has been informed of the
possibility of such damage. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of
warranties or limitation of liability in certain circumstances. Accordingly,
some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
12.
Governing Law. These Terms are governed by the laws
of the State of Massachusetts, without regard to conflict of law principles. To
the extent that any lawsuit or court proceeding is permitted hereunder, you and
CFS agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts
of Massachusetts, or, if such courts shall not have jurisdiction, any federal
court of the United States, and appropriate appellate courts therefrom, for the
purpose of litigating all such disputes.
13.
Modification of the Sites. CFS reserves the right to modify
or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, some or all of the Sites at any
time without any notice or further obligation to you. You agree that CFS will
not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or
discontinuance of any of the Sites.
14.
General.
A.   Entire Agreement.
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement
between you and CFS regarding your use of and access to the Sites, and except
as expressly permitted above may only be amended by a written agreement signed
by authorized representatives of the parties.
B.    No Waiver.
The failure to require performance of any provision shall not affect our right
to require performance at any time thereafter, nor shall a waiver of any breach
or default of the Terms constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default
or a waiver of the provision itself.
C.    Paragraph
Headers. Use of paragraph headers in the Terms is for convenience only and
shall not have any impact on the interpretation of particular provisions.
D.   Severability. In
the event that any part of the Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable,
the unenforceable part shall be given effect to the greatest extent possible
and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.
15.
Notice to California Residents. Under California Civil Code
Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division
of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in
writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or
by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the
service or to receive further information regarding use of the service.
Last updated: September 16, 2020
***
Contact Us  |  Send Flowers
Olson-Schwartz Funeral Home & Cremation Service |
3330 Irvine Avenue NW |
Bemidji,
MN
56601 |
Tel:
1-218-751-3159
| Fax: 218-444-6160
|
Olson-Schwartz Funeral Home & Cremation Service |
3330 Irvine Avenue NW |
Bemidji,
MN
56601 |
Tel:
1-218-751-3159
| Fax: 218-444-6160
|
Popout Notice
X
Immediate Need
We stand ready to assist you.
If a death has occurred, please call us on the number below:
1-218-751-3159
Close this window
Home
Home
Obituaries
All Obituaries
About Us
About Us
Our Staff
Our Facilities
Contact Us
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Directions
Directions
Product Selections
Product Selections
Pre-Plan
Pre-Arrangements
Pre-Arrangements Form
When Death Occurs
When Death Occurs
Veterans
Veterans Overview
Veterans Headstones
Veterans Burial Flags
Resources
Frequent Questions
Local Resources
Grief Support
Social Security Benefits
Documentation of Death Worksheet
Cremation Authorization
Urn and Jewelry Catalog
Urn and Jewelry Catalog
A year of daily grief supportOur support in your time of need does not end after the funeral services.  Enter your email below to receive a grief support message from us each day for a year.  You can unsubscribe at any time.
Your Email Address
Sign Up
© 2020 Olson-Schwartz Funeral Home & Cremation Service.
All Rights Reserved.
Funeral Home website by CFS & TA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy