http://www.clubcrawlers.com/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
We at ClubCrawlers.com are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of its users.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
ClubCrawlers.com gathers non-personally identifiable information on users. This data is collected to better address user’s interface with the ClubCrawlers.com web site and does not contain any personal information such as name, address, or phone number. This information consists of the following:
Top Level Domain: e.g., .com, .net, or .edu.
Operating System: e.g., Windows, DOS, Macintosh, or UNIX
Browser version and type: e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer
Internet Service Provider (ISP): e.g., Mind Spring or AOL;
IP Address
Voluntary Submission
In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a specific service provided by ClubCrawlers.com. This type of voluntary submission includes newsletter subscriptions, Club Voting and/or survey forms.
Email Addresses
ClubCrawlers.com will not, without explicit consent of the user, give out email addresses to third parties, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, police investigations, or in legal proceedings where such information is required. Additionally, users may at anytime notify ClubCrawlers.com (admin@clubcrawlers.com) in order to be removed from the database.
Email List/Newsletter Subscriptions
When users voluntarily subscribe to the ClubCrawlers.com email list the following information is collected into a database: name, email address. Email addresses are used only for the purpose of delivering the Newsletter. Users have the option to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time and at their sole discretion, whereas their email address will be removed from the newsletter distribution database.
Credit Card Information
Clubcrawlers.com will not share your information including your email address or credit card information with any third party company nor will we send you any marketing information. Your email address, billing address, credit card info and phone number are collected for your security and to confirm your purchase
Instagram / clubcrawlers
View all
On Facebook
Clubcrawlers.com
Join the Conversation
Newsletter Signup
Enter your email address below to sign up for our e-newsletter, and recieve updates about latest promotions and club events.