https://www.ncfp.org/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service
About
Board, Fellows, & Staff
Who We Serve
What We Do
Knowledge Center
Content Collections
Policy Central
Publications & Research
Pursuit of Excellence: Board Self-Assessment Tool
Community Foundations Family Philanthropy Playbook
Events & Webinars
Blog
Contribute to the Blog
Peer Networks
Engaging Youth Peer Network
Non-family Staff Peer Network
Strategic Lifespan Peer Network
Friends and Partners
Family Philanthropy Job Board
Contact Us
Search for:
search
Join the Family or Sign in
Connect
TwitterFacebookLinkedIn
Terms of Service
Home >
Terms of Service
email
Email
Gmail
Yahoo
Outlook
AOL Mail
Twitter
Facebook
print
Terms of Service
Welcome to ncfp.org. The National Center for Family Philanthropy (NCFP) and its affiliates provide their services to you subject to certain conditions.
Privacy Policy
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of NCFP’s Privacy Policy.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, photographs, logos, graphics, button icons, data compilations and software, and the selection, arrangement and layout thereof are the property of NCFP or licensed to NCFP and as such, are protected by US and international copyright laws.
Content on this site is subject to the Knowledge Center Copyright and Sharing Guidelines.
Prohibitions
Attempts to upload information or change information on the NCFP website are strictly prohibited unless specifically authorized in writing by NCFP. This prohibition does not apply to a user providing information through an online form created by NCFP for that purpose.
Third Party Links
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page or other public pages of the NCFP website as long as the link does not portray NCFP or its affiliates, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. You may not share or link to password-protected content on NCFP’s website unless you have prior permission from NCFP.
The NCFP website may contain hypertext links to other sites on the internet. However, NCFP is not responsible for any information contained in other websites, nor is it liable for any inaccurate, defamatory, offensive, or illegal materials found on other websites.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
NCFP shall not be liable for any damage, loss or liability of whatsoever nature arising from the use or inability to use this website or the services or content provided from and through this website. Furthermore, NCFP makes no representations or warranties, implied or otherwise, that, amongst others, the content and technology available from this website are free from errors or omissions or that the service will be 100% uninterrupted and error free.
This website is supplied on an “as is” basis and has not been compiled or supplied to meet the user’s individual requirements. It is the sole responsibility of the user to satisfy itself prior to entering into this agreement with NCFP that the service available from and through this website will meet the user’s individual requirements and be compatible with the user’s hardware and/or software.
Information, ideas and opinions expressed on this site should not be regarded as professional advice or as the official opinion of NCFP, and users are encouraged to consult professional advice before taking any course of action related to information, ideas, or opinions expressed on this site.
COVID-19: Response and Recovery Resources for Giving Families
This collection features resources from the field, an interactive map of local funds, upcoming COVID-19 webinars, and more.
Browse the Collection
Racial Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion
This Content Collection includes a variety of perspectives and tools for addressing REDI issues within your organization, including a collection of customized Checklists, Quizzes, and Self-Assessment Tools for boards and staff.
Browse the Collection
Trends in Family Philanthropy: Current Research in the Field
This Content Collection features NCFP's Trends 2020 Study and other current research on the field of family philanthropy.
Browse the Collection
Stanford PACS Guide to Effective Philanthropy
The aim for this book is to simplify the components of effective philanthropy. The Guide has two major parts. Part One lays out a series of personal considerations that will help shape your philanthropic strategy. Part Two delves into the tactical practices of philanthropy to help you deploy your resources most effectively.
Browse the Collection
Trust-based Philanthropy
Whether you’re a long-time practitioner or are just considering adopting this approach, we hope these resources will help you bring trust-based principles into practice.
Browse the Collection
Participatory Grantmaking
This Content Collection features research, case studies, discussion guides, and other articles and blog posts on the practice of Participatory Grantmaking (also sometimes referred to as Community Led Grantmaking).
Browse the Collection
Multi-faceted Giving
This content collection was curated to help answer those questions and allow your philanthropic family to better accommodate diverse systems of giving.
Browse the Collection
Generations Together: Engaging Youth
This special collection was curated by our Engaging Youth Peer Network. We thank them for their leadership and sharing. Unless otherwise noted, all resources listed are intended to be able to be used directly with kids.
Browse the Collection
Expenditure Responsibility
This NCFP Content Collection includes FAQs, rules and sample policies for the process of expenditure responsibility to ensure your grants to "non-charities" are for charitable purposes.
Browse the Collection
Policy Central: Sample Policies and Practices
NCFP's Policy Central includes sample policies and practices in the areas of governance, grantmaking, family dynamics, engaging the next generation, investments, management, and staffing. New samples are added frequently, and are here when you need them!
Browse the Collection
Foundation Archives
This Content Collection features reports and articles of interest to foundations considering whether to establish archives to preserve their records, knowledge, and histories.
Browse the Collection
Strategic Philanthropy
This Content Collection features NCFP research, webinars, and additional resources to use as your foundation or family considers its overall strategy and approach to philanthropy.
Browse the Collection
Family Foundation CEO Leadership Series: For NCFP Friends
NCFP's complete series of guides for hiring, orienting, evaluating and navigating challenging changes and transitions in the careers of family foundation CEOs.
Browse the Collection
Collections
Curated by our staff to meet your needs
Browse All Collections
Get Involved
Search Knowledge Center for Resources!
By Keyword
We’re here to help you on your philanthropic journey. Contact NCFP for support!
Get Assistance
Keep up with trends in family philanthropy. Subscribe to our newsletter!
Signup
Family philanthropy improves the quality of life for all. Join our family!
Join Now
This content is available exclusively to NCFP Friends of the Family. To access it, please LOGIN or JOIN THE FAMILY.
Login
Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Forgot password
Join the family