http://www.lynnrobinson.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterGoogleLinkedinPinterestYoutube
Book Your Session:
Schedule Now ›
Privacy Policy
Lynn Robinson and Intuitive Consulting Inc. knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Please read the complete Intuitive Consulting Inc. Statement of Privacy below to learn about how Intuitive Consulting Inc. protects your personal information. By visiting Intuitive Consulting Inc. you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Type of Information Intuitive Consulting, Inc. Collects and How It’s UsedIntuitive Consulting Inc. collects and stores information that you give to us–including personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address, or telephone number. If you choose not to give us the information when it’s requested, you may not be able to access all of our services. We use the information you provide to deliver the services you request. There is also information about your computer that is automatically collected by Intuitive Consulting Inc. This information can include: your IP address, browser type and version, access times, and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to determine the most popular services, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the LynnRobinson.com Website.
Intuitive Consulting Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.Intuitive Consulting Inc. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on third party Web linked to LynnRobinson.com. You are subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. We support the protection of privacy on the Internet, but Intuitive Consulting Inc. cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. You should always read the posted privacy statement when interacting with any Website. The Intuitive Consulting Inc. website will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Intuitive Consulting Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Intuitive Consulting Inc.; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Intuitive Consulting Inc., its web site, or the public.
How Secure is Your Personal Information?Intuitive Consulting Inc. secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted through the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software which encrypts information you input and are not stored by Intuitive Consulting Inc.
Changes to this StatementIntuitive Consulting Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. When Intuitive Consulting Inc. posts changes to this Statement, you will see the word “updated” next to the Privacy Statement link on the front page of LynnRobinson.com. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Intuitive Consulting Inc. will use your personally identifiable information, Intuitive Consulting Inc. will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Intuitive Consulting Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Intuitive Consulting Inc. is protecting your information. If you choose to visit Intuitive Consulting Inc., your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Massachusetts. If you have any concern about privacy at Intuitive Consulting Inc., please send us a thorough description to Lynn@LynnRobinson.com, and we will try to resolve it.
×