http://www.dslreports.com/news/tag/legal
ThemeWelcome · log in
· joinfood
Home
Reviews
Speed Test
Tools
News
Forums
Info
About
Join
News tip?
Tags: legalSearch News:
» »» 12 ·· 5(50 Articles)  NY Court: Charter Can't Use Net Neutrality Repeal to Dodge SuitMonday Jun 25 2018 08:10 ESTEarly last year, New York state sued Charter Communications (Spectrum) for nowingly selling broadband speeds company executives knew they couldn't provide. The lawsuit alleged all manner of shady behavior by the cable giant, from admissions that it was actively gaming FCC efforts to measure speeds (via the custom-firmware embedded routers the FCC uses for said purpose), to actively causing congestion at interconnection points to drive up costs for transit and content companies. Ever since, Charter lawyers have trying to have the lawsuit dismissed, arguing, among other things, that states lack the authority to hold ISPs accountable under consumer protection law.To do that, Charter lawyers have tried to claim that states are no longer allowed to try and protect consumers in the wake of the FCC's historically-unpopular net neutrality repeal. ISP lobbyists for Charter, Verizon and Comcast successfully lobbied the FCC to include language in the repeal "pre-empting" states from their ability to hold ISPs accountable for failed promises and substandard service. And while both the FCC and ISPs have claimed they'll take legal action against any state that tries to do so, legal experts say the claim doesn't hold water. In fact, ironically, some legal scholars argue that when the FCC rolled back the Title II classification of ISPs as common carriers under the Telecom act, they actually shot their own legal authority over states in the foot.This week, the New York State courts provided Charter with another major setback in its quest to dodge accountability for advertising speeds the lawsuit states executives knew they couldn't deliver. The First Department of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division of the State of New York ruled (pdf) that no, the FCC has not legally preempted states from enforcing laws "that prevent fraud, deception and false advertising" in regards to broadband service.With the decision, the lawsuit against Charter can now proceed, despite Charter's best efforts to scuttle it."This is great news for broadband users in New York, and it bodes well for state efforts to protect broadband users generally," consumer group Public Knowledge said of the ruling. "Such efforts are especially important given the current FCC’s decision to abdicate many of its consumer protection responsibilities with respect to broadband."State authority will be a bigger issue than ever now that large ISPs like Charter have lobbied the Trump administration to dismantle a wide range of consumer protections governing everything from privacy to net neutrality.
12  Supreme Court: Warrants Needed for Cell Phone DataFriday Jun 22 2018 14:00 ESTThe Supreme Court today issued a 5-4 ruling stating that law enforcement must first seek a warrant before obtaining historical cell phone location data from cellular carriers, reversing a decade-long practice by law enforcement. The "Carpenter case" focused on a criminal by the name of Timothy Carpenter, who was busted for a string of armed robberies thanks to historical location data obtained by MetroPCS without a warrant, police claiming that because the MVNO already had his data, there could be "no reasonable expectation of privacy."The Supreme Court's ruling shot down that narrative, Chief Justice John Roberts stating that the government's warrantless access to cell-site records over a period of time "contravenes that expectation" of privacy."The fact that such information is gathered by a third party does not make it any less deserving of Fourth Amendment protection," said Roberts."Because location information is continually logged for all of the 400 million devices in the United States -- not just those belonging to persons who might happen to come under investigation -- this newfound tracking capacity runs against everyone," he added.It's worth noting that the ruling, while huge, is also a bit narrow in that it only applies to historical cell phone location data, not real-time location data tracking or so-called cell tower dumps.
Groups like the ACLU remained jubilant at the ruling, which had been highly anticipated by privacy rights organizations."This is a groundbreaking victory for Americans’ privacy rights in the digital age,” said ACLU attorney Nathan Freed Wessler, who argued the case before the court last November. "The Supreme Court has given privacy law an update that it has badly needed for many years, finally bringing it in line with the realities of modern life. The government can no longer claim that the mere act of using technology eliminates the Fourth Amendment’s protections." 33  A Total Victory for AT&T: Merger Closes, DOJ Refuses to AppealFriday Jun 15 2018 14:00 ESTAT&T has completed its $86 billion merger with Time Warner, without a single condition affixed to the deal. Consumer groups, analysts, historians and antitrust experts have long warned that AT&T will use its greater size to hamstring video competitors, whether that's by raising licensing costs on must-have content (like HBO) for its competitors, or by using the death of net neutrality to give the company's own content an unfair advantage on its wireless and fixed-line networks.Regardless, the DOJ bungled its effort to prove those potential harms and was hamstrung by flimsy U.S.story continues.... 73  Ajit Pai Rushes to Aid Sinclair Before Court Can Kill MergerFriday Jun 15 2018 08:10 ESTFCC boss Ajit Pai is rushing to approve Sinclair Broadcast Group's $4 billion acquisition of Tribune before a court ruling can scuttle the deal. Pai is already facing a corruption probe by the nonpartisan FCC Inspector General amidst allegations he coordinated the elimination of decades-old media consolidation rules simply to help Sinclair.story continues.... 48  Senators Press Ajit Pai on DDOS Attack His Agency Made UpWednesday Jun 13 2018 08:10 ESTLast week e-mails obtained by Freedom of Information Attack revealed that Ajit Pai's FCC completely made up two different DDOS attacks in an attempt to downplay public opposition to the agency's net neutrality repeal. The fake DDOS attacks stemmed from periods when the FCC's website failed both times HBO Comedian John Oliver discussed net neutrality on his popular show (here's the first and second bits).story continues.... 11  AT&T Met With Ajit Pai in Barcelona Shortly After Cohen PaymentThursday May 17 2018 08:30 ESTLast week, AT&T apologized for for its "serious misjudgment" in hiring US President Donald Trump’s personal attorney Michael Cohen to provide “insights” into how the new administration would handle issues like net neutrality and AT&T’s proposed merger with Time Warner Cable. Ultimately, the $600,000 AT&T paid Cohen for said insights became such a scandal, the company was forced to fire its top policy and lobbying man Bob Quinn, despite the fact that such behavior is arguably routine at the Dallas-based telecom giant.story continues.... 30  Senate Votes 52-47 In First Step Toward Restoring Net NeutralityWednesday May 16 2018 16:07 ESTThe Senate just voted 52-47 (you can find a roll call here) to move forward with an attempt to reverse the FCC's net neutrality repeal using the Congressional Review Act. From here the path gets harder with a looming vote in the House, where incumbent ISP lobbyists hold greater sway over politicians like Marsha Blackburn.story continues.... 97  Top AT&T Lobbying Exec Resigns, CEO: Payments 'A Mistake'Friday May 11 2018 14:07 ESTAT&T has chosen top lobbying and policy executive Bob Quinn as the fall guy in the wake of the Cohen scandal. AT&T's decision to pay $600,000 to Trump's shady NYC fixer's shell LLC for "insight" into the President quickly came back to bite the company, forcing the company to hold somebody accountable.story continues.... 61  Senators Ask DOJ Why AT&T Paid Cohen's Shady Shell Company $600kFriday May 11 2018 09:57 ESTWhy did AT&T pay a shell company owned by Donald Trump's infamous fixer $600,000? That's the question
some lawmakers are asking the DOJ in the wake of a document released by Michael Avenatti, the lawyer who is suing the President on the behalf of porn star Stormy Daniels. The document alleges that Cohen (and potentially numerous companies) may have violating banking and lobbying disclosure laws by funneling money to Cohen (and potentially Trump) via the shady LLC.story continues.... 15  Senate Will Soon Vote to Try and Save Net NeutralityWednesday May 09 2018 14:00 ESTEfforts to reverse the Trump administration's repeal of net neutrality are gaining steam. Today, Senator Ed Markey officially filed a petition that will force a vote in the Senate.story continues.... 17  AT&T Continues Its Effort to Kill FTC Authority Over ISPsTuesday May 08 2018 14:00 ESTISPs like AT&T have repeatedly tried to argue that eliminating the FCC's authority over giant broadband monopolies (net neutrality, privacy protections) is no big deal, because the FTC will rush in and save consumers. Yet with the other hand, giant ISPs continue their gambit to ensure that the FTC has no authority over ISPs whatsoever.The FTC sued AT&T back in 2014, alleging that the company routinely lied to the company's "unlimited" consumers about network throttling.story continues.... 8 » »» 12 ·· 5(50 Articles)Best of Last 7 daysTrump Makes It Official: He's Going To Pull Military Funding, Because Congress Won't Kill The Open Internet; + more newsVerizon, AT&T, T-Mobile Neck And Neck In 5G Speeds; 5G Nationalization Is Cover For Wireless Industry War; + more news Will Hulu Be Folded Into Disney+?; Ofcom See Average UK Broadband ISP Speeds Rise To 71.8Mbps; + more newsSpaceX Is Big Winner At US Rural Broadband Auction; Comcast COVID-19 Assistance Extended Through June 2021; + more newsAT&T Getting Serious About Selling DirecTV, Fielding Offers; NBCU's Peacock Pushes Past 26M Signups; + more newsBest of Last 30 daysBroadband For Everyone? Tom Wheeler On Biden's Telecom Ambitions; Dish Inks Huge Crown Castle 5G Tower Deal; + more newsAjit Pai Likely Out, Controversial Decisions Will Be Reversed; Verizon Expands, Extends MVNO Deals With Comcast, CharterBroadband Power Users See Dramatic Growth; FCC Says Digital Divide Closing, Citing 2019 Report On Broadband; + more newsSpaceX Questions Answered: Wider Beta Soon, No Data Caps; Former FCC Chair Makes Case For Nationalized 5G; + more news10 Years Of U.S. Broadband Policy Has Been A Colossal Failure; Altice USA Gives Up On Cogeco; + more news8.8% Of US Broadband Subs Used 1TB/month+ In Q3; Latency Not Major Deal For Satellite Broadband - HughesNet; + more newsHow SpaceX Starlink Broadband Will Envelop Earth, Transform Sky; Dish Facing $3.3B In Spectrum Troubles; + more newsReps Ask FCC To Stop Controversial Items During Transition; Trudeau: High-Speed Internet For All By 2026; + more newsBest of Last few monthsHeadlines to return WednesdayTMobile Overshadows Verizon, AT&T In Fixed Wireless Coverage; UK To Ban Carriers From Selling Locked Phones; + more newsRising Broadband Demands May Reshape US Telecom; 20 Million U.S. Broadband Complaints Unresolved Last Year; + more newsT-Mobile Pays FCC $200 Million For Something Naughty Sprint Did; Charter Hikes Fees For Broadband-Only Subs; + more newsFCC Approves SpaceX To Bid In Rural-Broadband Auction; Groups Ask Trump To Scrap U.S. Government 5G Network; + more newsFCC Wants Scrutiny Of Subsea Cables Linked To 'Adversaries'; Verizon Expands LTE Home Internet To 48 States; + more newsT-Mobile Expands LTE To Rural Areas Recently 'Abandoned' By AT&T Comcast Tests Symmetrical 1.25 Gbps; + more newsFCC Rejects Own Net Neutrality Arguments To Claim To Be Internet Speech Police; AT&T Sheds 627K Pay-TV Subs; + more news
News
ISP News
Got news?
Tools
Speed Test
Smokeping
Ping Test
24x7 Broadband Monitor
ISP Reviews
Review an ISP
Latest
GBU
Information
Hardware
FAQs
Community
Join
Welcome
Members
For Sale
Forums
All Forums
DSLReports
Feedback
About
Contact
FAQ
Terms of Use
Privacy
Follow
Site
Mobile mode
DSLReports.com
© DSLReports.com
Est. 1999
Friday, 11-Dec 05:16:49
Hosted byLiquid Networks