http://www.dir.ca.gov/od_pub/privacy.html
Department of Industrial Relations
Data Collection and Use Statement
Also Referred to as DIR's Privacy Policy
Effective November 30th, 2016 and Subject to Revision
Topics covered in this section:
What is the California
Department of Industrial Relations?
The Department
Collects Information
The Department’s
Policy on Data Collection and Protection (Privacy)
Learn More
Your Rights to Your Personal Information
Contact the
Department
What is the California
Department of Industrial Relations?
The Department of Industrial Relations is the umbrella
entity for the following divisions:
Apprenticeship Standards
Labor Standards Enforcement (California Labor Commissioner’s Office)
Occupational Safety and Health (CalOSHA)
Office of Self-Insurance Plans
Workers’ Compensation, including Return to Work
In addition to those divisions, there are several boards and
commissions that deal with issues related to employment and the workplace,
including the Workers’ Compensation Appeals Board (“WCAB”); the Occupational
Safety and Health Appeals Board (“OSHAB”); the Occupational Safety and Health
Standards Board (“OSHSB”); the Industrial
Welfare Commission (“IWC”); and the Commission on Health and Safety and Workers’
Compensation (“CHSWC”). Also, the department’s Office of Policy, Research and
Legislation resides within the Director’s Office.
Back to top
The Department
Collects Information
Each division within the department collects, uses and shares
different types of information in order to perform its public mandate. A
division may use personal, confidential, and/or proprietary information:
As defined by California’s
Information Practices Act or “IPA” (codified at Civil Code Section 1789 et seq.), personal information is
information maintained by an agency that describes an individual. It
includes an individual’s name, address, date of birth, Social Security
number, wages, and health information. The type of personal information
used and collected by the Department of Industrial Relations varies by
division. For example, the Division of Apprenticeship Standards collects
an individual’s name, and his or her apprenticeship certification status. Notices
posted on each division’s webpage, and on the forms used to collect
personal information provide the authority for such collection, and
indicate how the division will use the information. While the IPA requires
a public agency to maintain the confidentiality of an individual’s
personal information, it also sets forth the circumstances under which an
agency may share or disclose personal information. Those circumstances
include when the sharing is required by another law, or the disclosure is
compelled by a court order. Note that, as allowed by the IPA and
other laws, the department may share the personal information it collects about
individuals with other government agencies for general law enforcement
purposes.
Some of the information
collected and maintained as a record by the department must be made
available to the public under California’s Public Records Act or “PRA” (codified
at Government Code Section 6250 et seq.). In general, the Public
Records Act requires agencies to disclose a record unless it comes within
an exception to that requirement. For example, information collected and maintained
by the department that federal or state law designates “confidential” is exempt
from disclosure. The Public Records Act outlines categories of
confidential information, and provides a list of specific records and types
of information exempt from disclosure.
Proprietary information is
information owned by a private party. Proprietary information may describe
or identify a unique business process or method. An example of proprietary
information used by the department is the elevator design specifications required
by the Division of Occupational Safety and Health when it reviews an elevator
operating permit.
Two of the department’s
divisions, Workers’ Compensation (“DWC”) and Occupational Safety and
Health (“DOSH”), collect, use and maintain information that includes
personal health information. For example, claims administrators file
reports of injured workers with DWC, and DOSH inspectors report on
workers’ injuries when they investigate industrial accidents. DWC and DOSH
protect the confidentiality of the personal health information they
collect and use as required by laws that include the Information Practices
Act (see above) as well as provisions of California’s Government and Labor
Codes. The department and its divisions are not subject to the federal Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”).
Whether and how a division may use, share or disclose particular
information is determined by applicable laws and policies. For example,
California law prohibits the Department of Industrial Relations from selling individuals’
personal information, and United States law governs how the department may use an
individual’s tax information. Other laws require the department to either share
or disclose certain information. For example, the department must provide
information about business license applicants to California agencies that enforce
the unemployment insurance laws. Also, once a matter on which the department
has collected information becomes the subject of a public proceeding (such as
the adjudication of a workers’ compensation claim), that information typically
becomes available to the public.
Back to top
The Department’s
Policy on Data Collection and Protection (Privacy)
In addition to complying with information protection laws
and regulations, the department adheres to the following practices:
The
department does
not
collect personal information from users of its
websites. The department does not use cookies or other electronic
tools to identify users, or to track or monitor the online behavior of specific
visitors to its website. The department does utilize Google Analytics,
however, to capture information about the number of users to its website
for purposes of understanding how people use the website, determining what
pages are most and least visited, and identifying technical problems with
the website. The department does not sell or share Google Analytics’ data about
its website. Please refer to Google’s website, www.google.com, for
information about Google Analytics and Google’s practice of collecting IP
addresses (the unique address of the computer you use to visit the department’s
website). You can prevent Google
Analytics from capturing information about your use of the web,
including your use of the department’s website, by following the
instructions provided here. Last,
please note that while the department maintains a server log to track
information about website usage not gathered by Google Analytics, such
information does not include personal information as defined under
Government Code Section 11015.5 or the Information Practices Act (Civ.
Code, §1798 et seq.).
The
department does not sell or share email addresses of members of the public
who contact the department through public (electronic) mailboxes.
When public questions or comments are part of rulemaking, however, the department
is required by law to maintain records of those communications. Questions
or comments that are part of the rule-making process become part of the
public record, and may be reviewed by anyone upon request.
The
department safeguards information through employee training and discipline.
All department employees must take
privacy and data protection training upon hiring, and annually thereafter.
All employees must sign the department’s
Electronic Information/Communication Policy, which outlines their obligations
regarding use of the department’s computers and computer network.
In addition, certain employees are required
to sign confidentiality statements in order to have access to, and use
personal, confidential or proprietary information provided to the department
by another agency or entity. The department recognizes any breach of
confidentiality obligations by an employee as grounds for discipline, up
to and including termination of employment.
The
department minimizes risks to personal, confidential and proprietary
information through a combination of workplace guidelines and technology.
The department regularly reviews both guidelines and technological
resources to ensure that it is taking reasonable and appropriate measures
to provide the most protection possible for information it collects, uses,
and shares.
The
department collects the minimum amount of personal information necessary
to accomplish its mandate. The best way to protect against the
misuse, or loss of personal information is to not collect it in the first
place. The department reviews its data collection practices in an effort
to limit the personal information it collects.
Back to top
Learn More
The department encourages you to learn more about the laws
governing the use and disclosure of personal, confidential and proprietary
information. The website for the California Department of Justice’s Privacy
Enforcement and Protection Unit identifies a number of resources. http://oag.ca.gov/privacy
In the right margin of the unit’s home page,
under “Legislation and Law,” you will find a link to “California and Federal
Laws.” By clicking on that link, you will be taken to a descriptive list of
many privacy and data protection laws. California’s Information Practices Act
of 1977 and Public Records Act are two of the most significant data collection
and protection laws governing public agencies, including the department and its
divisions. Click on the following links for the text of those laws:
Information
Practices Act of 1977 – California Civil Code Section 1798 et seq.
Public
Records Act – Government Code Section 6250 et seq.
Back to top
Your Rights to
Your Personal Information
Under the Information Practices Act, you have the rights to inspect
DIR records containing your personal information; to obtain an accounting of
disclosures of your DIR record(s); and to request that the department correct
any personal information about you in a DIR record. (Civ. Code, §§ 1798.25, 1798.34,
1798.35) For more information about those rights, or to make an access,
accounting, or correction request, please write to Privacy@DIR.ca.gov, or call the department
division that maintains records containing your personal information. Telephone
numbers for each division may be found on the department’s website at www.dir.ca.gov.
Back to top
Contact the
Department
If you have questions, complaints or comments about the department’s
collection, use and protection of personal information, please contact the department
by sending an email to Privacy@DIR.ca.gov.
Back to top
November 2016
Department of Industrial Relations
Quick Links
LETF Home
Report a labor law violation
Report a workplace hazard to Cal/OSHA
File a wage claim
Know my employment rights
Know my rights as an injured worker
Get workplace postings
Find prevailing wage determinations
Also of Interest
Industrial Relations databases
Subscribe to a distribution list
Work for DIR
Do business with DIR
Other Resources
California Labor & Workforce Development Agency
Employment Development Department
U.S. Dept. of Labor