http://www.autrynationalcenter.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
The Autry is temporarily closed to visitors. Info: TheAutry.org/COVID19.
Privacy Policy
Share:
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
More
The Autry Museum of the American West adheres to the highest ethical standards in gathering, using, and safeguarding personal information submitted via this website. The Autry  does not rent, sell, or exchange e-mail information submitted via this website, and use of e-mail addresses is restricted to the Autry for marketing purposes. The Autry may contact you to provide information about Autry activities, programs, membership, development, and other opportunities, products, and special events that may interest you. We disclose only in aggregate form our statistical analyses or demographics of users to third parties, such as advertisers, potential advertisers, or persons involved in product development or manufacturing.Visitors to this site who do not wish to have their personally identifiable information collected are asked to not provide such information. If you have provided your e-mail address and wish to remove it from the Autry’s mailing lists, please click the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of any e-mail you receive or e-mail communications@theautry.org. The Autry will make reasonable efforts to delete your e-mail address from existing files.Security PolicyThe Autry makes every effort to ensure that all transactions occurring on its website will be secure. When credit card information is submitted via the Internet to the Autry’s site, it is encrypted using "Secure Socket Layer" (SSL) encryption. SSL prevents your credit card information from being seen as it travels to our site.Children and PrivacyThe Autry is concerned about protecting children’s privacy and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. Children should always ask parents for permission before providing personal information to any website or purchasing any products or services online. The Autry urges all parents to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and to teach them about protecting their personal information while online.LinkingThe Autry’s website provides links to non-Autry sites. When you click on a link to a third-party website, you leave our website and no longer will be subject to our privacy policy. The Autry is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of non-Autry sites, and such links are not intended to be an endorsement of the non-Autry website or its content.CookiesCookies are data that are stored on your computer’s internal hard drive in order for us to enhance your shopping experience. These cookies keep track of basic information about you to facilitate future purchases. If you reject cookies, you will have to re-enter this information the next time you visit our site. Autry Museum cookies will not be shared with third parties.
About Us
What Is the Autry?
History of the Autry
Leadership
Resources Center of the Autry
Employment
Press
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Become a Member
Support The Autry Campaign
Locations
The Autry Museum in Griffith Park
The Autry museum, store, and café will be temporarily closed to the public, beginning Saturday, March 14, until further notice.
Historic Southwest Museum Mt. Washington Campus
The Historic Southwest Museum Mt. Washington Campus will be temporarily closed to the public, beginning Saturday, March 14, until further notice.
Be the first to know. Subscribe to our e-mail list:
Submit
Follow the Autry:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Home
Autry Online
ExhibitionsCurrent & Upcoming Exhibitions
Special Installations
Masters Art Exhibition and Sale2020 Awards
Past Award Winners
Autry Exhibition Archives
EventsCalendarDrop-in Activities
Family Activities
Film and Television
Lectures and Workshops
Member Events
Music and Festivals
Performing Arts
Special Events
Signature ProgramsAmerican Indian Arts MarketplaceArtist Digital Directory
Full Schedule and Program
Indigenous Realities of Southern California: Filmmaking as Activism
Marketplace Live! Help and Support
Salon Conversations with Native Artists
The Big Read
Information for Artists
Contact Us
Native VoicesAbout Native Voices
Theatre Staff
Native Voices Artists Ensemble
Past Productions
Blue Star Theatre Program
Native Voices: Annual Call for Scripts 2020-2021
Artists Conversations
It's ComplicatedJohn Muir’s Legacy…Whose Land is it Anyway?
What is a Western?What is a Western? Interview Series: Desert Terror
What is a Western? Interview Series: Picturing Indians
What is a Western? Interview Series: Singing Cowboys & Cowgirls
What is a Western? Interview Series: Tropical Cowboys
Join & GiveOverview
The Curator's Circle
Support the Autry
Become a MemberMembership FAQ
Volunteer
Become a Docent
Research & CollectionsOverview
Library and Archives
The Autry Files
CollectionsCollection Spotlights
Donating to the Autry
Online Research ToolsThe American Art Collaborative Linked Open Data Consortium
NAGPRA
FellowshipsPast Research Fellows
Prizes
Scholarly Programs
EducationOverview
WebinarsAnimals of the American West
California Gold Rush
Women in the American West
Digital Tours
Educational Videos
Lessons and Fun Activities
Additional Resources
Field Trips to the MuseumField Trip Programs
Planning Your Visit
All Aboard! Bus Stipend
In-Classroom and Outreach ProgramsStudent Visual Arts Exhibition
Venue RentalsOverview
Venue SpacesGathering Circle
Heritage Court
Museum Plaza
Peggy and Lowry Mays Lobby
South Lawn
Wells Fargo Theater
Venue Rental Event Inquiry Form
Catering
Photo Shoots and Filming
Film Premieres and Screenings
Outdoor Concerts and Festivals
About UsWhat Is the Autry?
History of the Autry30th Anniversary
Leadership
Resources Center of the Autry
Employment
Press
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
More InformationPress
Employment
Staff Site
Contact Us
Buy Tickets
Press
Request for Interest: Historic Southwest Museum Campus and the Casa de Adobe
Shop
Buy Tickets
Autry Museum of the American West
4700 Western Heritage Way, Los Angeles, CA 90027-1462
Phone: 323.667.2000
© 2020 Autry Museum of the American West. All rights reserved.