http://www.retirement.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
How we're responding to COVID-19. Read More
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
By accessing or using PRS websites in any way, including without limitation, browsing the websites, using any information and/or submitting any content or personal information via the websites, you agree to and are bound by this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully prior to using this website.This Privacy Policy applies to all websites operated by Pacific Retirement Services, Inc. (“PRS”) and its subsidiaries and affiliates; communities managed by PRS Management, Inc. and PRS Management & Consulting, LLC; a Community Housing division for managing affordable housing communities; and the Community Volunteer Network (“PRS websites”).PRS is a nonprofit, tax exempt organization dedicated to creating and enhancing lifestyle opportunities for seniors by developing, building, and operating nonprofit retirement communities that offer activities, services, and programs that promote health, wellness, and vitality. PRS and its affiliated nonprofit organizations market to seniors for residency as well as to the general public for employment opportunities.Your privacy is important to PRS. For this reason, PRS provides this Privacy Policy to describe how it collects, uses, shares, and otherwise processes the personal data you share when you visit PRS websites. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected through PRS websites and not to information collected offline.This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and your continued use of PRS websites after PRS makes changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. PRS expects that you will check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. PRS’ Commitment to Children’s PrivacyPRS websites are not intended for children under thirteen (13) years of age. No one under age 13 should provide any personal information to PRS websites. PRS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13. If you are under age 13, do not use or provide any information to PRS websites, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and/or any screen name or user name you use. If PRS learns that it has collected or received personal information from a child under age 13, PRS will delete the information. To learn more about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act “COPPA”), visit the Federal Trade Commission COPPA website.Protected Health InformationPlease see PRS’ Notice of Privacy Practices for how PRS handles your Protected Health Information (“PHI”).How PRS Responds to Do Not Track SignalsCalifornia law requires PRS to inform you how PRS responds to web browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, PRS does not respond to them at this time.Information Collection and Use PRS collects several types of information from and about users of PRS websites. PRS only collects personally identifiable information (“PII”; for example, your full name, email address, mailing address, and/or telephone number) from you when you voluntarily provide this information to PRS via one of the forms available on PRS websites, such as the forms you fill out when seeking employment or residency. PRS does not otherwise collect any PII from you. If you do not want PRS to have any of your PII, do not submit it to PRS through its websites. When you do provide , PRS may store, process, and use it for the following purposes:To send you information or other material requested by you;To assist PRS in improving its products, services, or the content of its websites;To provide service and support to you;For PRS’ internal marketing and research purposes;To carry out PRS’ obligations and enforce its rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and PRS, including for billing and collection;To notify you about changes to PRS websites or the products or services PRS offers;To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it, such as for potential employment or residency;In any other way PRS describes when you provide your information;To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;If PRS believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of PRS, its customers or others; andFor any other purpose with your consent.PRS websites also collect anonymous information, including, but not limited to, your browser type and/or Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. PRS uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with PRS servers, to administer PRS websites, avoid hacking attacks on PRS servers, and may use it to gather broad demographic information. PRS may share anonymous information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers.PRS websites also use a technology called “cookies”. Cookies are small data files that download onto your computer. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet, and allows PRS to tailor your visits to PRS websites to your individual preferences. PRS may also contract with third party service providers who assign cookies to conduct site tracking for PRS. These companies use cookies solely to provide PRS with data about site traffic. You can change your web browser to prevent cookies or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie.Data SecurityPRS has implemented measures to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to PRS is stored on PRS’ secure servers or its partners’ secure servers behind firewalls. PRS implements data encryption and network security measures to protect your information. Despite these safeguards, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although PRS does its best to protect your personal information, PRS cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to PRS websites. You provide your personal information to PRS websites at your own risk. PRS is not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on PRS websites.PRS is not responsible and cannot guarantee for the privacy practices of other websites, including those websites linked from PRS websites. Once you leave a PRS website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the website you are currently browsing.Digital Advertising and AnalyticsPRS may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of PRS and others on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of PRS websites and other sites and apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.PRS adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this internet-based advertising activity. You may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at www.aboutads.info to learn more about and how to opt out of this type of advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program. If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool. Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, PRS websites may not function as intended.PRS also uses a tool call “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of PRS websites. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. PRS uses the information it gets from Google Analytics only to improve its websites. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. PRS does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with PII. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit a PRS website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to PRS websites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to PRS websites by disabling cookies in your browser.Third Party Links and ToolsPRS websites may provide links to third party websites or apps, including PRS social media pages. PRS does not control the privacy practices of those websites or apps; therefore, they are not covered by this privacy policy. You should review the privacy policies of other websites or apps that you use.PRS websites may also contain integrated social medial tools or “plug-ins”, such as social networking tools offered by third parties. If you use these tools to share personal information or otherwise interact with these features on PRS websites, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public. Your interactions with third party companies and your use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies. PRS encourages you to thoroughly read the privacy policies of any accounts you create and use.RetentionPRS processes and stores your personal data only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage, or as permitted by law. The criteria used to determine the period of storage of PII is the respective statutory retention period.  After expiration of this period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract.Consent and JurisdictionThe corporate offices of PRS are located in Medford, Oregon. All matters relating to PRS websites and this Privacy Policy and any related dispute or claim arising therefrom shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provisions or rules.Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use and/or PRS websites shall be instituted exclusively in the United States District Court for the District of Oregon located in Medford, Oregon or the courts of the State of Oregon located in and for Jackson County, Oregon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PRS retains the right to bring any suit, action, or proceeding against you for breach of this Privacy Policy in your country of residence or any other country with jurisdiction. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.Limitation on Time to File ClaimsANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.Special Notice to California ResidentsCalifornia Civil Code permits users of PRS websites that are California residents to request specific information regarding PRS’ disclosure of PII to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to prsmedia@retirement.org or write to PRS at: Pacific Retirement Services, Inc., One West Main St., Suite 303, Medford, OR 97501, attn: PRS Media Services.Opt OutPRS supports your right to choose. If you decide you do not want to receive communications from PRS, please send an email stating this to: prsmedia@retirement.org.Updating Your InformationYou may request to review, change, or update your contact information by emailing PRS at prsmedia@retirement.org.Contact Us PRS websites are operated by Pacific Retirement Services, Inc., One West Main Street, Suite 303, Medford, OR 97501. Comments, feedback, and/or concerns related to PRS websites may be directed to: prsmedia@retirement.org.
1 West Main St., Ste. 303 Medford, OR 97501
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
prs@retirement.org
888-724-6424