http://www.jerichoterrace.com/privacy-policy
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Wedding Wire
Linked In
Home
Weddings + Events
Weddings
Special Events
Corporate Events
Planning Services
FAQ
Vendors
Testimonials
Explore
Ballrooms
Cocktail Rooms
Gardens
Photo Opportunities
Cuisine
Catering To-Go
Contact
Build Your Event
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Wedding Wire
Linked In
Privacy Policy
1.
Introduction
1.1
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors and users of Jericho Terrace
and www.jerichoterrace.com
1.2
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website
visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3
We use cookies on our website. Whenever the cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of
www.jerichoterrace.com, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4
Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using
the privacy controls, you can limit the publication of your information. You can access the privacy
controls by contacting the site administrator.
1.5
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Jericho Terrace. For more information about us, see Section 11.
2.
How we use your personal data
2.1
In this Section 2 we have set out:
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
2.2
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include
your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit,
page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service
use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the improvement of our
services and for marketing purposes. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate business interests,
namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3
We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address.
The source of the account data is whatever identifying information you provide to us. The account data may be
processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our
website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for
this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.
Providing your personal data to others
3.1
We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our
ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes,
and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.
Retaining and deleting personal data
4.1
This Section 4 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that
we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
4.2
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
4.3
We will retain your personal data as follows:
Your browsing data will be encrypted and retained for a minimum period of 365 days following your last
visit to this website for the purposes of Google Analytics and content marketing.
5.
Amendments
5.1
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
5.2
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.
Your rights
6.1
In this Section 6, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the
rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you
should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of
these rights.
6.2
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.
7.
About cookies
7.1
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server
to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time
the browser requests a page from the server.
7.2
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a
web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry
date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
7.3
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information
that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
8.
Cookies that we use
8.1
We use cookies for the following purposes:
authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website
security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including
preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally
analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services and
cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
9.
Cookies used by our service providers
9.1
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
9.2
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by
means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our
website. Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
10.
Managing cookies
10.1
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary
from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date
information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
10.2
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
10.3
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
11.
Our details
11.1
This website is owned and operated by Jericho Terrace.
11.2
You can contact us by email at: info@jerichoterrace.com
11.3
Our mailing address is:
249 Jericho Turnpike
Mineola, NY 11501
11.4
Our contact form can be found: http://www.jerichoterrace.com
(516) 742-5251
249 Jericho TurnpikeMineola, NY 11501
Build Your Event
Weddings + Events
Explore
Cuisine
Build Your Event