http://www.searchforancestors.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement for Ancestor Search
Ancestor Search
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
Ancestor Search
This Web site does not have pop-ups
This Web site does not have pop-up advertisements. If you are receiving pop-up ads when you visit this site, the ads are probably coming from spyware that was downloaded and installed on your computer without your permission from another site. To delete this unwanted spyware from your computer, download the FREE spyware remover from Microsoft. Microsoft Anti-Spyware
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
Ancestor Search
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
Some of the advertisements may contain cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs, deliver viruses to your computer, or deliver e-mail spam. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies received with banner ads may be collected by the ad company to record the number of times an advertisement was shown.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Ancestor Search
Home  >
Privacy Policy
It's Easy to Start your Family Tree
Build your family tree
online for FREE!
Ancestry.com
will use what you enter to find more about your family's ancestors.
Free Ancestry Databases
Free Ancestry.com databases listed by location and popularity.
New to Genealogy?
Get started here.
AncestryDNA®
Take a DNA test and find out where you really came from.
Site Features
Genealogy Records Search
Search for your ancestors by record type.
Search by Location
Search for your ancestors by country.
Free Genealogy
Free genealogy resources: charts, lessons, software, databases, look ups, relationship charts, form letters, translation services.
Ancestry.com Coupons & Deals
Special offers, coupons, coupon codes, discounts, free trials, sales & deals
Mormon Genealogy
Find your family in the free online databases of digitized original world-wide records.