http://www.easyweddings.com.au/business/legal/
Toggle Navigation
Services
Advertising
Web Design
Education
Link to Easy Weddings
Events
About
Our Story
Our Team
Careers
Payment
Legal
Contact Us
Contact
Sign In
Legal
EASY WEDDINGS PTY LTD ADVERTISING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ABN: 41 122 297 858
1. These Terms and Conditions
a. Easy Weddings Pty Ltd ACN 122 297 858 (Easy Weddings, we or us) owns and operates the websites and content located at http://www.easyweddings.com.au http://www.weddingpages.com.au and http://www.weddingvenues.com.au (collectively, the Website).
b. These terms and conditions, as amended from time to time (Terms and Conditions), apply to the publication by Easy Weddings of any advertising material supplied for a directory listing (Directory Listing) submitted by any person or entity (Supplier, you or your) for publication on the Website and for various tablet and smartphone applications for each Website.
c. By Approving your advertisement on Easy Weddings and completing / providing appropriate payment authority, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
e. You are entitled to a 7 day "cooling off" period commencing on the date on which your Directory Listing is uploaded to the Website during which time you may change your mind about advertising on the Website. You must notify us in writing within this period if you no longer wish to advertise your goods or services on the Website.
f. These Terms and Conditions may change at any time after the Initial Term. We will make every effort to inform you when these Terms and Conditions are updated or change. Please read these Terms and Conditions regularly. The Terms and Conditions are located at: http://www.easyweddings.com.au/business/legal/
2. Payment and Term
a. The advertising fees payable to Easy Weddings pursuant to these Terms and Conditions are the quoted rates advised to you. We reserve the right to increase our fees and we will notify you of any fee increases. Advertising Fees are inclusive of GST.
b. You agree to place a Directory Listing with Easy Weddings on the Website for a 12 month period (Initial Term), regardless of payment terms extended. By committing to Easy Weddings directory advertising you commit to the full 12 months advertising fees.
c. Easy Weddings will provide you with a tax invoice for the advertising fees plus applicable GST when an advertising package is agreed upon. You must pay the first payments (subject to payment term agreed) before your advertising goes online. If more than one payment is required during the initial term, all future payments must be secured with a valid credit card or direct debit.
d. If you are eligible for a monthly payment term you will be put onto a "Perpetual" contract. After the Initial Term, your agreement with us will continue on as a month by month agreement.
e. If your account is overdue we have the right to take your ad offline until we have received all outstanding moneys.
f. if you commit an act of bankruptcy, become insolvent, have a receiver or administrator or liquidator or manager appointed over you or any of your assets or if you resolve to wind up your company, then Easy Weddings may (in its absolute discretion):
take proceedings against you to recover any overdue amount;
recover from you all costs in relation to any action taken against you by Easy Weddings to recover overdue amounts, including without limitation, debt
collection costs and legal costs on a full indemnity basis; and/or
exercise any other rights available to Easy Weddings at law.
3. Termination by Easy Weddings
a. Easy Weddings may terminate your Directory Listing and remove your Directory Listing from the Website at any time during the Initial Term and for any reason. Easy Weddings is not obliged to provide you with reasons for terminating your Directory Listing.
b. If Easy Weddings terminates your Directory Listing during the Initial Term and you have paid the advertising fees upfront and are otherwise not in breach of these Terms and Conditions, Easy Weddings will refund you a pro rata portion of the advertising fees applicable to the unused part of the Initial Term.
c. If Easy Weddings terminates your Directory Listing either during or after the Initial Term, and you pay the advertising fees by direct debit, Easy Weddings will cancel your direct debit arrangements provided you are up to date with payment of all advertising fees. If there are any amounts owing to Easy Weddings at the date of termination, you authorise Easy Weddings to direct debit all overdue amounts from your nominated account.
d. If Easy Weddings removes your Directory Listing from the Website during the Initial Term pursuant to clause 5.f of these Terms and Conditions, you agree that you will not be entitled to a refund of any amounts paid in respect of the Directory Listing during the Initial Term.
4. Termination by the Supplier
a. If you cancel your Directory Listing with Easy Weddings during the Initial Term and you have paid the advertising fees upfront, you will not be entitled to a refund of any amounts paid in respect of the Directory Listing during the Initial Term. This also relates to future annual subscriptions..
b. If you cancel your Directory Listing with Easy Weddings during the Initial Term, the advertising fees payable by you for the unused part of the Initial Term will become immediately due and payable. This also relates to future annual subscriptions.
c. After the expiry of the Initial Term, if you are on a "Perpetual" contract you may withdraw your Directory Listing at any time by following our cancellation process, which includes speaking with a team member, verifying your identity and completing a cancellation form. 30 days after the receipt of your completed form, your Easy Weddings Directory Listing will be removed from the Website and any payments due during this 30-day period will remain due for payment.
5. Acceptance of material
a. Easy Weddings is under no obligation to accept a Directory Listing (or any part of a Directory Listing) for publication on the Website and is under no obligation to provide reasons for such refusal.
b. Easy Weddings reserves the right at any time, at its sole discretion, to:
reject or cancel all or part of a Directory Listing; or
remove all or part of a Directory Listing from the Website.
c. In addition, Easy Weddings shall have the absolute right, without providing any reason, to reject any URL link embodied within the Directory Listing.
d. Images supplied to Easy Weddings for publication on the Website may be published on different pages within the Website, to be determined in Easy Weddings' sole discretion. By submitting images to Easy Weddings, you agree that Easy Weddings may use your images anywhere within the Website.
e. You agree that Easy Weddings may source images for your Directory Listing directly from your website, if the images supplied by you are not suitable and you warrant that Easy Weddings is entitled to do so without infringing any intellectual property rights. Such material will be deemed to be submitted or supplied by you for the purpose of these Terms and Conditions.
f. If Easy Weddings receives complaints from visitors to the Website in relation to a Supplier or a Directory Listing, Easy Weddings may without notice to the Supplier remove the relevant Supplier's Directory Listing (or the offending part) from the Website immediately and if this occurs during the Initial Term and you have paid your advertising fees upfront, you agree that you will not be entitled to a refund of any amounts paid in respect of the Directory Listing during the Initial Term.
g. Easy Weddings reserves the right to amend, move or reposition your Directory Listing or change the Website at any time. Easy Weddings will use its reasonable endeavours to give you advance notice of any material changes that it makes to the Website.
h. You agree that you must pay all advertising fees even where:
your Directory Listing (or part of it) is not published due to a breach of these Terms and Conditions by you;
your Directory Listing (or any part of it) is not published due to your failure to provide sufficient artwork or instructions;
the format or placement of the Directory Listing has been varied by Easy Weddings; or
you believe your Directory Listing has not resulted in the number of enquiries you expected to receive as a result of the Directory Listing on the Website.
6. Intellectual property
a. Easy Weddings owns all intellectual property rights in the Website and the Directory Listing, including information, graphics, design and software, except where the Supplier has provided its own intellectual property (including but not limited to text, graphics and pictures in whatever form) for display on the Website.
b. You must obtain the permission from the owner of any intellectual property in any third party material incorporated into a Directory Listing prior to submission of the Directory Listing.
c. You grant Easy Weddings a world-wide, royalty free, irrevocable licence to publish, and to sub-licence the publication of, all material submitted to Easy Weddings as part of the Directory Listing in any form or medium, including print, online or otherwise. You warrant that you are authorised to grant the licence in this clause 6b.
7. Easy Weddings information
You agree that information and bride details provided to you by Easy Weddings must be kept confidential and must not be published or distributed to others.
8. Privacy and personal information
Suppliers must comply with their own privacy policies and with all applicable privacy laws in the collection and use of individuals' personal information collected as a result of an enquiry made to a Supplier through the Website.
9. Warranties and liability
a. You warrant that all material submitted by you for publication on the Website will not:
contravene any relevant laws, including, without limitation, the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), any state-based Fair Trading Act, the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), or any regulations made under those Acts (including relevant industry regulations, standards of practice or codes of conduct), any equivalent legislation in New Zealand or any common law in Australia and New Zealand;
breach or infringe the intellectual property rights of any person;
be obscene, offensive, defamatory, or in any way unsuitable for people under the age of eighteen (18) years;
contain a photograph or representation of a living person unless that person has consented;
comprise anything that can be used for any purpose or activity of an illegal, fraudulent or defamatory nature;
be misleading or deceptive or likely to mislead or deceive;
if you are promoting a competition or trade promotion, breach the relevant provisions of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) or other Federal or State legislation relation to competitions or trade promotions, or any equivalent legislation in New Zealand, and you further warrant that you have obtained all relevant permits; or
comprise anything which may adversely reflect on Easy Weddings or the Website.
b. Subject to clause 9e, Easy Weddings will be under no liability to you in respect of any loss or damage which may be suffered or incurred or which may arise directly or indirectly in respect of:
goods or services supplied pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;
any failure or omission on the part of Easy Weddings to comply with its obligations under these Terms and Conditions;
any negligent act or omission of Easy Weddings;
the provision by the Supplier to Easy Weddings of incorrect contact details which results in Easy Weddings being unable to forward enquiries received from visitors to the Website to the relevant supplier; or
any web traffic pop-ups which appear on the Website.
c. Easy Weddings expressly excludes all liability for special, indirect or consequential loss or damage, including without limitation, loss of profits, loss of revenue, loss of income, loss of use, loss of business opportunity, loss of production, loss of anticipated savings, pure economic loss, loss of or damage to reputation or goodwill, or loss or damage associated with the interruption of the Supplier's business, howsoever caused.
d. Easy Weddings makes no representation or warranty in relation to the number of visitors to the Website except for those representations made expressly in writing by Easy Weddings to the Supplier in relation to actual prior Website visits. Easy Weddings makes no warranty or representation in relation to future visitor numbers to the Website and any projections provided by Easy Weddings are estimates only. Easy Weddings does not warrant or represent that:
the Website will be accessible at all times,
the Website is free from viruses; or
any information (including hyperlinks) contained on the Website is accurate or suitable.
e. To the extent that any warranties or guarantees implied by law are not capable of being excluded or modified, the total liability of Easy Weddings, its employees, servants and agents for breach of such warranties or guarantees is limited to one or the other of the following at the option of Easy Weddings:
if the breach relates to goods:
the replacement of the goods supplied or the supply of equivalent goods; or
the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods;
if the breach relates to services:
the supplying of the services again; or
the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
10. Indemnity
The Supplier releases, indemnifies and will keep indemnified Easy Weddings, its employees, servants and agents against all actions, claims and demands (including the cost of defending or settling any actions, claims and demands) which may be instituted against Easy Weddings arising out of:
a breach of these Terms and Conditions by the Supplier;
a breach of warranty contained in clause 9a;
any wilful, unlawful or negligent act or omission of the Supplier;
the publication by Easy Weddings or any other person of any material supplied by the Supplier; and
breach by the Supplier of any laws or legal obligations, including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010, any state-based Fair Trading legislation and any equivalent legislation in New Zealand.
11. Consumer reviews
a. Easy Weddings maintains a review system on the Website that allows consumers who use the Website to rate and/or review Suppliers' online stores, products, goods and services and customer service.
b. The Supplier agrees that:
Easy Weddings will at all times maintain editorial control over the reviews posted on the Website in respect of Supplier;
the Supplier will not direct Easy Weddings to delete or amend any review about a Supplier or a Supplier's goods or services;
the Supplier will not post its own reviews about the Supplier's own goods or services on the Website; and
Easy Weddings is not responsible or liable to the Supplier or any third party for any loss or damage caused by such reviews.
12. General
a. These Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia and the parties irrevocably submit to the courts of or in that State (including the Federal Courts) and the courts that hear appeals from those courts.
b. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unenforceable for any reason, then that provision shall be deemed deleted from these Terms and Conditions and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
c. The Supplier may not transfer or assign these Terms and Conditions without the prior written consent of Easy Weddings, which consent may be withheld at the absolute discretion of Easy Weddings and if granted, may be granted on such terms and conditions as Easy Weddings deems fit.
d. Any notice required to be given under these Terms and Conditions must be in writing and given by post, facsimile, email or hand to Easy Weddings or the Supplier at the contact details notified by one party to the other.
e. No waiver by Easy Weddings of any breach of these Terms and Conditions operates as a waiver of any other breach, and the doing and/or omission of any act, matter or thing whatsoever by Easy Weddings, its employees or agents (which but for this clause ought or might amount to a waiver of Easy Weddings' rights in respect of any such breach or default) does not operate as a waiver in any way of Easy Weddings' rights and powers in respect of such breach or default.
f. Neither party is liable for any delay or failure to perform its obligations (other than obligations to pay money) if such delay or failure is due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the parties which results in a party being unable to observe or perform on time an obligation under these Terms and Conditions, including, without limitation, acts of God, acts of government, war or other hostility, terrorism, national or international disaster, fire, explosion, power failure, equipment failure or strike or lockout.
g. These Terms and Conditions and any warranties implied by law which are not capable of being excluded or modified embody the whole agreement between the parties.
Legal PPL
Venues Legal
A note from Easy Weddings:
We pride ourselves on being EASY to do business with and we assure you of the best levels customer service reasonably possible. If you have any queries regarding our advertising services or our Terms and Conditions, please contact us. We look forward to working with you.
Contact the Easy Weddings team
E: service@easyweddings.com.au | T: 1800 155 122
4.7
Enquire
Our Services
Advertising
Web Design
Events
Evolve
Industry Education
More about Easy Weddings
Our Story
Our Team
Careers
Press & Media
Link to Easy Weddings
Payments
Legal
Return to the Directory
Copyright © 2000-2020 Easy Weddings Pty Ltd.
| Australia's No. 1 Wedding Destination | Site Map
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
User Agreement, Privacy and Cookies policy | Legal.