http://www.fisherwinner.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Keeping customer information private is a priority for Nusinov Smith LLP. To enable us to provide you with relevant information, we need to collect certain information from you. However, we want to emphasize that we are committed to maintaining the privacy of this information.
Information We Collect
We collect non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms (such as your name, address, address, email address, and phone number).
Cookies
Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; driver’s license number; or credit card, bank account or other financial information). If you do you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission.
Information We Share
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers or former customers to any non-affiliated entity except as described below and otherwise required by law. We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to provider companies that assist us in the servicing or administration of the service you have requested or authorized. When information is shared with companies that perform services on our behalf, we protect against the subsequent disclosure of that information. In no event do we disclose your personal information to companies that will use that information to contact you about their own products or services.
We may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation, or in good faith to:
(a) comply with legal process served on us or
(b) protect our rights and property
Use of Web Server Logs and Cookies
When you visit our website, we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs, which are records of the activities on our sites. The servers automatically capture and save the information electronically. Examples of the information we may collect include: your unique Internet protocol address; the name of your unique Internet service provider; the town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website; the kind of browser or computer you use; the number of links you click within the site; the date and time of your visit; the web page from which you arrived to our site; the pages you viewed on the site; and certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s). The information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use and improve the user’s experience.
In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, our websites and applications may use cookies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so you won’t have to re-enter them each time you visit. The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you don’t accept cookies.
Our Security Procedures
We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those persons who need such information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable regulations to guard your non-public personal information. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Nusinov Smith LLP reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise, change, or modify this Privacy Policy at time. We will incorporate all material changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will provide advance notice to you. Such notice may be given in any manner we choose that complies with law, including, but not limited to posting a notice of such changes on the Web Sites. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the most recent version of this Privacy Policy. Any use by a User of the Web Sites following notice of such changes shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by that User of those changes to the Privacy Policy.