http://www.humanesocietyofcharlotte.org/about/privacy-policy/
Donate
Loving Homes
Forever Families
Health & Wellness
Lifelong Learning
Privacy Policy
We are a community resource committed to improving the lives of companion animals through adoption, spay/neuter and education. Privacy and personal information security is very important to us and the Humane Society of Charlotte fully respects the privacy of our adopters, donors and volunteers.
Privacy Policy
This is the website of the Humane Society of Charlotte: humanesocietyofcharlotte.org
Our postal address is
2700 Toomey Avenue
Charlotte, NC  28203
Our email is:  info@humanecharlotte.org
Our telephone number is: 704.377.0534
General Policy
The Humane Society of Charlotte knows how important your privacy is to you. Through this website, we may collect the email addresses and phone numbers of those who communicate with us via email, as well as other information volunteered by the site visitor.
We will use your contact information only to provide the information requested, and to correspond with you via mail, phone, social media and/or email if you are interested. If you provide other information, we may use it to improve the content of our web pages or for general marketing purposes, but we do not share it with other organizations or marketers for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new services, fundraising campaigns or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive mail, phone calls and/or emails from us, please indicate your preferences on the website Contact Us page and submit, or you may contact us at the above address or telephone number.
The Humane Society of Charlotte takes precautions to keep the user information disclosed to us secure. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of information, all personal data is transmitted via a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and access to personal data is restricted via a username and password authentication process. Only authorized Humane Society of Charlotte employees are permitted to access personally identifiable information, and the authorized individuals may do so only for specific work-related purposes. The Humane Society of Charlotte strives to protect your personal information; however, we urge you to take every precaution when you are on the internet. To better protect your information, be sure to change your passwords often and use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers, and special characters.
We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, replying to an email or coordinating a corporate donation) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We may use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with any legal process served on us.
Cookies
This website uses “cookies.” These are small text files with a unique identification number transferred from a website to a user’s hard drive, so the website administrator can track the user’s activities on the site. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address. The anonymous information gained from the cookies are primarily used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic and geographic information for aggregate use. No personally identifiable data collected is shared with third parties. Cookies associated with a particular website may only be accessed by that website.
This website may also use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive specific types of information and use that information to provide targeted ads to advertise on third party websites (including Google, Bing and Facebook) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, a site in the Google Display Network, or social media networks. The information may also be used for frequency capping purposes (such as ensuring we do not display the same information to you repeatedly) and to help us regulate the information you receive and measure their effectiveness.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page. You may also use the Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI) Opt-Out Tool at networkadvertising.org/choices. This allows you to opt out from the use of information about your online activities for online behavioral advertising by NAI member companies.
The Humane Society of Charlotte does not trade, sell or employ telemarketing services; however as an additional resource you may wish to register your phone number with the Federal Trade Commission’s National Do Not Call Registry which provides consumers the choice of whether to receive telemarketing calls at home. Please visit https://telemarketing.donotcall.gov/ to access the Do Not Call Registry.
Donation Policy
Donors/supporters are not required to provide any personal information to us unless they choose to do so. We ask for personal information on our online donation pages to enable donation transaction processing, acknowledge receipt of donations for tax purposes and send future correspondence. The Humane Society of Charlotte does not rent, lease, or sell donor information to any outside agencies.
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Service Policy
If you utilize our adoption or spay/neuter services, your name and address will be placed on our mailing list. We may use this information collected to circulate news about the Humane Society of Charlotte and its programs to promote events and to acquire new supporters. Your information may also be shared with other reputable companies that are shelter partners that may want to contact you with offers. If you do not wish to receive physical mail from us or have your name shared with third parties, you may contact us with the information provided above.
Gift Acceptance Policy
For information about our gift acceptance policy, please email dstucker@humanecharlotte.org.
Refund Policy
All sales are final.
Social Media Policy
The Humane Society of Charlotte operates and maintains its social media sites as a public service to provide information about our programs, services, projects, issues, events and activities. We welcome participation on the Humane Society of Charlotte’s various social media pages, and we hope you will participate in our online community.  We reserve the right to remove postings or comments that we believe are inappropriate for whatever reason including: Offensive or inappropriate in nature, misleading or irrelevant information, bullying and personal attacks, support of individuals or organizations which promote animal cruelty, promotion of violent or illegal activities, and spam or commercial sales.  Continued violation of our policies will result users being removed or banned.
If you have questions regarding our social media platforms, contact us.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
We do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our site, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If you become aware that your child under the age of 13 years old has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us by following the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Links to Other Sites
Our site may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These other websites may operate independently from the Humane Society of Charlotte. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by the Humane Society of Charlotte, we are not responsible for the sites’ content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites.
User Agreement
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.If you feel this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number, or contact your state or local chapter of the Better Business Bureau.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. the Humane Society of Charlotte reserves the right to change this User Agreement at any time without notice.
Last Updated: May 25, 2018
Get Involved
Learn more about the different volunteer opportunities available.
Make a Gift Today
We rely on support from organizations and individuals like you.
Want More Info?
Email*
Please provide more information about you, so we can send you the most relevant content!Email Address
Name
First
Last
I'm interested in learning more about:AdoptionSpay & NeuterCritter CareGeneral Information
Open