http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/05.2004.html
<!--[if supportFields]> SEQ CHAPTER \h \r 1LESBIAN/GAY
LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 May 2004
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard,
New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013,
212-431-2156, fax 431-1804;
e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Fred Bernstein,
Esq., New York City; Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York
City; Joshua Feldman, Student,
NY Law School '05; Joseph Griffin, Student, NY Law School
'05; Alan J. Jacobs, Esq., New
York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V.
Lamb, Esq., New York City; Mark
Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., New York,
N.Y.; Daniel R Schaffer, New
York City; Audrey E.Weinberger, Student, NY Law School '05; Robert Wintemute,
Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer,
LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-
9118; e-mail:
le_gal@earthlink.net.  Inquire for
subscription rates.
(C) 2004 by the Lesbian &
Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
MAINE HIGH COURT HOLDS DE FACTO
LESBIAN PARENT CAN SEEK CUSTODY
The Maine Supreme Judicial Court
has ruled that a de facto parent may be awarded parental rights and
responsibilities even in the absence of any showing that the biological parent
of the child is unfit. _C.E.W. v. D.E.W._, 2004 WL 744590 (April 6, 2004).  While reserving the issue of who qualifies
as a “de facto parent” for another day, the court has made clear that nothing
in Maine law precludes a court from awarding a de facto parent full parental
rights.
C.E.W. and D.E.W. started living
together in 1992 and agreed that D.E.W. would conceive a child through donor
insemination.  In anticipation of the
child’s birth, the women changed their names, taking the E from C.E.W.’s family
name and the W from D.E.W.’s family name.
Soon after the child’s birth, C.E.W. and D.E.W. signed a parenting
agreement detailing their intentions to maintain equal rights and
responsibilities for the child.
In February 1999, the couple
separated when D.E.W. moved out, leaving the child with C.E.W. in the family
home.  Following the separation, the
women signed a second parenting agreement that (1) provided that each parent
would share equally all childcare and educational decisions and expenses; (2)
allocated responsibility for the child’s health insurance, dental insurance,
and uninsured health care expenses; and (3) set forth a parent-child contact
schedule for vacations, holidays, and special events.  They also agreed to work together to maintain “a close, loving
and healthy relationship” with their son, but acknowledged that the issues of
primary residence and visitation would be determined by the court.
In November 2000, C.E.W. filed a
complaint in the Superior Court containing two counts. Invoking the court’s
equitable jurisdiction, C.E.W. first sought a judicial declaration of her
parental rights and responsibilities.
Second, she sought to equitably estop D.E.W. from denying C.E.W.’s
status and obligations as a parent.
D.E.W. filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, claiming that she was
willing to permit C.E.W. to visit the child but opposed any award of parental
rights and responsibilities to C.E.W..
Specifically, D.E.W. claimed that the court could not award C.E.W.
parental rights absent a showing that D.E.W., as the biological parent, had
placed the child in jeopardy or would do so in the future.  The district court denied the motion.
Soon thereafter, C.E.W. filed a
motion for summary judgment.  As part of
the joint stipulation of facts, the parties agreed that C.E.W. had functioned
as the child’s de facto parent throughout his life.  Based in part on this stipulation, the court ruled for C.E.W. on
both counts in the complaint.
Specifically, the court declared C.E.W. eligible to be considered for
the award of parental rights and responsibilities and ruled that D.E.W. was
equitably estopped from denying C.E.W.’s status as “parent,” with all of the
rights and responsibilities of a parent under the laws of the State of Maine.
The Maine SJC affirmed the lower
court’s grant of summary judgment on count one of the complaint, which was the
only claim raised by D.E.W. in her appeal.
In a footnote, however, the court pointed out, without resolving, the
question of whether an order estopping D.E.W. from challenging C.E.W.’s status
as a parent would amount to an unconstitutional prior restraint.
In her pleadings to the Maine
court, D.E.W. asserted that an individual who is not related to a child by
biology or through adoption can never be eligible for an award of parental
rights when there is a legal parent who wishes to exercise her parental rights
and her doing so will not place the child in jeopardy.  In the alternative, D.E.W. claimed that,
even if a court could consider an award of parental rights and responsibilities
in such circumstances, the award must be limited to “reasonable rights of
contact” between the de facto parent and the child, and may not include any
broader award of parental rights.
The court began its analysis by
noting that it has “recognized de facto parental rights or similar concepts in addressing
rights of third persons who have played an unusual and significant parent-link
role in a child’s life in several opinions over the last sixty years.”  The court next emphasized that C.E.W.’s
status as de facto parent was never contested.
Therefore, the court determined that the lower court was authorized to
award C.E.W. parental rights and responsibilities based on its determination
that such an award was in the “best interests of the child,” the legal standard
applied in custody cases.
Noting that the Legislature
intended for the courts to apply equitable principles when adjudicating custody
disputes, the court found nothing in Maine law that prevented the lower court
from awarding parental rights to a party whose status as a de facto parent was
not contested.  The court emphasized
that its opinion did not address “the separate and more fundamental question of
by what standard the determination of de facto parenthood should be made.”  Reserving the issue for another day, the
court did not address “the threshold question of the standard for determining
de facto parenthood.”  The court noted,
however, that however the term is ultimately defined by the legislature or the
courts, “it must surely be limited to those adults who have fully and completely
undertaken a permanent, unequivocal, committed and responsible parental role in
the child’s life.”
The opinion of the court was
written by Justice Jon D. Levy, who has served on the Maine SJC since
2002.  From 1996 to 2002, Justice Levy
served as the chairperson of the Maine Family Law Advisory Committee.
In a concurring opinion joined
by Justice Paul L. Rudman, Justice Robert W. Clifford noted that the court
often invoked its equity jurisdiction in the area of child custody when there
was virtually no statutory law governing the matter.  In recent years, however, family law in Maine has become
increasingly governed by statute.  Due
to this significant change, Justice Clifford reasoned, the court should be
“cautious [not only] about when a court should invoke its equity jurisdiction
over parent-child relationships, [but] the extent of that power should be
closely reviewed as well.”  In
particular, he insisted that not all people who could qualify as de facto parents
should necessarily be awarded full parental rights and responsibilities.  In the case before it, however, the award of
parental rights was appropriate because C.E.W. had fully accepted
responsibilities for the child and the child considers her to be his
mother.
Patricia A. Peard of Bernstein,
Shur, Sawyer & Nelson in Portland represented C.E.W., with the assistance
of Mary Bonauto of the Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders. _Sharon
McGowan_
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Oregon Court Issues Speedy
Ruling in Same-Sex Marriage Case; Prefers Vermont Solution
Ruling just days after hearing
arguments and receiving briefs, Multnomah County, Oregon, Circuit Judge Frank
L. Bearden issued a decision on April 20 finding that Oregon’s marriage statute
violates the equal benefits provision of the state constitution by depriving
same-sex couples of the same benefits of marriage that are afforded to
opposite-sex couples. _Li and Multnomah County v. State of Oregon_, No.
0403-03057 (Oregon Circuit Ct., Multnomah County [4th Dist.]).  However, Bearden found that the Oregon
constitutional provision, Article I, Section 20, was more like the equal
benefits provision of the Vermont constitution than that of the Massachusetts
constitution, and thus embraced the Vermont Supreme Court’s approach to the
issue in _Baker v. State of Vermont_, 744 A.2d 864 (1999), leaving it to the
legislature to decide whether to respond by opening up marriage to same-sex
couples or by creating a parallel status of civil unions carrying all the
state-law benefits of marriage.
In the same ruling, Bearden
found that the state’s refusal to accept for filing the marriage certificates
based on licenses that have been issued in Multnomah County since early March
was a direct violation of the state’s registration law, so he ordered the state
health department to accept those certificates for filing.
On the other hand, Bearden
ordered Multnomah County to stop issuing new same-sex marriage licenses.  Multnomah County had been the only
jurisdiction in the United States still issuing such licenses as of the date of
the decision.  Bearden opined that it
would be best at this point for the county to desist while the legislature
takes up the question of how to meet the constitutional equality requirements
identified by the court.  Realizing that
his opinion will be promptly appealed and that it is merely the first stop to
the state Supreme Court, Bearden ruled that the county could resume issuing
licenses if the legislature did not take action “within ninety days of the
commencement of the next legislative session or special session, whichever
occurs first,” fully expecting, of course, that the state would immediately
seek a stay so that this issue will not dominate a special session of the
legislature that had previously been scheduled for this June to consider
various tax measures.
Bearden’s decision turned on a
close reading of the constitutional equality provision, which states, “No law
shall be passed granting to any citizen or class of citizens privileges or
immunities, which, upon the same terms, shall not equally belong to all
citizens.”  After noting that the
plaintiffs had identified more than 500 rights or privileges under Oregon law
that depend upon marital status, Bearden stated that “the issue that defines
this case is the denial of the benefits (‘privileges’) and legal protections of
marriage to same-sex couples.”  The
constitutional flaw in the statute, whether seen as discriminating based on sex
or sexual orientation, was the deprivation of benefits.
Bearden concluded with some
confidence that the Oregon appellate courts would find that this deprivation
was a constitutional violation.  He was
helped in this regard by a prior decision of the Oregon Court of Appeals,
_Tanner v. Oregon Health Sciences University_, 157 Or. App. 502 (1998), in which
the court ruled that denial of domestic partnership benefits to a public
employee violated the state constitution’s equality requirements.  In that case, the court had determined that
sexual orientation discrimination is constitutionally suspect in Oregon,
although the soundness of its reasoning has been questioned, and the failure of
the state to appeal that ruling meant that the Oregon Supreme Court has yet to
address the question and produce a definitive state law precedent.  (Instead of appealing, the state legislature
passed a law establishing domestic partnership benefits for Oregon state
employees.)
Another complicating factor is
that the marriage law is neutral with respect to sexual orientation, in the
sense that although it clearly discriminates based on gender, the requirement
that marital partners be of the opposite sex does not on its face discriminate
against gays, since a gay man could marry a lesbian or a non-gay woman, and a
lesbian could marry a gay or non-gay man.
It is the sex rather than the sexual orientation of the desired partner
that creates the legal barrier.
On the other hand, and unlike
under the federal constitution or the constitutions of many other states,
Oregon’s constitution has been interpreted to bar not only facially
discriminatory laws, but also those laws that have discriminatory effects.
Wrote Bearden, “It is evident that the effect of ORS Chapter 106 is to
impermissibly classify on the basis of sexual orientation, the repercussions of
which deny same-sex couples certain substantive benefits.  Nevertheless, the court here is limiting its
holding.  Importantly, the court is not
extending ORS Chapter 106 to same-sex couples’ right to marriage but to their
right to benefits, and thus finding that alternative means should be provided
to address this disparity.”
Read alone, this sentence might
be construed to mean that the state must resolve the constitutional issue by
passing a civil union law, but that clearly is not Bearden’s intent, when the
opinion is considered in full.  The
legislature could comply with the constitutional command by opening up marriage
to same-sex couples, but Bearden concluded that it does not have to do so, and
that due to the phrasing of the constitutional provision, it is not clear that
a denial of the “intangible” aspects of marital status necessarily raises a
constitutional issue.  Thus, Bearden
went about as far as existing Oregon precedents would lead him, but it is
possible that the appellate judges who will soon hear this case will find more
persuasive the true equality arguments that the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial
Court has now twice endorsed.
On the other hand, it was clear
to Bearden that the state’s refusal to accept same-sex marriage licenses for
filing violates the clear statutory command of ORS 432.405, which states, “in
mandatory language, that a record of ‘each marriage performed in this state’
_shall_ be filed with the Center for Health Statistics and _shall_ be
registered by the State Registrar.” (Emphasis supplied by the court.)  While acknowledging that this is in some
respects a mere formality, Bearden concluded, “To the extent that the State
Registrar’s inaction affects property rights, health and survivorship benefits,
etc., then Article I, section 20 requires acceptance and registering of the
license and solemnization certificate.
To the extent that rights and benefits are not dependent on registering
the license and accompanying documents, the law nevertheless requires the State
Registrar accept the record of a marriage performed in this state.”  Bearden gave the state thirty days from the
entry of judgement in this case, which will probably take place on April 26 or
shortly thereafter, when the state submits its proposed order embodying the
court’s ruling, to begin accepting these licenses for filing.  But subsequent news reports indicated that
the state would seek a stay of this part of the ruling, arguing that it should
not go into effect until the Supreme Court could rule on whether the county had
authority to issue the licenses.
The final result is a mixed
ruling.  The plaintiffs, represented by
ACLU staff attorney Ken Choe and ACLU of Oregon cooperating attorney Lynn
Nakamoto of Portland, won a declaration that the present exclusion from the
benefits of marriage violates the state constitution, and that those who have
been married over the past weeks are entitled to have their marriages
registered by the state.  On the other
hand, the state won an injunction against Multnomah County continuing to issue
licenses, as well as the possibility that it may be able to get by with the
less politically charged solution of civil unions rather than having to make
full legal marriage available to same-sex partners.  However, this is just a preliminary step, as all parties acknowledged
that this case is headed on a fast track to the state’s supreme court. A.S.L.
Appeals Courts Deny Three Gay
Asylum Claims
Lesbians and gay men from the
Philippines, Armenia and Brazil lost asylum claims in the federal courts of
appeals during April.  On April 21, the
9th Circuit rejected a claim by Belinda Burog-Perez, a lesbian
dentist from the Philippines whose patients all deserted her when they found
out she was gay. _Burog-Perez v. Immigration and Naturalization Service_, 2004
WL 856766 (9th Cir., April 21, 2004).  The 9th Circuit was similarly dismissive of an asylum
claim on behalf of Elen Andreasian, an Armenian, in an April 12 ruling,
_Andreasian v. Ashcroft_, 2004 WL 785064 (9th Cir., April 12,
2004).  The 4th Circuit
rejected Brazilian Amadeu Pereira-Lima’s claim on April 15. _Pereira-Lima v.
Ashcroft_, 2004 WL 816900 (4th Cir., April 15, 2004).
Under international treaties and
federal law, foreign citizens may seek asylum in the United States based on
past persecution from which they are escaping or future persecution that they
reasonably fear if they return to their home country.  To win asylum based on past persecution, the petitioner has to
show “an incident, or incidents, that rise to the level of persecution” based
on membership in a recognized social group; the persecution must either be by
government officials, or under circumstances where the government has been
unable or unwilling to prevent private individuals from committing the
persecution.
Unfortunately for Dr.
Burog-Perez, United States law does not generally recognize economic
disadvantage as sufficient for this purpose. “Specifically,” wrote the 9th
Circuit panel in a per curiam opinion, “Ms. Burog’s allegation that her
patients left her dentistry practice because of her sexual orientation does not
meet the standard for economic persecution under our case law.  When persecution based on purely economic
harm is alleged, we have required a showing of ‘a probability of deliberate
imposition of substantial economic disadvantage.’  Ms. Burog’s allegation that some private individuals chose to
bring their business to another dentist for discriminatory reasons falls
short.”  The court also found that Burog
had not presented any evidence concerning “the Philippine government’s inability
or unwillingness to address the conditions she faced.”  The burden is on the asylum applicant to
demonstrate these sorts of facts.
As to demonstrating a
“well-founded fear of future persecution,” an alternative ground for asylum,
the court rejected Burog’s assertion that “she would not be able to find a job
given her appearance as a lesbian” as sufficient grounds for asylum.  Burog offered general evidence of
discrimination against gay people in Philippine society, including exclusion
from military service and steering towards stereotypical types of employment,
as well as occasional physical harassment of gay men congregating in Manila,
especially when they were cross-dressing, but the court found little relevance
of this to her specific situation.  The
court also discounted her evidence that in Maguidanao province there had been
reports that local Muslim and paramilitary leaders had forced gays to leave
under threat of physical harm, since there was no evidence that she would have
to live in that province if she was required to return to the Philippines.
In _Andreasian_, the other 9th
Circuit case, an Armenia family was trying to stay in the U.S., partly due
their daughter’s recent “coming out” as a lesbian, as well as the father’s
persecution on political grounds.  In a
per curiam opinion, the unanimous panel wrote, “The fact that Ellen revealed
she is a lesbian may be a change in personal circumstances; it is not, however,
a change in circumstances in Armenia.
Although she presents evidence of the lack of acceptance of lesbians and
enforcement of anti-sodomy laws in Armenia, she offers no evidence that
lesbians are being persecuted, or that the situation is worse now than it was
several years ago,” but the court did note that Ellen could attempt to file a
new asylum claim if she could come up with better evidence due to “changed
circumstances” in Armenia.
The 4th Circuit’s per
curiam opinion in _Pereira-Lima_ is relatively uninformative. The court merely
commented that the petitioner had failed to present evidence that was “so
compelling that no reasonable factfinder could fail to find the requisite fear
of persecution,” quoting the Supreme Court’s decision in _INS v.
Elias-Zacarias_, 502 U.S. 478 (1992), concerning the grounds for judicial
reversal of an administrative denial of asylum by immigration officials.  This writer recently heard personal
testimony at a symposium held at Harvard Law School on April 23 from a gay man
from Brazil who did achieve asylum in the U.S. recently (on the West Coast), so
it is clear that asylum from that country may be available, depending upon the
credibility and severity of the applicant’s story about past persecution, which
in the case of this young man was particularly stark.
Asylum is not a process by which
people who would prefer to live in the United States because of poor conditions
in their own countries can do so.  The
purpose of asylum is to offer shelter to those whose lives are seriously
endangered because of the social groups in which they live, usually due to
official or semi-official persecution in their home country.
Ten years ago, then-Attorney
General Janet Reno designated as official precedent an immigration ruling that
gay people are a recognized social group for this purpose, but in any particular
case it is necessary for an asylum applicant to present convincing evidence
that they have been severely persecuted because of their group membership, or
that such persecution in their home country is sufficiently commonplace that
they are likely to suffer from it if required to return.  These three recent negative decisions
illustrate the importance of amassing overwhelmingly persuasive evidence if one
is to succeed in winning asylum from U.S. authorities these days.  A.S.L.
9th Circuit Rejects
Religious Discrimination Claim by Evangelical Christian Supervisor Discharged
for Harassing Lesbian Employee
Evelyn Bodett, an evangelical
Christian who lost her job for violating her employer’s policy against sexual
orientation discrimination and harassment, was not protected from
discrimination by Title VII of the federal Civil Rights Act, or the Arizona
Civil Rights or Employment Protection Acts, ruled a unanimous three-judge panel
of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in San Francisco on
April 26. _Bodett v. Coxcom, Inc._, 2004 WL 877643.  In an opinion by Circuit Judge Michael D. Hawkins, the court
found that Evelyn Bodett’s religious discrimination claims were invalid, and
that Cox, a cable TV company, had a legitimate reason for discharging her,
based on the complaint of Kelley Carson, a lesbian employee under her
supervision.
According to Judge Hawkins’
opinion, Bodett had worked for Cox in Phoenix, Arizona, and its predecessor,
American Cable, for eighteen years when she was discharged.  She supervised thirteen employees, including
Carson, who is openly-lesbian. “When they began working together,” wrote
Hawkins, “Bodett told Carson that homosexuality was against her Christian
beliefs.”  Carson did not feel
threatened by this statement, but things changed in June of 2000, when Carson,
distressed about a recent breakup with her domestic partner and concerns about
her ability to afford her house payments, confided in Bodett during a “coaching
session.”  According to Carson, Bodett
told her that “the relationship she was in, was probably the cause of the
turmoil in her life,” that “God’s design for a relationship was between a man
and a woman,” and “that homosexuality is wrong, considered by God to be a
sin.”  Bodett shut the door and the two
women prayed together.  Carson later
referred to this event as when Bodett “made me born again.”
Subsequently, Carson twice
attended church with Bodett and went on a religious retreat for which Bodett
paid the expenses, but she was uncomfortable with her situation, and later
testified that she did these things because she feared for her job.  Carson applied to transfer to Cox’s Omaha
office.  Comcox’s Vice President for
Customer Care, Mireille DeBryucker, having heard from another employee that
Carson had complained about Bodett’s comments concern her sexuality, asked
Carson out to lunch to find out why she wanted to transfer to the Omaha
office.  At lunch, Carson told
DeBryucker that she was uncomfortable with the way Bodett had “treated her
sexuality.”  Carson mentioned that at
the end of a recent performance review, Bodett had told Carson that she would
be disappointed if Carson was dating another woman but happy if she were dating
a man.  When DeBryucker asked why Carson
had never filed a complaint about Bodett, she replied that “Bodett was her boss
and she could not afford to lose her job.”
DeBryucker asked Carson to meet
with Sue Hutchinson, Cox’s Phoenix Human Resources Manager.  Hutchinson was the author of the
non-discrimination policy, and she determined, together with her supervisor,
that if Bodett admitted to making the statements that Carson alleged, then she
had violated the policy and should be terminated.  When DeBryucker and Hutchinson met with Bodett, she admitted
having made the statements.  When they
told Bodett that her conduct was a “gross violation” of the company’s policy
against harassment on the basis of sexual orientation, she responded that
“sometimes there is a higher calling than a company policy.”  She was discharged immediately.
Bodett’s lawsuit claimed that
she was the subject of discrimination on the basis of religion in violation of
federal and state law, including a claim of violation of her First Amendment
rights of free exercise of religion which was obviously invalid since the First
Amendment applies only to the government, not private employers.  She also claimed breach of contract and
intentional infliction of emotional distress.
Her case was assigned to a federal Magistrate, David K. Duncan, who
determined that she was discharged for “a legitimate non-discriminatory
reason,” and the appeals court agreed.
Neither the magistrate nor the
court of appeals found an inference of discriminatory animus on the basis of
Bodett’s factual allegations, but found that, in any event, such an inference
would be effectively rebutted by showing that the employer had a legitimate
non-discriminatory reason for the termination.
In this case, wrote Hawkins, “the Cox policy clearly stated that an
employee can be terminated for harassing or coercing another employee on the
basis of sexual orientation.  Bodett
does not dispute that she was on constructive notice of this policy, or that
she admitted to DeBryucker and Hutchinson that she had made certain statements
to Carson. . .  At the summary judgment
stage, these admissions alone are enough to allow the trier of fact rationally
to conclude that the employment decision had not been motivated by
discriminatory animus.”
The court also rejected Bodett’s
argument that her conduct had not constituted harassment.  The court found that the statements Bodett
had made to Carson “could certainly constitute harassment, and Bodett’s
proffered evidence only supports the assertions by Cox’s management that they
took Bodett’s admissions as facial violations of company policy.”  The court also found that Bodett was aware
that there were circumstances under company rules when an employee could be
fired without notice, and that “discriminating against someone based on their sexual
orientation was forbidden by company policy.”
The court found no merit to
Bodett’s state law claims, either.  A
claim of intentional infliction of emotional distress requires the plaintiff to
show that the defendant acted in an outrageous manner, either intending to
inflict severe emotional distress or acting in reckless disregard of the
likelihood of causing such distress.
The court did not find that Cox’s executives had acted outrageously.
“This type of termination goes on every day in the corporate world,” wrote
Hawkins, “particularly when the employee has violated the terms of an existing
employment policy.”  Bodett had
expressed particular outrage that during the litigation process her counseling
session with Carson had been characterized as an “exorcism,” but the court
found that this was not all that far off from what had been described.
It has become a standard tactic
for anti-gay supervisors to claim that they are being subjected to religious
discrimination when they are required to render fair treatment to the
increasing number of openly-gay employees they may encounter.  This decision by the 9th Circuit
decisively rejects the contention that company enforcement of discrimination
policies against such supervisors violates any protected right of religious
practice or belief. A.S.L.
Court Finds Employer Failed to
Accommodate Religious Employee’s Objections to Homosexuality
A Colorado federal district
judge has awarded $146,000 in compensatory damages to a former employee of
AT&T Broadband who was fired after refusing to sign a form agreeing to
abide by the company's diversity policy. _Buonanno v. AT&T Broadband_, 2004
WL 782648 (Apr. 2).   Albert Buonanno
would not sign the acknowledgment form because, as a Christian, he claimed he
could not agree to “value” diverse conduct, such as homosexuality, that his
religion considered contrary to the Bible.
After a bench trial, District Judge Marcia Krieger concluded that
AT&T had not engaged in direct religious discrimination against Buonanno.  However, since the acknowledgment form was
ambiguous and could have been read to require employees to value actual beliefs
or behaviors contrary to one’s religion, AT&T engaged in unlawful religious
discrimination because it did not even attempt to accommodate Buonanno’s
concerns.  Krieger awarded damages
totalling nearly $150,000.
Buonanno was employed by
AT&T from January of 1999 through February of 2001 as a cable dispatcher
and a quota specialist.  In January of
2001, AT&T adopted a new employee handbook that included an extensive diversity
policy.  A portion of the policy stated
“each person at AT&T Broadband is charged with the responsibility to fully
recognize, respect and value the differences among all of us.”  AT&T required all employees to sign an
“Acknowledgment of Receipt and Certificate of Understanding” form indicating
that the employee had received the handbook and would abide by the company’s
policies and practices.  Buonanno
refused to sign the Certificate of Understanding.  He testified that while he had never discriminated against another
employee because of differences in belief, behavior or background, and would
not do so in the future, he could not endorse behavior or values that were
contrary to his religion, something he felt the challenged language required
him to do.
After consulting with his pastor
and his supervisor (another practicing Christian, who advised Buonanno that he
did not believe the challenged language was contrary to Christian teachings),
Buonanno wrote a letter to AT&T's Human Resources Manager, in which he said,
“I believe it’s wrong for any individual or organization to attempt to persuade
me to fully respect and fully value any differences which are contrary to God's
word.”  Although the letter did not
identity any “difference” that concerned him in particular, the court noted
that trial testimony touched upon Buonanno’s “reluctance to value”
homosexuality, an issue  Buonanno had
discussed privately with his supervisor, but not with AT&T's Human
Resources Manager.
AT&T's Human Resources
Manager met with Buonanno to discuss the situation, but rebuffed Buonanno's
request to work around the challenged language or the signing of the
certificate.  According to Judge
Krieger, “No AT&T representative explored or explained the intended meaning
of the challenged language to Buonanno.
No AT&T employee inquired as to the particulars of Buonanno's
concerns, sought to devise ways to accommodate Buonanno's religious beliefs, or
reassured him that the challenged language did not require him to surrender his
religious beliefs.”  Buonanno was
terminated when he continued to refuse to sign the Certificate of
Understanding.
Buonanno advanced two legal
theories of liability against AT&T under Title VII: direct religious
discrimination and failure to accommodate Buonanno's religious beliefs.  Judge Krieger ruled in AT&T's favor as
to the direct discrimination claim, since the decision to fire Buonanno was not
based on animus towards Christians, and since AT&T was not advancing any
religious belief of its own in its diversity policy.  The court emphasized that “with the exception of [Buonanno's
supervisor], nothing in the record establishes that any of his supervisors held
particular religious beliefs, much less beliefs that were in conflict with
Buonanno's.  Buonanno's supervisor is a
Christian.”
Buonanno fared better with his
failure to accommodate claim.  Judge
Krieger concluded that the challenged language was ambiguous, noting that even
AT&T's own senior staff did not have a uniform understanding about what the
challenged language required employees to do.
Judge Krieger explained that “taken literally, the language appears to
require an employee to ascribe some value to those particular beliefs or
behaviors of his or her co-workers that he or she does not share.  Taken figuratively, the language could be
understood to mean that an employee must ascribe value to the fact that there
are differences among employees, but not necessarily require that each employee
has to find some value in each of the various behaviors or beliefs of his or
her co-workers.”  Faced with this
ambiguity, and Buonanno's concerns, Title VII required AT&T to take some
corrective action.
AT&T argued that it could
not have carved out an exception to the diversity policy, or the requirement
that Buonanno sign the Certificate of Understanding, without undermining the
value of the policy as a whole.
Although Judge Krieger called AT&T's philosophy and policy “a
legitimate and laudable business goal,” he was not persuaded by this argument,
since an exception might not even have been necessary under the
circumstances.  The court was most
concerned by the fact that AT&T did not have any meaningful dialogue with
Buonanno to address the situation, and that its knee-jerk reaction to require
compliance with the policy was unlawful: “Had [AT&T] ever explained that
[it] understood the challenged language to have a figurative, rather than
literal, meaning and listened to his concerns, the issue could have been
resolved without any need for accommodation..
Accordingly, AT&T has failed to show that it could not have
accommodated Buonanno's beliefs without undue hardship.”
Even if AT&T intended that
the challenged language be interpreted literally, the court ruled that AT&T
did not demonstrate than an accommodation to Buonanno would have resulted in an
undue hardship to the company. “Although AT&T's Diversity Philosophy
confers a business advantage, AT&T did not show that the literal
application of the challenged language was necessary to obtain such advantage,”
Judge Krieger ruled.
After his termination from
AT&T, Buonanno was unemployed for four months before he obtained a job as a
mental health counselor, a position that afforded him reduced earnings and
fewer benefits than his AT&T job.
The court awarded Buonanno $67,179 in lost wages from the time of his
termination to the time of trial, $10,539 in lost 401(k) matching contributions
during that same time period, plus prejudgment interest.  Rather than ordering Buonanno to be reinstated,
a remedy that the court acknowledged was “preferred” unless “not practical,” it
awarded Buonanno $54,469 in front pay, reflecting 2-¾ years of diminished
earnings.  The court did not make any
award for future lost 401(k) matching contributions, noting that any such award
would be “speculative.”  The court also
refused to award Buonanno education expenses for a graduate degree Buonanno
intended to pursue in counseling.
Although AT&T paid for employee educational expenses relating to
one's job duties, there was no evidence that the counseling degree Buonanno
sought was related in any way to the work he performed at AT&T.
The court also awarded Buonanno
$4,000 in compensatory damages for the emotional distress he claimed he
suffered as a result of AT&T's actions.
Although Judge Krieger agreed that Buonanno was not subjected to “rude
or insulting treatment” or “purposeful humiliation,” the court credited
Buonanno's testimony that he had suffered from some sleep loss caused by the
fact that he did not find new work for four months, and was humiliated by his
termination.  Judge Krieger refused to
make any punitive damages award, finding that there was no showing AT&T
perceived its failure to accommodate Buonanno violated federal law, and that
Buonanno was “partially responsible for the lack of communication” giving rise
to the case, since he did not particularize with AT&T's human resources
department the cause for his concern. _Ian Chesir-Teran_
Minnesota Appeals Court Finds
Church Exempt From Gay Rights Law in Discharge of Choir Director
In a case of first impression,
the Minnesota Court of Appeals refused to extend the protections of the equal
employment provisions of the Minnesota Human Rights Act to a bisexual
choirmaster of a church who alleged discrimination based on sexual orientation,
because the religious staff of religious organizations are exempted unless the
exemption is specifically waived.  The
court, in an opinion by Judge David Minge, found no waiver by the defendant
church, despite the church’s prior voluntary adoption of a non-discrimination
policy that includes sexual orientation. _Egan v. Hamline United Methodist
Church_, 2004 WL 771461 (Minn.App. April 13, 2004).
The members of Hamline United Methodist Church committed to make the church a
“reconciling church” in 1999. This meant that the church would be one that
openly welcomed gay, lesbian and bisexual parishioners into membership. This
commitment was made after a long and contentious process.
Randal Egan was hired as music director for the church in 1994. As music director,
he was responsible for managing and rehearsing the church’s choir, selecting
music for all kinds of religious services, playing the organ and supervising
other groups, such as the children’s choir and the hand bell choir.
On evening in May, 2000, Egan
joined in a conversation in the church parking lot. Two members of the church
were discussing the decision of the church to identify itself as a reconciling
church. When one of the members expressed opposition to the policy and
disapproval of homosexuals, Egan said that he had not realized that this
member, Kim Gruetzmacher, “was so homophobic.”
Gruetzmacher sent a letter to the pastor expressing his disapproval of
the reconciling policy, and demanded an apology for calling him “homophobic.”
Egan was told of the letter, and, ultimately, was told that if he did not make
a suitable apology, he would be discharged.
Egan refused to make this apology, and was discharged.
Egan filed a complaint with the
Minnesota Department of Human Rights, alleging discrimination in employment
based on sexual orientation under the Minnesota Human Rights Act (MHRA). The
Department of Human Rights dismissed the claim, finding no probable cause. Egan
filed a claim under the MHRA in state court. The church moved to dismiss, arguing
that, as a church, it was not subject to the act. The trial court agreed, and
dismissed the claim on that basis.
The Court of Appeals found that
three distinct questions were raised by the appeal: 1) Does the MHRA require
that sexual orientation be a bona fide qualification of employment for
religious organizations to claim the exemption?; 2) Did the act protect Egan
from discrimination and retaliation on the basis of orientation?; 3) Did the
church waive its exemption under the act with regard to employment
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation?  The court answered each question in the negative.
As to the first question, Judge
Minge answered a very broadly framed question in a very specific fashion,
ruling that two apparently conflicting provisions of the statute could be
reconciled in the church’s favor. The first provision concerned a bar to
discrimination based on sexual orientation unless the discrimination presents a
bona fide occupational qualification in the hiring context. The second
provision exempt religious employers from the discrimination based on sexual
orientation, generally. Egan argued that the narrower rule should prevail. The
court disagreed, ruling that the statute concerning hiring was not necessarily
narrower in scope, and that, in effect, hiring was not at issue in the present
case.
The court ruled against Egan on the second question because the exemption is
specifically applicable to employment which is religious in nature.  After a close reading of what it is that a
music director does in a church, and, more specifically, in this church, the
court ruled that the position was religious in nature, emphasizing the choir
director’s role in selection and performance of music for church services.
Finally, the court found no
waiver of exemption in the church’s personnel handbook, as was argued by Egan.
Rather, it found any expressions of intent not to discriminate on the basis of
sexual orientation (among other grounds) to be general and aspirational in
nature. The court ruled that the extreme reluctance of civil authorities to
become entangled in church governance is so compelling that no such waiver by a
church personnel handbook would be enforced by a civil authority unless it was
very specific in its terms. Contract considerations must give way to
constitutional concerns. Clearly, the waiver by a religious employer would have
to be far more specific than would be required of another type of employer.
_Steven Kolodny_
Gay Man Loses Discrimination
Appeal in 2nd Circuit
The U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 2nd Circuit has ruled in _Gold v. Duetsche Aktiengesellschaft_,
2004 WL 842583 (April 21, 2004), that a gay man’s employment discrimination
claim could not be heard in court, because he had signed a mandatory
arbitration agreement that was routinely required by employers in the
securities and financial industries as a condition of employment when he was
hired.  The unanimous ruling in the case
of Jonathan Gold was consistent with prior 2nd Circuit rulings, but
differed from rulings in some other parts of the country where the
appropriateness of the securities industry rules for discrimination complaints
has been questioned.  Ironically, the
securities industry recently backed away from requiring arbitration of
discrimination claims, but too late to help Gold’s case.
Gold began to work for Deutsches
Bank in 1995, after graduating from his MBA program at N.Y.U.  As a condition of employment, he had to sign
Form U-4, which the National Association of Security Dealers (NASD) requires
all registered representatives to sign.
The Form U-4 prominently mentions that the employee and employer agree
that all disputes about the employment relationship will be subject to
arbitration.
Gold claims that once people at
Deutsches Bank figured out that he was gay, he was subjected to various petty
indignities and given poor job assignments.
In April 1996, he was involuntarily transferred to a DB subsidiary,
Deutsche Morgan Grenfell/C.J. Lawrence, Inc., where he claims that his
immediate supervisor created a hostile work environment, making fun of Gold for
being gay, and that a senior male employee made sexual demands on him.  He was discharged a few months later.
Early in 1997, Gold filed suit
in Southern District of New York, claiming he had been subjected to a hostile
work environment and quid pro quo sexual harassment in violation of Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  Gold
also included some state law claims.
The case was assigned to District Judge Kimba Wood, who granted the
employer’s motion to suspend the case pending arbitration of the claim, and who
subsequently rejected Gold’s attempt to get the court to take up the case again
on its merits after he had lost in arbitration.
Gold argued on appeal that he
had not knowingly agreed in advance to arbitrate such claims, contending that
he had been rushed into signing the form in a setting that did not allow time
for true consideration, and had not understood what rights he was waiving.  The appellate panel, in an opinion by Senior
Circuit Judge Wilfred Feinberg, gave short shrift to Gold’s arguments, noting
that the 2nd Circuit had ruled in _Desiderio v. National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc._, 191 F.3d 198 (1991), that the Form U-4 satisfied
federal rules for mandatory arbitration agreements, and that as an MBA graduate
from NYU, Gold could be expected to understand the significance of signing this
form, which was written in plain language.
Furthermore, Feinberg noted that Gold was newly raising factual issues
about the circumstances under which he signed the form, which should have been
presented to Judge Wood at a much earlier stage in the case.
Courts in other parts of the
country, perhaps not so accommodating to the interests of the securities
industry, had seriously questioned the appropriateness of the NASD arbitration
system for dealing with employment discrimination claims.  Most of the cases that go before NASD
arbitration panels are claims raised by dissatisfied customers of brokerage
houses or purchasers of financial products from banks.  The industry association tightly controls
the process and appoints all the arbitrators.
The system was really set up mainly for self-policing by the industry of
dealings with customers.  Such a system
does not provide the kind of impartial decision-making that one normally seeks
in a discrimination claim, especially when the complaining party has no role in
selecting the arbitrators who will hear the case, and who are selected by an
industry association of which the employer is a member.
Recognizing these criticisms,
the industry association recently agreed that it would no longer require
financial industry employees to arbitrate discrimination claims, but this
decision was not made retroactive, and so is of no help to Gold.  In light of the federal case law in the 2nd
Circuit, Gold might have fared better had he filed his lawsuit in the New York
State courts, emphasizing his state civil rights claims instead of his federal
claims.  More significantly, a claim of
sexual orientation discrimination under New York City’s human rights ordinance
might also have fared better.  Had Gold
filed a suit making only state law claims, he might have succeeded in keeping
Deutsches Bank from getting the case removed to the less receptive federal court
as well, although all these alternative outcomes are entirely speculative
hindsight.  A.S.L.
No _Cy Pres_ Distribution of
Holocaust Survivors’ Trust Fund Warranted While Needy Survivors Still Live;
Proposal on Behalf of Gay Survivors Denied
The Pink Triangle Coalition is
an international group advocating for gay victims of the Nazis. The Coalition
petitioned a court charged with distributing unclaimed assets looted by Nazis
(the result of a class action suit) to reserve a small portion of those funds
(1) to help those victimized because of their homosexuality, (2) to support
research into the anti-gay crimes of the Nazis, (3) to provide education about
Nazi persecution of homosexuals, and (4) to prevent further anti-gay
persecution. In a thoughtful and thorough opinion, U.S. District Judge Edward
R. Korman rejected such a cy pres distribution of the trust fund so long as
actual needy survivors of the Holocaust – a group that may include some who
were victimized for homosexuality – still live. _In re Holocaust Victim Assets
Litigation_, 2004 WL 717243 (E.D.N.Y. April 2, 2004).
Judge Korman explained that “the
words ‘_cy pres_’ come from the French expression, ‘_cy pres comme possible_,’
meaning ‘as near as possible.’ Originally, the _cy pres_ doctrine developed in
the context of testamentary charitable trusts. Where a trust would otherwise
fail, a court would attempt to fulfill the testator's charitable intent ‘as
near as possible’ rather than let the trust fail entirely. The same basic
notion is now employed in class action settlements such as this one.
Judge Korman recounted findings
from earlier litigation, 302 F. Supp. 2d 89 (E.D.N.Y. March 9, 2004), involving
the same funds, that there exists substantial poverty among survivors who are
still alive, especially in Eastern and Central Europe. “Considering the level
of desperate need among actual survivors of the Holocaust that can be
alleviated through distribution of settlement funds,” Judge Korman found that
he could not order a cy pres distribution aimed more generally at education,
research, or advocacy.
The class benefitting from the
distribution includes all victims or targets of Nazi persecution and their
beneficiaries.  Distribution is on a
case-by-case basis, and is not awarded to particular groups who were
targeted.  The critical factor is need,
not whether one is, e.g., Jewish, gay or disabled.
To facilitate speed and
equitable distribution, Judge Korman allocated 90 percent of the funds to
Jewish victims (served by Jewish relief groups) and 10 percent to others (Roma,
Jehovah’s Witnesses, gays, and disabled persons).  The International Organization of Migration has handled the
latter 10 percent, and has located 50,000 such survivors, most of whom are Roma
(Gypsies). Gay victims are much harder to identify – the Pink Triangle
Coalition has identified only seven such survivors, while making extensive
efforts to find others.
Judge Korman recognized that
Nazis persecuted homosexuals, and homosexuals were systematically excluded from
compensation efforts after the Holocaust. Not until 1985 were such victims
publicly acknowledged. Nazi-era laws regarding gay people remained in effect
even after the Holocaust, making it “no surprise” that no more than a handful
of needy gay survivors could be found.
The judge saw no reason,
however, to assume that gay survivors have not received a proportionate share
of the total distribution of assets. If a claimant can successfully show
membership in any of the five classes, an award is made. Claimants are not required
to state what target group they are part of.
Pink Triangle also challenged
the distribution because gay victims often lack heirs; a greater proportion of
the funds, therefore, goes to non-gays. The lack of heirs does not justify,
stated the judge, creation of a separate fund to be used for other than aid to
the needy. Judge Korman specifically has recognized homosexual partners as
heirs to ensure their fair representation. The judge refers to <http://www.crt-ii.org/_awards/_apdfs/Dallet_Dr_Rafael.pdf>,
which provides details of an award to a claimant who submitted “documents and
specific biographical information, demonstrating that the account owner was her
godfather and life partner of her great-uncle.” The Claims Resolution Tribunal
originally rejected the claim because goddaughter was not a “proper heir.”
Judge Korman similarly rejected
a petition by a group advocating a separate fund for the victims of disability
discrimination. _Alan J. Jacobs_
AVP Wins Dismissal of N.Y.
Defamation Claims by Billy Bowen
The New York City Gay &
Lesbian Anti-Violence Project has won dismissal of various claims filed against
it by Billy Bowen, who asserted that the AVP posted flyers in the Chelsea area
defaming him and leading to false criminal charges against him.  In _Bowen v. NYC Gay & Lesbian
Anti-Violence Project_, N.Y.L.J., 4/20/04, p. 18, col.1 (Sup.Ct., N.Y. Co.),
Justice Diane Lebedeff found that Bowen’s complaint failed to specify when the
posters were put up and which statements on them were false, both of which are
necessary prerequisites to determining whether he has a valid legal claim.
Bowen had previously sued AVP
over an earlier round of flyers, and lost that case when another judge granted
an AVP dismissal motion. According to Bowen’s new complaint, the posting of the
AVP flyers, warning denizens of Chelsea that Bowen had “served time for
offenses such as assault and petty larceny” and that he would “prey” on members
of the community, had led to him being falsely identified in some police
investigations and even charged and held in prison for crimes he did not
commit.  Bowen’s complaint did not
specify when the latest round of flyers were posted, or which specific
statements in them were untrue.
Instead, he argued that the overall message of the flyers conveyed an
inaccurate image of him, and he attached copies of the flyers to his complaint.
Bowen’s most serious complaint
appeared to stem from his indictment in June 2002 on false charges of attempted
murder, robbery and assault, resulting in him being held in jail for five
months until he was released when a gay bar finally came up with a security
camera recording that showed he was not present in the bar on the night when the
victim met his assailant.  The victim,
perhaps familiar with Bowen’s face from the AVP flyers, had mistakenly
identified Bowen as his assailant from a collection of mugshots that the police
showed him.
Justice Lebedeff found that the
prior lawsuit did not necessarily dispose of Bowen’s current complaint against
AVP, since the more recent flyers may differ from the earlier ones, and several
of the incidents about which Bowen was complaining had occurred since the prior
lawsuit was decided.  However, she found
that Bowen’s failure to be specific in his new complaint was insufficient as a
matter of law.  Under the common law of
defamation, a private individual plaintiff must allege the publication of false
statements that are damaging to his reputation, and must particularly indicate
which statements are false.  Although
Justice Lebedeff dismissed the complaint, she gave Bowen leave to refile his
defamation claim in more specific form.
However, she found that other
aspects of the complaint had to be dismissed in total for various
deficiencies.  Bowen sought to hold AVP
liable for conspiracy, intentional infliction of emotional distress, violation
of civil rights and invasion of privacy.
There were technical and factual problems with all of these claims, not
least that New York does not recognize a common law right of privacy, and that
the statutory privacy right is limited and does not apply to this kind of
situation.  (New York’s right of
privacy, a provision of the state’s civil rights law, prohibits the commercial
use of a person’s name or image without their permission.  AVP’s use of Bowen’s name and picture on his
flyers was not deemed to be a “commercial use” by Justice Lebedeff.)
The conspiracy claims centered
on situations where Bowen claims that the posting of the flyers contributed to
him being improperly arrested or prosecuted for various incidents in which he
was not involved, due to mistaken identity or the general harm to his
reputation from the flyers resulting in the police being suspicious about
him.  Lebedeff commented that Bowen
“clearly seeks to draw AVP into the scope of his claims against other
defendants sounding in malicious arrest or false imprisonment,” but because AVP
did not itself initiate any of those arrests or imprisonments, it could not be
liable on those claims.  There was no
indication that AVP had actively conspired with anybody else to inflict
injuries on Bowen.  A.S.L.
Federal Employees Protected From
Sexual Orientation Discrimination. . . But Keep It a Secret!
In February, Scott Bloch, the
recently-appointed head of the federal Office of Special Counsel, which is
charged with investigating complaints of employment discrimination within the
federal bureaucracy, caused a furor by removing from the agency’s website all
the references to sexual orientation discrimination.  Bloch asserted that on reviewing the jurisdiction of his agency,
he had concluded that status-based discrimination concerning sexual orientation
was not covered, since the statutory authority, a civil service reform law
dating from 1978, did not mention sexual orientation.  The statute forbids adverse action based on lawful off-duty
conduct, and on that basis has long been interpreted as protecting lesbian and
gay federal employees.  The statute was
reinforced by executive branch executive orders issued by the heads of various
departments through the 1990's, culminating in President Bill Clinton’s
executive order issued towards the end of his second term.  Bloch took the position that a federal
employee could not be fired for lawful conduct involved with her sexual
orientation, such as marching in a gay pride parade or attending some other
gay-identified event, but that purely status-based discrimination was not
covered.
Various groups swung into action
in response to Bloch’s assertions, not least the National Treasury Employees
Union, Federal GLOBE (the organization of gay federal employees), and the Log
Cabin Republicans.  In a March 23 letter
of protest, NTEU President Colleen M. Kelley argued that “sexual conduct and
sexual orientation are inextricably intertwined” when evaluating the motivation
for discrimination against gay people.
Responding to the furor, a White
House spokesperson asserted that “longstanding federal policy” forbids
discrimination based on “sexual preference” and that the president “expects
federal agencies to support this policy,” although the president did not
himself make any public statement. _Washington Post_, April 3.  On April 8, Bloch issued a statement that he
had concluded that, to quote a report in BNA’s _Daily Labor Report_ No. 69,
dated 4/12/04, “an agency manager who is motivated by a federal employee’s
sexual orientation to initiate a personnel action against them has engaged in a
prohibited personnel practice (PPP) ‘when reasonable grounds exist to infer
that those engaging in discriminatory acts on the basis of sexual orientation
have discriminated on the basis of imputed private conduct.’” In other words,
Bloch is not really backing down from his prior position, but shading its
statement in such a way as to appear to give some ground.  Some of the critics of his earlier position
treated this as a victory.
However, Bloch made clear that
he had not really changed his position by stating that the references to sexual
orientation will not be restored to the agency’s website listing forms of
prohibited discrimination in the federal service. “OSC believes that the
materials currently on its Web site are consistent with its view of the law,”
said Bloch, while indicating that OSC would continuously review and revise if
necessary “to ensure that employees are fully aware of the protections
provided.”   Finally, appearing to
contradict himself, Bloch included the following statement in his announcement:
“It is the policy of this Administration that discrimination in the federal
workforce on the basis of sexual orientation is prohibited.” Then why not
mention this on the website of the agency charged with investigating
discrimination claims?  A.S.L.
Marriage Litigation Notes
_Alabama_ – What were they
thinking?  State prison inmates Darius
Chambers and Jonathan Jones filed suit in Montgomery Circuit Court seeking a
marriage license on April 9.  On April
13, Circuit Judge Truman Hobbs, Jr., dismissed their suit, but ruled that it
could be refiled once they had served their sentences.  The men had filed a motion to postpone
decision on their suit until their sentences were served.  State Attorney General Troy King asserted
that he was confident the state would have won had the judge ruled on the
merits.  The original complaint stated:
“This court must not allow the alleged sexual morals of a society filled with
bias to be the scales of balance,” but subsequently Jones wrote to the
Assistant Attorney General who was assigned to the case that he was
“hetrosexual” and wished to be removed from the lawsuit. _Associated Press_,
April 19.
_California_ - The California
Supreme Court has scheduled oral argument for May 25 on the question whether
the city of San Francisco, at the urging of Mayor Gavin Newsom, had authority
to issue marriage licenses and perform weddings for same-sex partners.  The court set aside two hours for
argument.  Under its normal procedures,
a decision would be expected within 90 days after the argument.  These hearings will be in the context of the
suit filed directly in the Supreme Court by Attorney General Bill Lockyer and
the Alliance Defense Fund.  The court
has already ordered the city to stop issuing the licenses pending the outcome
of the case.  The court has also asked
the parties to brief whether it should nullify the roughly 4,000 marriages that
have already been performed if they ultimately decide that the authority to
issue the licenses was lacking.  Newsom
has grounded his actions in his interpretation of California constitutional
requirements, in light of last year’s decision by the Massachusetts Supreme
Judicial Court in _Goodridge v. Department of Health_.  The cases pending before the supreme court
are _Lockyer v. San Francisco_ and _Lewis v. Alfaro_. _Associated Press_, April
28, 2004. * * * In _Woo v. Lockyer_, the pending lawsuit in San Francisco
Superior Court in which the National Center for Lesbian Rights is seeking
marriage licenses for six same-sex couples, Judge James Warren denied a motion
by the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund to intervene as a party
defendant.  The Prop 22 Fund was the
proponent of the successful ballot measure to ban same-sex marriage in
California, whose constitutionality is drawn into question by NCLR’s lawsuit,
but Judge Warren ruled that it would not be harmed directly by the outcome of
the case and thus lacked standing to intervene.  Warren’s April 8 ruling followed on an April 1 decision to
consolidate NCLR’s case with a separate suit brought by San Francisco City
Attorney Dennis Herrera on behalf of the City and County of San Francisco.
_NCLR Press Release_, April 8.
_Florida_ - The National Center
for Lesbian Rights and Equality Florida filed suit in Monroe County (Key West)
seeking marriage licenses on behalf of six same-sex couples on April 15, the
date symbolically chosen due to its association with the filing deadline for
federal income taxes.
_New Jersey_ - The City Council
in Asbury Park, where marriage licenses were briefly made available until the
state threatened suit, has voted on April 21 to become a co-plaintiff in the
_Lewis v. Harris_ same-sex marriage case, which Lambda Legal will shortly be
presenting to the New Jersey Appellate Division, having suffered an adverse
summary judgment in November 2003.  Only
one same-sex couple was actually married in Asbury Park, Ric Best and Louis
Navarette, local merchants, whose ceremony was performed on March 8 by Deputy
Mayor James Bruno.  Immediately
thereafter, the state attorney general’s office contacted the city government
and demanded that no further same-sex marriages be performed.  At that time, the city council met in
emergency session and agreed to comply with Attorney General Peter Harvey’s
demand, but also authorized filing a lawsuit to vindicate their position.  Now they have decided that an independent
lawsuit makes less sense than joining the Lambda suit, which is one big stage
further along. _Newark Star-Ledger_, April 22.
_New York_ - On April 7, the
ACLU, NYCLU and cooperating attorneys at Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton &
Garrison filed suit in New York Supreme Court, Albany County, seeking marriage
licenses on behalf of thirteen same-sex couples. _Samuels v. New York State
Department of Health_.  The complaint,
in common with that filed by Lambda Legal and cooperating attorneys from Kramer
Levin Naftalis & Fr
ankel on March 5 in New York
County, concedes that the current New York marriage law, although gender
neutral in significant part, does not afford same-sex couples the right to
marry, and argues that such denial violates rights of due process, equal
protection and free speech under the New York State constitution.  The ACLU plaintiff group is quite diverse,
and most notably includes New York State Assembly Member Daniel O’Donnell, the
brother of media personality Rosie O’Donnell (who was recently married to her
same-sex partner in San Francisco).
_New York_ - N.Y. Supreme Court
Justice Michael Kavanagh of Ulster County has ruled that Robert Hebel, a
village trustee in New Paltz, New York, had standing to file the civil lawsuit
that led to a temporary restraining order against the village’s mayor, Jason
West, putting an end to his performance of weddings for same-sex partners who
had not obtained (unobtainable) marriage licenses from the county clerk.  A hearing on making the TRO into a permanent
injunction is scheduled for May 17.
West is also being prosecuted criminally for performing the weddings,
under a provision of the Domestic Relations Law that makes it a misdemeanor for
an authorized marriage officiant to perform a ceremony for a couple that has
not obtained a valid marriage license. _Associated Press_, April 28.
_Oregon_ - The ACLU has filed a
challenge in the Oregon Supreme Court to a proposed ballot title for a
constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage in the state.  The proponents submitted their proposed
amendment to the attorney general, who has proposed a ballot title, which is a
necessary step before the proponents can begin petitioning to gather the
100,000 signatures that would be needed to put the measure on the ballot this
November.  The ACLU claims that the
proposed title is inadequately informative, as it does not tell voters that
passage of the proposed amendment would cut off any argument by same-sex
partners for equal benefits rights. _Associated Press_, April 22.
_Washington_ - On April 1, the
ACLU of Washington filed suit on behalf of eleven same-sex couples seeking
marriage licenses. _Castle v. State of Washington_, Wash. Super. Ct., Thurston
County.  The complaint claims that state
laws regarding marriage must apply without regard to gender, and the failure to
issue licenses to same-sex couples violates the equality guarantees of the
state constitution.  The lawsuit also
asks the court to declare that same-sex marriages lawfully formed in other
jurisdictions should be recognized in Washington, a particularly significant
point because quite a few couples from the state have crossed the border into
British Columbia to get married in a jurisdiction where licenses are currently
available to same-sex partners. A prior attempt to achieve same-sex marriage in
Washington, the 1971 _Singer_ case, was unsuccessful. The new suit calls on the
courts to reconsider _Singer_ in light of the past thirty years of gay rights
developments, but the looming _Singer_ precedent, a court of appeals ruling
that was denied review by the state supreme court, would seem to preclude
winning a favorable ruling at the trial level.
_ACLU Press Release_, April 1.
_West Virginia_ - The state
supreme court rejected a bid to draw it into the same-sex marriage wars for
now, refusing to hear a case filed by four same-sex couples directly in the
Supreme Court seeking an order to the Kanawha County Clerk to issue them
marriage licenses.  West Virginia has a
Defense of Marriage Act.  The court
announced that its vote against hearing the petition was 3-2. _365Gay.com_,
April 3. A.S.L.
Marriage & Partner
Recognition Legislative Notes
_Alabama_ - Determined that the
state of Alabama ensure that the vital social institution of marriage be
preserved exactly the way it was 1,000 years ago, the House Constitution and
Elections Committee approved by voice vote a proposed constitutional amendment
to define marriage within Alabama as solely between a man and a woman.  The amendment has previously been approved
by the Senate, and awaited only full-House approval to be placed on the
November general election ballot.  A
proponent of the measure, Rep. Gerald Allen, stated, “The issue is to recognize
how important it is to protect the institution of marriage as it has been known
for 1,000 years.” There was no indication in the Associated Press report of
April 29 quoting Rep. Allen as whether he is proposing to repeal all the other
legal changes to the institution of marriage that have accrued over the past
millenium, such as the concepts that wives and children are the chattels of the
husband, that wives may not file lawsuits in their own names, that persons of
the “white race” could not “intermarry” with persons of the “colored races,” or
that marriage was indissoluble through divorce.
_Arizona_ - Opponents of
same-sex marriage secured easy support in the state’s House of Representatives
a resolution urging the federal Congress to approve a constitutional amendment
banning same-sex marriage, 41-19, but appeared to have fallen one vote short in
the Senate, where the 15-11 tally was insufficient for the percentage necessary
to enact such a measure.  Although the
measure is purely symbolic, proponents seemed unable to shake loose that one
extra vote. _Arizona Republic_, April 13.
_California_ - For the first
time anywhere in the United States, a state legislative committee has actually
approved a proposal to legalize same-sex marriages.  Assemblyman Mark Leno’s proposal was endorsed on April 20 by the
Assembly Judiciary Committee by a strict party-line vote of 8-3.  The measure was co-sponsored by five members
of the committee.  There is no
indication that the Democratic leadership of the Assembly plans to schedule a vote
on this measure.  Gov. Schwarzenegger
famously stated back in August, when asked whether he supported “gay
marriage,”: “No, I do not.  Gay marriage
should be between a man and a woman.”
Difficult, but not, we think, impossible, given the recent political
raprochement between gay men and lesbians in California. . .
_California - Sebastopol_ - The
City Council approved a policy recognizing same-sex unions and giving benefits
to same-sex partners of municipal employees, approving the policy by a 3-0 vote
with two members absent on April 6.
True equality will not be achieved, however, due to tax issues that
cannot be resolved at the municipal level. _Los Angeles Times_, April 8.
_Florida_ - Equality Florida and
the National Center for Lesbian Rights have filed suit in Key West on behalf of
six same-sex couples seeking marriage licenses. _Higgs v. State of
Florida_.  The suit filed on Feb. 14,
Valentine’s Day, contends that the state’s Defense of Marriage Act conflicts
with the state constitution’s guarantee of equality before the law, as well as
due process and privacy protection.  The
lead lawyer is Karen Doering of NCLR, with Key West lawyer Alan Eckstein as
local counsel.  A similar suit was
previously filed by trial lawyer Ellis Rubin in Broward County on behalf of 170
plaintiffs who were mainly recruited to join the case in gay bars. _Miami
Herald_, April 15.
_Kentucky_ - On April 12, the
Kentucky House reversed a prior vote and approved a proposed constitutional
amendment to ban same-sex marriages and civil unions which had already been
approved by the Senate with only slight technical variations.  The Senate moved quickly to approve the
House version on April 13, sending the measure to voters on the November
general election ballot.  The surprise turnabout
in the House came after a stormy private caucus by House Democrats, who had
previously stood firm against the amendment, but evidently concluded that their
continued obstruction could prove fatal at the polls.  A motion to cut short debate brought outraged protest from Rep.
Mary Lou Marzian, a Louisville Democrat, who accused her colleagues of using a
“discouraging and disgusting” tactic, and branded supporters of the measure as
“a bunch of hypocrites,” noting the large number of divorced members in the
House who were now busily promoting the “sanctity” of marriage.  Rep. Kathy Stein, a Lexington Democrat, said
that she was “ashamed to be a member of this body.” Said amendment proponent
Hubie Collins, a Wittensville Democrat, “I’m doing this for my church people,
my Christians and all the people in my district.” The Democrats’ change of
heart was attributed to a lobbying campaign by the American Family Association
that hundreds of letters and emails to legislators, who rarely hear from their
constituents about much of anything.
Kentucky already has a mini-DOMA, but proponents voiced the usual fears
that the radicals on the state supreme court (who, afterall, declared the
sodomy law unconstitutional a while back) might find that Kentucky gays have
the right to marry. _Lexington Herald-Leader_, April 13; _Louisville
Courier-Journal_, April 14.
_Maine_ - On April 28, Governor
John Baldacci signed into law a bill establishing a domestic partnership
registry for unmarried opposite-sex and same-sex couples in that state.  The law takes effect 90 days from
signing.  The actual impact is minimal,
since the only affirmative rights will come under the estates law and the law
governing disposal of remains.  A
registered partner will be treated the same as a spouse for purposes of
intestate succession and elective shares, and will be deemed next-of-kin for
purposes of the right to control disposition of a body.   Any two mentally competent adults who have
lived together for at least 12 months, neither of whom is legally married to or
in a registered partnership with anybody else, and who are willing to state
that they are jointly responsible for each other’s common welfare, can register
as domestic partners.  The bill can be
found on the Maine legislature’s website as LD 1579. _Associated Press_, April
28.
_Maryland - College Park_ - The
College Park City Council voted 6-2 on April 13 to include same-sex domestic
partners in city personnel regulations on health insurance benefits and family
leave. _The Diamondback_ (University of Maryland college newspaper), April 15.
_Massachusetts_ - As the date
neared for the Supreme Judicial Court’s mandate in _Goodridge_ to go into
effect and lawful marriages for same-sex partners to become available in
Massachusetts on May 17, the specter of Chapter 207 of the Massachusetts
General Laws loomed.  Section 11
provides: “No marriage shall be contracted in this commonwealth by a party
residing and intending to continue to reside in another jurisdiction if such
marriage would be void if contracted in such other jurisdiction, and every
marriage contracted in this commonwealth in violation hereof shall be null and
void.” According to Attorney General Reilly, this meant, at least, that couples
who are residents of states that have enacted mini-DOMAs or constitutional
amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage may not marry in Massachusetts.  Governor Mitt Romney took a broader view,
opining that since as of May 17 Massachusetts will be the only state in the
union affording same-sex marriage, no out-of-state U.S. residents will be able
to marry in Massachusetts.  (On April
29, Romney sent letters to the governors and attorneys general of the 49 other
states, inquiring as to the status of same-sex marriage in their states, and
asking to be notified if same-sex couples from their states would be entitled
to get married in Massachusetts consistent with Section 11 of Chapter 207.  Romney indicated that lack of a response
from a state would be taken as an indication that same-sex marriages could not
be performed in those states. _Boston Globe_, April 30.)  Romney indicated that marriage license
applications will be revised to incorporate a specific requirement for proof of
residence and affirmation of where the couple will be living. Around the state,
some clerks had disavowed any obligation to ascertain from marriage license
applicants where they planned to live after marrying, while others were
expressing reservations about issuing licenses.  The _Boston Globe_ reported that Romney’s order to the clerks
would mark a distinct change in state policy; realizing the probable
unconstitutionality of the old law, state officials had long ago instructed
clerks to make any inquiry about applicants residences or future residential
intentions.
A meeting of Justices of the
Peace was convened by the state government, in which they were instructed that
anybody who obtained a valid license was entitled to get married, and that any
JP who was unwilling to perform same-sex marriages should probably resign their
commission.
And Rep. Robert P. Spellane of
Worcester announced that he would introduce a bill in the state legislature to
repeal Chapter 207, which was enacted in 1913 in response to a proposal by the
National Commissioners of Uniform State Laws to harmonize the marriage laws of
the states by making it impossible for residents of states with miscegenation
laws to evade those laws by marrying in states that allowed mixed-race
marriages.  Can a facially neutral law
that was borne out of the same white-supremacy goals that were found to fatally
undermine miscegenation laws under the Due Process Clause now be successfully
challenged in this new context of same-sex marriage?  Since Rep. Spellane’s proposal is unlikely to move forward before
May 17, a court challenge seems the more likely way to get it off the books,
but coming up with a persuasive theory may require some ingenuity.
In the meantime, a bunch of
panicked legislators – thirteen in number – filed a motion with the Supreme
Judicial Court, urging it to reconsider the question whether it had
jurisdiction to decide the marriage question.
The motion, filed for the erstwhile intervenors by the American Center
for Law and Justice, a D.C.-based troublemaking right wing “public interest”
law firm started by Pat Robertson, one of Yale Law School’s most distinguished
alumni (right up there with Gerald Ford, noted judicial homophobe Whizzer
White, and. . . gulp, Bill and Hillary Clinton), regurgitates arguments that
were already brief to the SJC at the appropriate early phases of the case,
according to Mary Bonauto, the _Goodrich_ plaintiffs lawyer.   But hope sprang eternal for Rep. Philip
Travis, one of the intervenors, who characterized the jurisdictional issue as
the “Achilles tendon” of the case.
Arline Isaacson, co-chair of the Massachusetts Gay and Lesbian Political
Causcus, called this latest effort “the equivalent of a legislative temper
tantrum.” _Boston Globe_, just about every issue during the month of April,
2004.
But now a new shock to the
system.  Some within the gay community
who are not so crazy about same-sex marriage have argued that it could lead to
discrimination against unmarried domestic partners.  Sounds prescient now, as the Associated Press reported on April
28 that several major Massachusetts employers that have been providing domestic
partnership benefits are planning to drop such benefits at the end of their
current benefit year.  Any employees who
want benefits for their unmarried partners will just have to marry them.  Since the rationale employed to secure such
benefits in the first place was “equity” and the state’s refusal to let gay
couples marry, the rationale may not exist after May 17.  For example, Beth Israel Hospital, one of
these alert employers, indicated that after May 17 new hires will not be able
to access the domestic partner benefit plan, and existing employees will have
until December 31 to get married if they want to keep their benefits.
_Minnesota_ - Although the
Republican-controlled state House of Representatives voted in March to approve
a proposed constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages, the full Senate
rejected an attempt to bypass its Judiciary Committee and bring the same
measure to the floor for a vote, and subsequently the Judiciary Committee defeated
the proposal.  But on April 28, Sen.
Michele Bachmann asked the Senate Rules Committee to send the House bill
directly to the full Senate for a vote.
Rather than cast a vote on her request, the committee cast a party-line
vote to adjourn, but Sen. Bachmann, the measure’s chief sponsor in that
chamber, vowed to attempt to get it to the floor again before the end of the
session, now scheduled for May 17.
Proponents of the measure have emphasized the vital importance of making
sure that the wild-eyed radicals on the state’s Supreme Court are disempowered
from recognizing same-sex marriages, since the result might be death and
destruction through pestilence and earthquakes. * * * On April 2, the
Minneapolis City Council voted unanimously in support of a resolution opposing
the adoption of constitutional amendments against same-sex marriage.  Mayor R.T. Rybak characterized as
“extroardinarily cynical” the current attempts to outlaw same-sex marriage.
_Minneapolis Star Tribune_, April 3.
_Mississippi_ - Both houses of
the Mississippi legislature agreed to reconcile proposed constitutional
amendments, and one will be on the ballot in November, asking the voters
whether to ban same-sex marriage in the state, including banning recognition of
same-sex marriages performed elsewhere.
Mississippi has had a mini-DOMA on the books since 1997, but supporters
of the amendment asserted that it was a necessary restraint on the wild-eyed,
radical left-wing Mississippi courts that are just straining at the bit to
compel the state to recognize same-sex marriages. _Associated Press_, April
10.  Well, the last part is not really
taken from the Associated Press article, we confess. . .
_Missouri_ - On April 22, the
Missouri House voted 124-19 in support of a proposed constitutional amendment
banning same-sex marriage.  A slightly
different version of the proposed amendment was previously approved by the
Senate.  If the two houses can agree on
the same version of the proposal and send it to the governor, it could be
placed on the November general election ballot, or a special election could be
scheduled.  Proponents said that the
measure was necessary as a restraint on the left-wing Missouri courts that
would surely force the state to recognize same-sex marriages, despite the mini-DOMA
already on the books in this state.
_Montana_ - State Rep. Jeff
Laszloffy, a Laurel Republican, has received initial approval from the
legislature’s chief lawyer, Greg Petesch, for a constitutional amendment
proposed by the Montana Family Foundation to ban same-sex marriage in the
state.  The measure will still require a
written response by Laszloffy to Petesch requirement of minor rewording, and
then must move through a more formal review process before the Foundation can
begin collecting the signatures necessary to put it on the ballot.  Montana has a complicated process, which
will require 41,020 signatures of registered voters, including 10 percent of
voters in at least 28 of the state’s 56 counties.  If this requirement is met by June 18, the measure would be
placed on the general election ballot in November.  Laszloffy said that quick action is necessary before “activist
judges” endorse same-sex marriage in the state.  Presumably, the relatively recent decision by the Montana Supreme
Court to invalidate the state’s sodomy law has contributed to Laszloffy’s
concerns. _The Missoulian_, April 8.
_New Hampshire_ - On April 29,
the House of Representatives approved proposed legislation that would bar the
state from recognizing same-sex marriages performed out of state that could not
be validly performed in state, while allowing for the possibility of civil
unions.  A measure with different
wording was previously passed by thee Senate, which banned same-sex unions and
defined marriage strictly as the union of one man and one woman.  New Hampshire legislators feel under the
gun, because their state borders on Massachusetts, where marriage licenses are
scheduled to become available to same-sex partners on May 17. _Associated
Press_, April 23; _365Gay.com_, April 29.
If New Hampshire courts are confronted with marriage recognition cases
without a stern injunction from the legislature in place, they might actually
lose their minds and require the state to recognize them, and then of course
the sky would fall in, the currency would collapse, and rats would thoroughly
infest the state capitol building.
Neither the Associated Press nor 365Gay.com bear responsibility for the
last comment.
_New Mexico - Albuquerque_ - The
_Albuquerque Journal_ (April 7) reported that the Albuquerque Public Schools
are taking steps to join the city and the University of New Mexico in providing
domestic partner benefits to employees.
The district’s policy committee voted 2-1 on April 6 to rewrite the
employee benefits policy to include domestic partner coverage, which would then
have to be approved by the full school board.
The intent is to cover common-law heterosexual couples as well as gay,
lesbian, and transgender couples.
_North Carolina - Chapel Hill_ -
The Town Council in Chapel Hill, home of the University of North Carolina,
voted unanimously on April 14 to ask the state legislature to repeal the
state’s mini-DOMA.  Chapel Hill would
like to be able to recognize same-sex marriages contracted elsewhere, even if
they cannot issue licenses to same-sex couples in the town, but the state law
stands in the way.  There is some
question whether the state legislators who represent the area will even
introduce a repeal measure when the legislature reconvenes. _WRAL-TV_, April 15.
_Ohio_ - Concerned that the
state of Ohio, which recently passed a law forbidding same-sex marriages, is
not doing enough to save its citizens from this deadly scourge, Cincinnati
attorney David R. Langdon has filed a petition with Ohio Attorney General Jim
Petro to amend the state constitution to ban same-sex marriages. The proposed
amendment reads: “Only a union between one man and one woman may be a marriage
valid in or recognized by this state and its political subdivisions.  This state and its political subdivisions
shall not create or recognize a legal status for relationships of unmarried
individuals that intends to approximate the design, qualities, significance or
effect of marriage.” Langdon has worked in the past with an anti-gay group
called Citizens for Community Values, who apparently espouse the view that
being anti-gay is a “community value” in Cincinnati.  If the attorney general approves the proposal for form, Langdon
and his group can begin gathering signatures.
There is no official deadline for the Attorney General to conclude his
process.  If the measure is to qualify
for the November 2004 ballot, Langdon must collect 322,900 valid signatures
from registered voters by August 4.
Langdon said that the measure is necessary because “we have a runaway
judiciary in a number of states.” _Gay People’s Chronicle_, Cleveland, April
23.
_Oklahoma_ - Oklahoma voters
will face a ballot question this fall asking whether they want to amend their
state constitution to establish the definition of marriage as the union of one
man and one woman, to bar recognition of same-sex marriages performed outside
Oklahoma, and to make it a misdemeanor for an Oklahoma official to issue a
marriage license to a same-sex couple.
The measure passed the House by a vote of 92-4 on April 22, after having
passed the Senate on a vote of 38-7 the previous week.  Oklahoma law already prohibits same-sex
marriage, but proponents of the constitutional amendment say it is necessary as
a restraint on the left-wing Oklahoma courts which are sure to find that the
state is compelled to recognize same-sex marriages from out-of-state and to
issue licenses to same-sex couples in-state. _Associated Press_, April 23.
_Oregon_ - Having been ordered
by a state trial judge to confront the issue of equal rights for same-sex
partners within 90 days of the commencement of their next regular or special
session (see above), Oregon legislators were polled by _The Oregonian_, the
state’s leading daily newspaper, to determine their present attitudes on the
question.  According to the survey
results, reported on April 30, most Republicans in the legislature favor
amending the state constitution to ban same-sex marriages, a measure for which
only one Democrat expressed tentative support.
A third of the legislators favored establishing civil unions for
same-sex partners, one-third responded that they were undecided, and the
remaining third was about evenly split between those supporting either full
marriage rights or no recognition whatsoever.
The survey managed to elicit responses from 83 of the 90 legislators (30
senators and 60 representatives).
_Pennsylvania_ - The governing
board of the State System of Higher Education voted to approve a new four-year
contract for professors at the 14 state-owned universities, which had
previously been ratified by the faculty union members.  The new contract for the first time
authorized family leave and sick leave for members to care for domestic
partners, regardless of sexual orientation.
The inclusion of this provision brought the only dissenting vote on the
governing board, from state Rep. Matthew Baker, citing a state law that defines
marriage as a contract between a man and a woman.  The new contract took effect on April 8. _Centre Daily Times_,
April 9.
_Tennessee_ - The House Finance
Committee has approved a proposed constitutional amendment banning recognition
of same-sex marriages, even though a parallel bill was narrowly defeated in the
Senate Judiciary Committee.  A House
sponsor said he would push the measure to the floor in hopes that House passage
could lead to its revival in the Senate. Although Tennessee already has a
mini-DOMA, legislative proponents claimed the measure is necessary to disable
the radical state Supreme Court from imposing same-sex marriage on an unwilling
state. _Knoxville News-Sentinel_, April 22; _The Tennessean_, April 28.
_Virginia_ - Not content to
maintain its unconstitutional sodomy law in place, the Virginia legislature
rejected an attempt by Governor Mark Warner to moderate H.B. 715, a bill that
would ban same-sex marriage and civil unions.
On April 21, both the House and the Senate passed the measure by
veto-proof margins.  According to an _Associated
Press_ report, the measure is “one of the most restrictive in the country.  There were predictions that a court
challenge would come, as the bill might be used to place restrictions on joint
bank accounts, wills, medical directives and powers of attorney, and any other
document intended to empower same-sex partners in the state.
_Washington - Seattle_ - The
City Council unanimously approved a measure extending municipal employee and
volunteer benefits to married same-sex couples, thus reducing the paperwork
required of couples entitled to domestic partnership benefits under city
policies in effect since 1989.  Although
same-sex marriage is not yet available in Washington State, many couples have
gone up to Canada to get married, and the new measures guarantee that they can
qualify for city benefits by simply presenting proof of their marriages,
without any need to fill out the domestic partnership forms that would
otherwise be required.  Given the city’s
benefit policies, the result is more symbolic than substantive. “What we can do
at our level is offer people who are married the same rights and protections
everyone else has,” said openly-gay Council member Tom Rasmussen.  In addition to various employee benefits,
the measure will recognize such marriages for purposes of transfer of business
licenses when a spouse dies and legal defense for same-sex spouses of city
volunteers. _Associated Press_, April 13.
[A note on these state
constitutional amendment proposals: Their proponents are arguing that they are
necessary, even in states that have enacted legislative bans on same-sex
marriage, to disempower the state courts from imposing same-sex marriage on an
unwilling polity.  While these arguments
may seem implausible in some of the extraordinarily conservative states – with
usually reliably conservative courts – in which they are being made, it is well
to note that since the 1993 Hawaii Supreme Court decision in _Baehr v. Lewin_,
there has been a small but growing body of rulings by state appellate courts
finding that traditional marriage laws violate the state constitutional rights
of same-sex partners, and as yet no ruling by the highest appellate court of a
state to the contrary.  And it is
likely, of course, that a state anti-marriage statute would prove no barrier to
a court that finds a constitutional right at issue, and that civilization as we
know it would end (as it may in Massachusetts on May 17) if same-sex marriages
were recognized or performed in any state.
Whether the new version of civilization that emerges would be inferior
or superior to the one now prevailing is unclear at this time, but same-sex
marriage opponents are urgently opposed to making the experiment.]  A.S.L.
Marriage & Partner
Recognition Social Developments
_New York_ - Anticipating the
pending vote in May on a proposed ordinance in New York City that would require
city contractors to extend their employee benefits programs to domestic
partners of employees, an official at Agudath Israel of America, an Orthodox
Jewish organization seen as the “flagship” of Modern Orthodoxy, according to an
April 30 article in _The Forward_ (a Jewish publication), has stated that the
organization is prepared to provide benefits for same-sex partners if necessary
to preserve its city contracts to provide various social services.  Recognizing the problems posed for religious
contractors who provide vital services, the sponsors of the ordinance have
included provisions, similar to those enacted in San Francisco, to make it
possible for such organizations to avoid providing direct recognition to
relationships contrary to their religious tenets by providing the euphemism of
a “household member” category that would not require disclosing the nature of
the relationship of the individual to the employee, so long as they are a
household member of the employee. A.S.L.
The Lord of One Boy’s Pants
In _People v. Gavan_, 2004 WL 817178 (Cal.App. 4 Dist. April 14,
2004), Sean Joseph Kennedy Gavan appealed his conviction for a lewd and
lascivious act on a 15 year old boy, described by the court as an “emotionally
needy, if not somewhat neglected, young man” (a description not inconsistent
with his dedication to traditional Irish dance).  The Fourth District Court of Appeal, California, affirmed the
conviction, rejecting Gavan’s claim of insufficient evidence, and an abuse of
discretion by the trial court in denying his motion to reduce the conviction
from a felony to a misdemeanor.
The unnamed victim in this case
was a 15-year-old boy, and a student in Gavan’s Irish dance class. (Gavan
himself was from Scotland). On the night of December 15, 2000, at Gavan’s
invitation, the victim, two of Gavan’s female students and the mother of one
student were staying at Gavan’s two-bedroom condo in Riverside County. The
girls slept in Gavan's upstairs guest room, the mother slept on a downstairs
couch, and the victim slept in the bed with Gavan. The court asserted that
there was no need for this sleeping arrangement, insofar as “Gavan had enough
extra bedding to permit the victim to sleep on the carpeted floor” although the
nature of this “extra bedding is unclear” (perhaps it’s more clear in
California). At some point during the night, the victim had trouble falling
asleep, prompting Gavan to give him two Tylenol PM's. The court also observed
that Gavan suggested that the victim remove the top of his sweat suit, because
the room was too warm, although the court was rather vague as to the sequence
of events that night.
In any event, it seems clear
that the victim could not sleep, and at some point in the night, Gavan placed
his right hand on the victim's knee, and moved his hand “in a circular
fashion.” The court goes on to describe, in painstaking detail, the further
physical contact, but presumably, the real trouble began when Gavan is said to
have put his hand on the victim’s “right testicle … and played with it.”  The victim pushed Gavan’s hand away, and
that seems to have been the end of it, although the court’s opinion doesn’t
mention what, if anything happened after this rather serious incident. Gavan
seems to have disputed the entire account, or at least the substance of it,
claiming a lack of evidence. The court rejected this claim in a footnote,
suggesting, quite reasonably, that there could never be physical evidence in
such a case. Gavan denied having done anything wrong, but allowed that he might
have mistakenly done something to the victim, but if so, only to placate the
victim, whom he accused of telling six different versions of the crime.
After the December incident, the
victim continued taking Gavan’s class, and spent a month in Scotland and
Ireland traveling with Gavan for various dance competitions. During those
competitions, the victim stayed in Gavan's partner's home, with both men, and
in a motel room alone with Gavan, all without further incident. The victim said
nothing to Gavan or anyone else until the fall of 2001, when he told two female
friends and, later, his parents. When his parents went to the police, the
victim explained that he had remained silent out of fear he would jeopardize
his dance career.
On October 4, 2001, the victim
spoke to Gavan on the phone, while the police secretly taped the conversation.
The conversation seems to have gone on quite awhile, without being clearly
exculpatory or incriminating, if only because of the court’s inconsistent use
of quotations. However, after what appears to have been a rather prolonged
conversation, consisting mostly of accusations and demands for an apology, the
victim finally said: “So, you grabbed my testicles because you thought I was
[your partner]?”  Gavan replied, “When
... you get into a relationship yourself, you'll find out things that you do
that you're not even aware of, just comfort things.” The court found this
exchange probative of Gavan’s guilt, because “in the face of constant
accusations by the victim throughout the phone conversations, Gavan never once
denied inappropriately touching the victim and he responded to all the
accusations as though they were true.”
The court also considered
evidence of Gavan’s relationship with his partner in determining Gavan’s guilt
with the 15 year old, because apparently, Gavan and his partner did not engage
in sexual relations, nor did Gavan habitually touch his partner while in bed.
Ultimately, however, it was the phone conversation the court found most
compelling, and which made it impossible for either court to upset the jury’s
decision at trial.
The court denied a motion to
reduce the conviction to a misdemeanor, saying, in part, " There was ...
extremely poor judgment exhibited by having a young man in [Gavan's] bed....
One might call it extreme stupidity.” The court placed great weight on the fact
that Gavan had not yet taken responsibility, saying that there had been “huge
consequences for [the victim] too from [Gavan's] failure to do this.” The trial
court, quoted at length by the Court of Appeal, went on to discuss the
“devastating impact” that the incident had on the victim. The nature of these
consequences does not seem to have been discussed, while apparently substantial
character evidence in Gavan’s behalf seems to have been given short shrift.
_Joseph Griffin_
Ohio Appeals Court Says Same-Sex
Cohabitation Not Grounds for Terminating Spousal Support Payments
An ex-wife’s cohabitation with
another woman in a lesbian relationship does not justify terminating the
spousal support payments due to her under the terms of her divorce judgment,
according to a unanimous 11th District Court of Appeals of Ohio,
ruling in _Yaeger v. Yaeger_, 2004 WL 833187 (April 23, 2004) (not reported in
N.E.2d).
When the Yaegers divorced, the
bulk of Mr. Yaeger’s financial obligation was toward support of his high-school
age child, while Mrs. Yaeger was to receive $500 per month in spousal
support.  However, the judgment entry
provided: “Upon the minor child graduation from High School, Husband shall pay
to Wife for spousal support $1,500.00 per month, for 72 consecutive months, or
sooner upon Wife death, remarriage or assuming a status thereto, by wage
attachment through the Geauga County Child Support Enforcement Division
(CSED).” (One assumes that the lawyer who drafted that language graduated from
a law school that lacked a legal writing program.)  There was also a hand-written notation that “this court shall not
retain jurisdiction to modify.”
When Mr. Yaeger learned that his
wife was cohabiting with another woman, he moved the court to be relieved of
his remaining support obligation.  The
Common Pleas court magistrate denied the motion, first finding that it had no
jurisdiction to “modify” the support award because of the hand-written
notation, but also reasoning that as Ohio did not permit same-sex marriage,
Mrs. Yaeger “could not have assumed a status thereto.”
Most of the appeal court’s
opinion relates to Mrs. Yaeger’s argument that the hand-written notation
deprived the court of jurisdiction to terminate her support, which the court
rejected, finding that Mr. Yaeger was not seeking a modification, but rather
the enforcement of a condition spelled out in the judgment.  But the court agreed with the magistrate
that the condition for termination had not been triggered, in an opinion by
Judge William J. O’Neill.
After quoting the operative
language from the divorce judgment, O’Neill commented: “Appellee was not dead.
Nor was she remarried.  Thus, the only
way for the support to terminate is if she was “assuming a status thereto.” The
trial court observed that it appeared there was a word missing from the phrase
“assuming a status thereto.” It was unsure if this word was ‘similar’ or
‘identical.’  The court found that it
did not matter because, even if the word was ‘similar,’ there was no evidence
presented that appellee assumed a status similar to marriage.”
After expressing some bafflement
as to the meaning of the phrase “assuming a status [similar] thereto,” the
court found that the facts to which Mrs. Yaeger stipulated in her evidence at
trial amounted to “living with another woman, that she was sharing a checking
account and expenses with this woman, and that she had a sexual relationship
with this woman.  There was no evidence
that she took upon herself a legal character or condition similar to
remarriage.  In addition, as stated by
the Fourth Appellate District [in a different case], ‘we cannot find that
cohabitation equates to marriage.’ We agree.” O’Neill also asserted that if the
parties had intended subsequent cohabitation to trigger termination of spousal
support, they could certainly have said so directly.
The court ordered that the
effect of the trial court’s ruling be affirmed, but that it be modified to
state that the motion was denied not for lack of jurisdiction but because there
was no evidence that the conditions spelled out for termination of the support
obligation had occurred.  A.S.L.
Civil Litigation Notes
_Federal - California_ - In a
further ruling on lease arrangements between the city of San Diego and the
local unit of the Boy Scouts of America, U.S. District Judge Napoleon Jones,
Jr., has ruled in _Barnes-Wallace v. Boy Scouts of America_ (U.S.Dist.Ct., S.D.
Cal., April 14, 2004), that the city of San Diego must terminate a sweetheart
lease for the Boy Scouts’ free use of the aquatic parkland on city-owned Fiesta
Island in order to avoid potential constitutional liability for leasing to a
discriminatory organization.  The
lawsuit was brought by the ACLU of San Diego and Imperial Counties, with
cooperating attorneys from Stock Stephens LP and Morrison & Foerster
(representing a co-plaintiff).  The
ACLU’s plaintiffs are a lesbian couple whose son is excluded from participating
in the Boy Scouts, while the co-plaintiff is an agnostic couples whose son is
unwilling to affirm belief in God required by the Scout oath.  The court found that it would be
unconstitutional for the city to give exclusive rights to public parkland to an
organization that would exclude these boys from membership based on their
parents’ sexual orientation or their religious beliefs.
_Federal - Colorado_ - A
unanimous 10th Circuit panel rejected constitutional and statutory
employment discrimination claims brought by Robert Doerr against the Colorado
Division of Youth Services and several of that agency’s senior staff members.
_Doerr v. Colorado Div. Of Youth Servs._, 2004 WL 838197 (10th Cir.,
April 20, 2004) (not selected for publication in F.3d).  Doerr claimed that he was subjected to
hostile environment sexual harassment by co-workers based on their perception
of him as being gay.  He filed a formal
complaint, then asked the employer to hold any investigation in abeyance for
several months.  Once the investigation
resumed, the employer found that some co-workers behaved inappropriately
towards Doerr and issued a directive to all employees to cease conversations
regarding any employee’s sexual orientation or any other sexual issues during
work.  Noneless, when a management
official told Doerr a few months later that some employees had complained about
his behavior and “interpersonal communication,” Doerr took ill, obtained
extended sick leave, and did not return to work at the end of his leave.  Instead he filed suit claiming that his
constitutional rights were violated and that he was the victim of unlawful
retaliation.  The trial court dismissed
the case on motion, and the court of appeals concurred with this disposition,
finding that the employer had reacted appropriately to Doerr’s complaint, and
that there was no evidence of retaliation.
Furthermore, the court found that the named defendants seemed to have
played no role in any of Doerr’s workplace problems, so the actions against
them would have to be dismissed in any event.
_Minnesota_ - In _Katz v.
Municipal Parking, Inc._, 2004 WL 835719 (Minn. App., April 20, 2004), a
parking attendant with a miserable employment record contested the denial of
unemployment benefits after his discharge.
One of the reasons he was fired, and apparently the straw that broke the
camel’s back, was his practice of drawing pictures and decorating tennis balls
with racist and homophobic illustrations, which he would then leave around in
the workplace.  Other employees and
customers were offended by this and complained.  The court had little trouble determining that this, taken
together with the rest of his sorry work record, including tardiness, sleeping
on the job, and leaving his post unattended, was sufficient to support the
determination that we was fired for misconduct and consequently not entitled to
unemployment insurance benefits.
_Minnesota_ - _Minnesota Lawyer_
(April 19) reported that the Minnesota Department of Human Rights has announced
a $78,750 settlement on sexual orientation discrimination and harassment
charges brought by Jeffrey Davis against two St. Paul Blockbuster video
stores.  Davis claimed ongoing anti-gay
harassment while working at these stores, and no help from management in dealing
with the problem.  Indeed, the agency found
probable cause on both discrimination and retaliation charges.  The settlement includes Blockbuster’s
agreement to provide appropriate training for store managers, although as usual
in these settlement rituals, the company denied any wrongdoing while forking
out the money.
_New Jersey_ - The Appellate
Division of New Jersey’s Superior Court has upheld a jury verdict rejecting a
same-sex harassment charge but sustaining a charge of retaliation by the
company against the individual who had raised the harassment claim. _Kluczyk v.
Tropicana Products, Inc._, 2004 WL 894011 (April 28, 2004).  Tadeusz Kluczyk, a Polish immigrant worker,
had claimed that he was being subjected to a sexually hostile environment,
based on co-workers calling him “homosexual names” and simulating “homosexual
acts” in his presence.  He complained
and was reassigned to a different work station.  No employees were disciplined for their actions.  He was discouraged by the company from
hiring a lawyer or pushing his claims further.
He believed that the mistreatment was continuing at his new assignment,
and eventually quit a result of emotional distress, alleging both
discrimination and retaliation.  The
jury determined that he was suffering harassment based on his sex, but that it
was not severe or pervasive enough to meet the standard set by New Jersey law
for a violation, but on the other hand the jury concluded that he had suffered
unlawful retaliation from the company for raising these issues.  The jury awarded damages, supplemented by
the trial judge with a fee award, aggregating $816,815.79.  Presiding Judge Stern of the Appellate
Division found that the trial record provided adequate support for the jury
verdict, and there was no error in the charges to the jury that had been questioned
on appeal by Tropicana.
_New York_ - Natalie Young, a
New York City high school student in Ozone Park, who was suspended from school
for wearing a t-shirt that said “Barbie is a Lesbian,” has won a $30,000
settlement in her lawsuit against the City of New York.  Represented by civil rights lawyer Ron Kuby,
Young also won adoption of a dress code by the Department of Education that
allows politically charged attire, provided the clothing is not libelous,
obscene, or causing substantial disorder in the school.  The city’s assistant corporation counsel on
the case, Donna M. Kasbohm, stated that the city believed that resolution of
the case without protracted litigation was “appropriate.” Two-thirds of the
settlement goes into a college fund for Natalie; the remaining third covers
Kuby’s fees and includes some money to go to gay and lesbian charitable
organizations. _Young v. City of New York_. _Newsday_, April 2.
_North Carolina_ - Queer Eye for
Hunt High Strikes Out in Court!  Jarred
Gamwell, an out gay 11th grader at James B. Hunt High School in
Wilson, North Carolina, had a brilliant idea for his campaign for student body
president.  He made up one campaign
poster headlined “Queer Eye for Hunt High” and another reading “Gay Guys Know
Everything.” But the Hunt High principal, Bob Williamson, did not have a sense
of humor and ordered the signs taken down, calling them inappropriate.  Jarred called the ACLU, which sought
emergency injunctive relief so that he could get his posters back up before the
election.  But Wilson County Superior
Court Judge Dwight Cranford would not play along with this 1st
Amendment ploy, issuing a curt rejection of the lawsuit (without written
opinion) almost immediately after hearing arguments.  And Jarred lost the election.
But in the long run he believes he will be a winner: “I feel like I won,
even though I didn’t,” he said to reporters. “Even though it doesn’t put me in
an ideal position, I’m still going to hope that there will be changes.” Next
year, when he is a senior, Gamwell plans to start a Gay/Straight Alliance at
the school, so the fireworks will continue.
In the meantime, his ACLU lawyers let him know that the producers of
“Queer Eye for the Straight Guy” had been following the case, but he expressed
no interest in a guest slot on the show: “I don’t need a makeover,” he said. “I
think the principal does, though.” Jarred sounds pretty fabulous to us already.
_Raleigh News & Observer_, April 28 & 29.
_Vermont_ – Gay & Lesbian
Advocates & Defenders has won a settlement of a transgender discrimination
claim brought on behalf of police officer Anthony Barreto-Neto against the Town
of Hardwick.  The settlement came after
Attorney General William H. Sorrell ruled that the Vermont civil rights law
protects transgendered people from discrimination. _GLAD Press Release_, April
23, 2004. A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_California_ - In _People v.
Duntley_, 2004 WL 810003 (Cal. App., 4th Dist., April 15, 2004) (not
officially published), the court upheld a voluntary manslaughter conviction and
eleven-year prison sentence for the unfortunately-named Aryan Duntley, who was
convicted for killing his employer, a gay crackhead porn website
entrepreneur.  (We’re not making this
up, you know. . .)  According to
Duntley, who maintains that he is not gay, the boss just kept coming on to him
aggressively, despite his polite rejections, and finally, infuriated and
wielding a crowbar, Duntley cracked when his boss, David Ferris, observed that
“he was cute when he was mad.” The crowbar was liberally applied, then Duntley
wrapped the body in hotel bedding (they happened to be in a hotel room at the
time) and put a bag over Ferris’s head to prevent blood from spilling, and put
the body in the back of Ferris’s Ford Explorer, and started driving to
Mexico.  He drove with his headlights
off to avoid detection, not understanding that driving with one’s headlights
off at night is likely to get a police officer to stop you, and the expected
happened, leading to his eventual apprehension after he crashed the Explorer
into a fence to escape a police cruiser and was discovered cowering in the
nearby woods after police officers discovered Ferris’s body in the abandoned
vehicle.  When the jury convicted on
voluntary manslaughter, the judge sentenced Duntley to the maximum for the
offense.  He tried to appeal the
verdict, but was unsuccessful, despite some inconsistency between the verdict
sheet and what was announced in court, which the appeals court resolved in support
of the verdict.  The appeal court also
rejected Duntley’s argument that the trial judge had given inadequate weight to
mitigating factors. A.S.L.
State & Local Legislative
Notes:
_Colorado_ - The House Judiciary
Committee voted 8-3 on April 27 against a motion to impeach Denver District Judge
John Coughlin which was being pushed by Rep. Greg Brophy.  Brophy was incensed by Coughlin’s ruling in
a custody dispute between a former lesbian couple barring the member of the
couple who has repented and become a “Christian” from exposing their child to
any homophobic religious teachings as a way of alienating her from her other
mother.  The decision is currently on
appeal.  The Republican governor and
Senate leader have both expressed opposition to using impeachment in this way,
and two Republicans on the committee joined forces with all the Democrats to
vote down the motion. _Denver Post_, April 29.
_Iowa_ - Bigotry lives in the
Iowa Senate.  Governor Tom Vilsack had
nominated Jonathan Wilson, an openly gay lawyer who had served on the Des
Moines school board with distinction for twelve years until he lost a
re-election campaign after being outed by his opponent, to be a member of the
state school board, but Republicans and conservative Democrats in the Senate
combined to deny him the necessary two-thirds vote for confirmation.  Said Sen. Matt McCoy, “We have the most
qualified candidate that we have ever had.
Yet he is being taken apart by rumor, innuendo, hatred and bigotry and a
sense that he’s not good enough to serve Iowa because he has a different sexual
orientation.” Republic Sen. Nancy Boettger, Chair of the Education Committee,
who opposed the nomination, said she had received several letters from voters
opposing confirmation: “They don’t want any hint of pushing the gay lifestyle
through our school system.” _Miami Herald_, April 16.
_Michigan_ - On April 21 the
Republican-controlled Michigan House of Representatives passed a collection of
bills intended to excuse health care providers, both institutions and
individual professionals, from having to provide procedures or treatment when
they have ethical, moral or religious grounds for objecting.  The so-called “Conscientious Objector Policy
Act” is aimed primarily at relieving health care workers from any obligation –
other than emergency situations – to provide abortion services, but floor
debate made clear that health care workers or institutions with such objections
to providing services to lesbians, gays and transsexuals could also find succor
in this legislation.  One hopes saner
heads will prevail in the Senate, as it seems unlikely that a measure
authorizing discrimination in provision of health care on this basis would
withstand judicial review.
_North Carolina - Raleigh_ -
Voting 5-3 on April 6, the Raleigh City Council resolved to revise the Human
Resources and Human Relations Advisory Commission’s mission statement to
include sexual orientation discrimination within its mandate, thus allowing the
Commission to advocate on behalf of persons who suffer discrimination on this
basis.  The vote confirmed a tentative
approval of the proposal at a March 16 Council meeting.  The vote split strictly along party lines,
with the Democrats in the majority.  The
Council also voted to add disability, marital status, and economic status to
the mission statement, changed the name of the agency to Human Relations
Commission, and reduced its membership from 18 to 13.  The city had added sexual orientation to its non-discrimination
policy in 1988, but had failed at that time to empower the Commission to do
anything about such discrimination. _Raleigh News & Observer_, April 7.
_Oklahoma_ - Oklahoma law
presently forbids same-sex couples from adopting children, but what if an
Oklahoma-born child is adopted out of state and a request is made that a birth
certificate be issued with his or her new surname and listing the new legal
parents, as is customary after adoptions?
As far as some Oklahoma legislators are concerned, the anti-gay purity
of their law should not be sullied by the issuance of such a birth certificate.  On April 12, the state Senate unanimously
approved an amendment to pending adoption legislation providing that birth
certificates for Oklahoma-born children adopted outside the state by same-sex
couples can only carry the name of one parent.
The bill still faces consideration in the House.  Attorney General Drew Edmondson had
previously issued an opinion to the state Health Department that it could not
issue a birth certificate to an out-of-state gay couple who had adopted an
Oklahoma child that carried the name of both parents.  The amendment, which was proposed by Senate Republican leader
James Williamson, from Tulsa, provides: “This state shall not recognize an
adoption by more than one individual of the same sex from any other state or
foreign jurisdiction.” In a colloquy on the floor of the Senate, Sen. Bernest
Cain, a Democrat from Oklahoma City, asked, “Why restrict a child from having a
legitimate birth certificate because you are prejudiced?” Williamson’s response
was that it would be worse to make a child go through life with a birth
certificate naming two people of the same sex as its parents.  The amendment was adopted by a vote of 40-5;
all the dissenters were Democrats.  This
measure blatantly violates the state’s obligations under the Full Faith and
Credit Clause of the federal constitution, since adoption is a court order.
_Daily Oklahoman_, April 13.  A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
A _Los Angeles Times_ poll
(April 11) uncovered the startling news that more than 30% of American adults
do not know anybody who is gay and would be troubled if their elementary-school
age child had a gay teacher.  40%
displayed lack of sympathy for the gay community.  Of course, in reporting on its poll, the pollyana-ish _Times_
reversed those figures and exclaimed excitedly that “Stigma Against Gays” was
“Fading,” since almost 70% of Americans know somebody who is gay and would not
be troubled by a gay person teaching their children, and so on.  The poll, to the surprise of nobody, found
that among younger adults in the 18-29 age group, 71% said that legal
recognition of same-sex marriage is “inevitable.” People in that age group were
said to be four more times likely to support same-sex marriage than their
elders.  The national poll, which was
said to have a margin of error of about 3 percentage points, also found that
61% would hold up gay people as role models for their children, which must
sound dismaying to the activists who like to emphasize how radical gay people
can be.  Those “Queer Eye” boys have a
lot to answer for! Oh, for the anti-militarists, be assured that 70% think that
the military should not be discharging people just because they are gay.  We would like to know: Who are they asking
these questions, and why were we never called for our opinion?
California’s Superintendent of
Public Instruction, Jack O’Connell, announced that he had “reluctantly” agreed
to recognize the Westminster School District’s compliance with a new state law
that requires school districts to allow their employees and students to define
their own gender as part of prohibiting discrimination based on gender and
gender identity.  All the other school
districts in the state complied by incorporating the statutory language into
their non-discrimination policies.  But
the Westminster district, comprising three Christian fundamentalists, refused
to accept the notion of individuals defining their own gender, refused to be
complicit with a “transsexual agenda,” and adopted a substitute policy under
which a person’s gender is defined as their biological sex or, in the case of
discrimination, what it was perceived to be by the alleged discriminator.  The schools chief decided this was adequate
compliance for purposes of continued state funding of the district.  Failure to comply would have cost the
district about $8 million in state financial assistance, with a devastating
effect on the educational programs for the district’s children. _Los Angeles
Times_, April 20.
What do fundamentalist
Christians and Muslims share with members of the Mafia?  A strong belief that those who commit sodomy
should be put to death.  According to an
April 29 report in the _New York Daily News_, Vincent (Vinnie Ocean) Palermo,
testifying in the trial of alleged Genovese family mobster Federico (Fritzy) Giovanelli
in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, stated that
the penalty in the Mafia for committing sodomy is death.  Palermo testified that he ordered the 1992
killing of one John D’Amato, a boss in the DeCavalcante family, when he began
hearing “a lot of different rumors” about D’Amato’s sexuality.  Palermo testified that he ordered the “hit”
after another organized crime participant told him that D’Amato’s girlfriend
had said that he had once performed oral sex on another man at a swinger’s
club.
According to a survey undertaken
by Equality Forum, a Philadelphia group, in collaboration with the National Gay
and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce and its Canadian counterpart, reported in the
_Philadelphia Daily News_ on April 29, an additional 66 companies on the
Fortune 500 list have added “sexual orientation” to their non-discrimination
policies since last fall, when the organizations began a letter-writing
campaign to those companies on the Fortune list that had not previously included
this category in their EEOC statements.
By their count, 389 out of the Fortune 500 now ban discrimination
against gay and lesbian employees and applicants, and about half of those also
have domestic partnership benefit programs. A.S.L.
International Notes
_Australia_ - The _Sunday
Sun-Herald_ in Sydney reports that Senator Brian Greig has finally won the
right to have his same-sex partner treated as a spouse for purposes of
parliamentary travel entitlements.  The
Remuneration Tribunal ruled that Greig’s partner of 18 years, Keith Mackenzie,
who is also a member of Greig’s personal office staff, could be recognized both
as a staff member and a family for purposes of travel entitlements.  Other members of parliament can routinely
bring along spouses on official travel at government expense, so why not Greig?
(April 25).
_Australia_ - _The Age_ reported
on April 14 that Australian Family Court Chief Justice Alastair Nicholson has
issued a landmark judgment authorizing medical procedures for a 13-year-old who
wants gender reassignment from female to male.
The order authorizes oestrogen and progestogen treatment to begin, which
will be supplemented by testosterone treatment at 16 years, which will allow
the child, identified in court papers as “Alex,” to experience the changes of
voice, facial and body hair, and muscular development attendant on male
adolescence.  According to the news
report, Alex, who is estranged with his mother and lives with his aunt (his
father has died), has the support of his aunt and his school in his wish for a
physical and legal change of gender. The matter came to court after Alex began
to develop suicidal and self-harm tendencies on beginning female puberty.  Wrote Justice Nicholson, in an
extraordinarily empathetic opinion, “The evidence speaks with one voice as to
the distress that Alex is genuinely suffering in a body which feels alien to
him and disgusts him, particularly due to menstruation.  It is also consistent as to his unwavering
and profound wish to present as the male he feels himself to be.” Justice
Nicholson authorized a change of name on Alex’s birth certificate, and stated
that Alex would be eligible for surgery at age 18.  There was some controversy among gender activists in Australia
about whether it was premature for a 13-year-old’s decision on gender identity
to be followed by these concrete measures.
_Canada_ - On April 28 the
Senate voted to pass a law banning hate propaganda targeting gays and
lesbians.  The vote was 59-11 to amend
the country’s 30-year-old hate crime law to add the category of “sexual
orientation.” The bill’s principal sponsor was Svend Robinson, the nation’s
first openly-gay MP, who is currently on a medical leave after having been
caught in a shop-lifting incident.  A
special prosecutor is considering whether to bring charges, in light of a
doctor’s orders that Robinson abstain from political activity for psychological
treatment.    The measure will become
law after the procedural process of attaining royal assent, which is expected
to follow without difficulty – a last vestige of Canada’s former status as a
British colony. _Toronto Star_, April 29.
_France_ - Noel Mamere, a Green
Party member who is mayor of Begles, a suburb of Bourdeaux, announced that he
would conduct a same-sex wedding on June 5, the first to be recorded in
France.  Asserting that there is
“nothing extraordinary about marrying two people of the same sex in the
European Union” because they are already doing it in Belgium and the
Netherlands, Begle asserted that gay folk “are the last category of French
people who are banned from getting married,” and asserted that there was no
specific provision in French law to prevent him from performing the
ceremony.  French law already includes
the pact civile, a sort of civil union that falls short of the full panoply of
rights and responsibilities that accompany marriage, and that has proven
popular among unmarried opposite-sex couples as well as same-sex couples.  In France, couples must undergo a civil
ceremony for their marriage to be legal, although many then go on to have a
religious ceremony as well. _Reuters_, April 22.   However, France’s Justice Minister, Dominique Perben, said on
April 28 that the planned wedding “will be entirely and simply null, since it
is contrary to the state of law,” according to a report by _Agence France
Presse_.  Perben also said that public
prosecutors would seek to prevent the marriage from taking place or would seek
a legal declaration that it is a nullity after the fact.    The Green Party reacted swiftly, releasing
the following statement: “The virulence of Perben’s remarks reveals the
particularly backward and stunted views of the UMP party concerning necessary
social advances.” Openly gay Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe is not supporting
Mamere’s efforts, stating that the marriage question is “a little bit less
urgent than the question of parenting.”
_Germany_ - A ruling of the
federal labor court during the last week of April holds that public employers
must pay the same location allowances to same-sex couples who have registered
their partnership under the recent federal law as are provided to traditionally
married opposite-sex couples.  Accepting
that a registered partnership created a family status, the court found no
difference between such a partnership and a marriage when it came to
remuneration in public employment.  The
case was brought by a male nurse who claimed the higher location allowances
paid to his married colleagues, according to a report on the decision in
_Expatica_, a Dutch publication, on April 30.
_Italy_ - The Statute Commission
of the Regional Council of Tuscany has revised local laws to ban sexual
orientation discrimination and provide official recognition to same-sex
couples, according to the English translation of a report posted to the
Internet on April 7 by the Italian Journalistic Agency.
_New Zealand_ - Auckland Family
Court Judge Sarah Fleming has awarded shared guardianship to a gay Sydney man
who donated sperm to a lesbian couple in Australia for donor insemination.  According to Australian press reports, the
child was conceived under an agreement between a gay male couple and a lesbian
couple.  After the baby was born, the
couples had a “falling out” and the women moved to Auckland, refusing the men
access to the child, who is now two years old.
Two cases were brought to the court, one by the lesbian co-parent
seeking joint custody and guardianship with her partner, the other by the sperm
donor, also seeking custody and guardianship, or at least a visitation order.  Judge Fleming awarded joint custody to the
lesbian couple, but awarded the sperm donor shared guardianship with the
biological mother.  She also awarded the
men monthly access for visitation.  The
_Sunday Star Times_ said that Judge Fleming gave it permission to report on the
case, provided that the identity of the couples was kept out of the news. _The
Age_, April 19.
_Spain_ - In his first
parliamentary speech as prime minister, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said that
he would seek to give same-sex couples legal recognition on “an equal basis”
with heterosexual couples. “We will recognize, on an equal basis, their right
to marriage, with the consequent effects on labour rights, inheritance and
social security protection.  It is time
to bring to an end, once and for all, the intolerable discrimination still
suffered by many Spaniards exclusively by virtue of their sexual preferences.”
It had not been clear during the election campaign whether Zapatero was
advocated for civil unions, registered partnerships, or full marriage rights.
_Gay.com UK_, April 19.
_United Kingdom_ - Mr. Justice
Richards of London’s High Court rejected a suit by the Trades Union Congress,
which had claimed that the government’s new employment security regulations,
which include protection against sexual orientation discrimination, fail to
comply with European Union requirements due to the inclusion of an exemption
for faith-based employers and a reservation of pension rights solely for
married couples.  The Teachers Union, which
had been especially concerned, noted that Justice Richards had construed the
new regulations to apply only to religious employees, and thus teachers would
probably be protected from discrimination by religious schools.  The government argued that the exemption
would be given a very narrow interpretation.
The TUC expressed disappointment, stating that the unions filed the case
because they believed “that no one should be treated differently at work
because of their sexuality.” _Financial Times_, April 27.
_United Nations_ - On April 8,
the General Assembly voted to reject a policy decision by Secretary-General
Kofi Annan to allow same-sex partners of UN staff members to receive the same
family benefits as married staffer, if they were nationals of countries that
recognized such a right.  The revolt
against Annan’s policy was led by representatives of dozens of Islamic and
African nations, according to an April 9 report by the _Los Angeles Times_.  Annan reacted to the vote by stating that he
would review the policy decision, but he did not promise to rescind it, and the
vote was viewed by some as an inappropriate attempt by the General Assembly to
dictate personnel policy under the purview of the Secretary-General. * * * In
light of the uproar in the General Assembly on the same-sex benefits issue, a
pending resolution on Sexual Orientation and Human Rights that had been
promoted by Brazil was withdrawn, giving activists from the International
Lesbian and Gay Association more time to round up support before it is
reintroduced next year. _ILGA World News Release_, April 15.
_Zanibar_ - The _Financial
Times_ (East African Edition) reported April 19 that Zanzibar has passed a law
outlawing homosexual practices and imposing severe penalties for same-sex
cohabitation, including lengthy jail terms and considerable fines. “Government
officials say the law has been introduced to curb the increasing number of
same-sex marriages in this predominantly Muslim island of a million people.  But it is also seen as being the government
reaction to increasing pressure from interest groups that have been lobbying
behind the scenes to introduce a form if Islamic law in Zanzibar,” said the
newspaper’s special correspondent, Ali Sultan.
The newspaper reports that last April “Zanzibaris for the first time
witnessed a gay marriage that was conducted publicly,” but which was quickly
condemned by the government. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
A special issue of _Time
Magazine_ dedicated to 100 “Heroes and Icons” included a feature on same-sex
marriage advocate Evan Wolfson, a former staff attorney and director of the
Marriage Project at Lambda Legal, now heading his own non-profit marriage
advocacy group. _Time_ quotes Wolfson as stating, “This country is in a civil
rights moment” about same-sex marriage, and then the magazine comments: “It
would not have come as soon as it did without him.”
Jack Senterfitt, former chief
lawyer for the Georgia Department of Human Resources, has become a senior staff
attorney in Lambda Legal’s Southern Regional Office in Atlanta.  As Assistant Commissioner and Chief Legal
Officer for the state DHR, Senterfitt was responsible for managing all legal
affairs for the state’s social service agency.
Prior to that experience, he practiced at Alston & Bird, a leading
Atlanta firm, where he headed the railroad litigation group and helped develop
the firm’s domestic partnership benefits policy.  Senterfitt, a Vanderilt Law School graduate, serves on the board
of the Stonewall Bar Association in Atlanta.
Leroy “Lee” Walker, who passed
away at age 63 from an apparent heart attack on April 5, received a lengthy
obituary notice in the _Los Angeles Times_ on April 15, noting his
distinguished legal services to the gay rights movement in California.  Walker was described as “the driving force
behind then-Gov. Jerry Brown’s 1979 executive order barring discrimination
against gay state employees,” and a leading proponent of the 1984 amendment to
the hate crimes law that added protection against anti-gay violence.  He was lead attorney in the first California
court case establishing legal protection for people with AIDS.  Thomas F. Coleman, a leading gay law
authority in California, was quoted in the obituary as follows: “Lee was part of
a growing movement of legal and political gay activists at a pivotal point in
history when a few people really did make a difference.”   He was a 1966 graduate of New York
University School of Law, and moved to California to become dean of student
affairs at San Fernando Valley College of Law in 1975.  He subsequently formed a private law firm
specializing in employment discrimination, which had become by the early 1990s
the largest all-gay law firm in Los Angeles. A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
Lengthy Prison Sentence Imposed
on HIV+ Man for Slipping Up On Registration Deadline Provokes Outraged Dissent
A panel of the California 3rd
District Court of Appeal upheld the conviction of an HIV+ man for failing to
register his address with the State, and the sentence of 25 years to life under
California’s three strikes law, plus 2 additional years, in a 2-1 ruling.
_People v. Meeks_,  2004 WL 780176
(April 13, 2004).  Acting Presiding
Justice Sims, in partial dissent, upheld the conviction, but found the sentence
to be cruel and unusual punishment in an unusually vehement opinion.
Delbert Meeks was convicted of
“willfully failing” to register within five days after changing his address,
and to register within five days of his birthday.  Meeks had been convicted of rape 23 years earlier and was
required to register annually with the state. Meeks argued that the court did
not properly instruct the jury on “willfulness,” erred in denying his
challenges to multiple counts for the single continuing offense of failure to
register, and that the 25 to life sentence was cruel and unusual punishment.
He had registered at least nine
times from 1982 – 1997. In 1998 he was evicted and moved to various addresses
and for a period was homeless. Meeks testified that in 1996 he was HIV+; and
“knowing he was going to die,” did not “[c]are about nothing,” worrying that
“his youngest daughter had contracted HIV from either himself or her mother.”
“I didn't think about nothing else except for the disease. I didn't think about
registering. I didn't think about paying bills. I didn't think about doing none
of that. I thought about it, but I couldn't deal with it,” he testified.  In 1997 he was also diagnosed with hepatitis
C.
Meeks argued that the conviction
for failing to register should be struck because once the violation occurred
“that state of law violation continues until terminated by some significant
event…”  Judge Hull, writing for the
majority, found that each was a “separate duty.”
Hull also rejected the argument
that the 25 years to life sentence was “cruel and/or unusual punishment under
the United States and California Constitutions.”  The court found that Meeks raised the argument “in a superficial
way” at trial. Hull cited _Ewing v. California_, 538 U.S. 11 (2003), where the
U.S. Supreme Court upheld a three strikes prison term of 25 years to life for
shoplifting three golf clubs. Hull listed Meeks’ prior convictions, which were
Burglary (1969-Missouri), and in California possession of material for arson
(1973), rape, second degree robbery and assault with a deadly weapon (1975),
attempted rape by force (1982), parole violation (1987), possession of drugs
and two misdemeanors (1987) , second degree burglary (1989), second degree
robbery (1991), and DUI (1993). “Taking into account, as we should, not only
the seriousness of defendant's current offense, but also his history of
repeated violations of the criminal law that spanned at least 30 years, we
cannot say that his sentence is grossly disproportionate to his current offense
when viewed in light of his long-standing, and sometimes violent, criminal
history.”
Acting Presiding Justice Sims,
while upholding the conviction, strongly dissented on the sentence, writing:
“The majority make much of defendant's record of offenses and justify his
sentence primarily on this ground. However, defendant committed his most recent
sex offenses some 23 years ago. He committed his most recent felony offense in
1990 – more than nine years before he failed to register. Defendant's prior
felony offenses are old and stale and his recent conduct – exemplified by nine
years of felony-free life – indicates that he had turned the corner on his
felonious past.” Sims found that “[t]he reason that defendant tendered for
failing to register – that he was dying of AIDS and was consumed by it – is
uncontradicted on this record and is entirely plausible. . . . This is a
pathetic case. This is not a case in which defendant has done anything to
justify imposition of a term of 25 years to life in state prison, let alone the
draconian two-year consecutive term (on top of the 25-year-to-life term) for
failing to register on his birthday. It is no answer to say that we are
protecting society from contamination by one with AIDS. We do not, should not,
and constitutionally cannot incarcerate persons in state prison because they
have a disease like AIDS,” Sims wrote. “What are we doing sending this dying
man to state prison for 27 years to life? What has become of our society? Why
has ‘compassion’ become a dirty word in the law? I think that, some years from
now, law professors and law students will read this case and will ask, ‘What on
earth were they thinking?’” _Daniel R Schaffer_
AIDS Litigation Notes
_Federal - California_ - Cirque
du Soleil has agreed to settle an employment discrimination claim under the
Americans With Disabilities Act that was filed by Lambda Legal Defense on
behalf of Matthew Cusick, an acrobatic performer who accepted a job with the
circus, only to be told that he could not perform because he is HIV+.  The complaint was filed with the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), which ordered a mediation process
through which the matter has been settled.
The total amount of the settlement, according to news reports, is $600,000,
which was claimed to be the largest such settlement yet attained in an ADA case
involving a single claimant.  As part of
the settlement, the circus will open its records to the scrutiny of EEOC
investigators for a period of two years to monitor compliance, and will host
annual anti-discrimination training for all of its employees and adopt a
zero-tolerance policy on disability-discrimination, including discrimination
against HIV+ individuals. _Lambda Press Release_, April 22.
_Federal - California_ - U.S.
District Judge Fogel (N.D. Cal., San Jose Div.) issued an injunction against
Attorney General Ashcroft and the DEA at the behest of the County of Santa
Cruz, a group of AIDS and cancer patients and the Wo/Men’s Alliance for Medical
Marijuana, finding that the application of federal criminal controlled
substance laws to a local, non-commercial operation assisting patients in
cultivating marijuana for medicinal use prescribed by their doctors was
probably unconstitutional, and that the refusal of the DEA to agree to withhold
further raids and prosecutions while the issue proceeds through the federal
appeals system makes injunctive relief necessary. _County of Santa Cruz v.
Ashcroft_, 2004 WL 868197 (N.D. Cal., April 21, 2004).  California’s voted in a state ballot several
years ago to legalize medicinal use of marijuana, and there has been ongoing
tensions between federal enforcement and fierce local protection for such
activities.
_Federal - Kansas_ - In
_Sandifer v. Green_, 2004 WL 784934 (D. Kans., April 9, 2004), U.S. District
Judge Marten rejected a civil rights claim by an HIV+ Kansas prison inmate
dissatisfied with the medical care he is receiving.  Differences of opinion about appropriate treatments, and
negligence in providing timely medication, do not amount to an 8th
Amendment violation under current case law, so there was little need for legal
analysis by the court in rejecting this claim under 42 USC 1983, once the court
found that the plaintiff was receiving medical attention.
_Arkansas_ - Ouch!  The Court of Appeals of Arkansas affirmed a
default judgment against a Pizza Hut restaurant for missing the filing deadline
for its answer in what sounds like a substantively ridiculous AIDS phobia case.
_NPC International, Inc., v. Hill_, 2004 WL 848310 (Ark. App., April 21, 2004).   Sylvia Hill, a customer of a local Pizza
Hut in West Helena, Arkansas, allegedly suffered severe emotional and gastric
distress on account of one Summer Harris, a Pizza Hut employee who Hill claims
had the reputation of being a “potential carrier of an infectious STD” and who
was alleged to have spit and sneezed on food that Hill purchased there on
November 3, 2002.  Hill alleges that she
brought home the pizzas to a party with eleven other individuals, and that they
suffered a variety of “gastric maladies” as a result of eating the adulterated
food.  More significantly, ever since
then, they had “been in an agitated state of fear” because they “may have been
infected with HIV.” (C’mon, plaintiff lawyers, the epidemic’s been under way
more than two decades and you’re still filing complaints involving spitting and
sneezing????)  Hill claims that Pizza
Hut was aware of Harris’s disgusting work habits and had negligently retained
her as a shift supervisor.  The damage
claim on behalf of the plaintiff group was $4 million compensatory and $2
million punitive.  Maybe because they
saw this complaint, filed on November 19, 2002, with answer due during the
Christmas season, as being just stupid harassment, Pizza Hut’s counsel at a law
firm in Memphis which will remain nameless here (but whose identity can be
quickly discovered from the court’s opinion) treated the deadline to answer
just a bit casually.  Having negotiated
an extension to January 10 and then finding they needed just a little more
time, not wanting to incur the cost of driving the answer from Memphis and
being unable to get plaintiffs’ counsel on the phone at the last minute, Pizza
Hut’s attorney just dropped the answer into the mail, and it arrived a few days
late.  The plaintiffs moved the trial
court to strike the answer, which it did over Pizza Hut’s vehement protests,
and entered a default liability judgment.
Pizza Hut took this interlocutory appeal, which was rejected by the
Arkansas Court of Appeals.  (Can’t you
hear the Arkansas appellate judges snickering in their chambers about those
high-priced Memphis lawyers?)  Any
speculation about settlement offers?
_Illinois_ - The 5th
District Appellate Court of Illinois rejected a rather bizarre HIV
confidentiality claim in _Glasco v. Marony_, 2004 WL 848240 (April 20, 2004),
in which it was established through the plaintiff’s failure to respond to the
defendant’s request for factual admissions that the plaintiff had apparently
altered her HIV test to indicate that it was positive and then sent it to a doctor’s
office, where it circulated among staff.
She evidently did this in order to throw a scare into some people.  Justice Welch’s opinion for the court found
that this altered document was not a true HIV test result, and thus could not
come within the coverage of the state’s HIV confidentiality law.  A dissent by Justice Hopkins disagreed that
by fraudulently altering her test results, the plaintiff the protection of the
confidentiality act.  We’re still trying
to figure this one out from the somewhat opaque recitation of the facts in
these opinions.
_Indiana_ - Reversing the Marion
Superior Court’s grant of summary judgment to the defendant state health
department, the Court of Appeals of Indiana ruled on April 20 in _Garnelis v.
Indiana State Dept. Of Health_, 2004 WL 837776, that the time for filing a tort
claim based on an HIV misdiagnosis through the negligence of the state lab
began to run when the misdiagnosed person discovered eight years later that he
was not HIV+.  In this case, Dimitrios
Garnelis was told in 1991 that he had a “definitive” positive test result.  He sought medical care, which consisted of
monitoring him to determine whether medication was necessary.  Since all his indicators were fine, the
doctors proposed no treatment.  None of
his doctors ever suggested that he be retested in light of his good health,
presumably because of the “definitive” diagnosis by the state lab.  When Garnelis went to Greece in 1999 to care
for his sick mother, he was told by Greek authorities that he would need to
have a new HIV test in Greece to determine whether he needed treatment
there.  The new test was negative.  On his return from Greece, Garnelis sued.  The state argument for summary judgment on
statute of limitations grounds, claiming any claim accrued when Garnelis was
informed of the incorrect test result.
The trial judge agreed, but Judge Sharpnack wrote for the appeals court
that Garnelis had acted reasonably in not seeking new testing prior to his
Greek trip, and the claim accrued when he learned that he had a claim.
_Iowa_ - When the Veterans
Administration Hospital in Iowa City refused to perform a liver transplant for
Gideon Green, an HIV+ veteran, Lambda Legal filed a complaint on Green’s behalf
with the Center, alleging unlawful discrimination.  Lambda’s complaint and attendant publicity caused the hospital to
reverse itself and announce that it would consider Green’s eligibility for the
procedure without regard to his HIV status.
Lambda Attorney Jon Givner called on the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs to adopt a uniform national policy against HIV-related discrimination
in VA hospitals. _Lambda Press Release_, April 28.
_Ohio_ - The 2nd
District Court of Appeals ruled on April 2 that the Montgomery County Court of
Common Pleas erred when it ordered the release from custody and termination of
post-release control over Farris Jones, an HIV+ person who served a prison term
for soliciting for sexual activity after a positive HIV test and then after
release was charged with reoffending and ultimately convicted of a disorderly
conduct misdemeanor.  The trial court
had apparently believed that since post-release control was authorized only for
those convicted of specified felonies, the misdemeanor conviction in effect
authorized termination of the post-release control under which Jones was still
bound after the release from prison.
The appeals court’s brief opinion by Presiding Judge Fain rejected this
notion. _State of Ohio v. Jones_, 2004 WL 690419 (not officially reported).
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED &
ANNOUNCEMENTS
EVENT ANNOUNCEMENT
_Intercountry Adoption_ -
Intercountry adoption, a topic of extraordinary interest to lesbian and gay
family law practitioners, will be the subject of an interdisciplinary
conference sponsored by the Center for Adoption Policy Studies, the New York
Law School Justice Action Center, and the journal _Diplomatic History_.  The conference has been approved for CLE
credit.  It will be held at New York Law
School on May 21, from 9 am to 5 pm with a lunch break.  The speakers include leading academic and
public interest authorities from a variety of institutions and
organizations.  Inquiries about
attendance and obtaining CLE credit for participation can be directed to Linda
Garvey at lgarvey@nyls.edu, or
212-431-2312.
MOVEMENT JOB SEARCHES
_ACLU: National Office (NYC)_:
The Lesbian & Gay Rights and AIDS Projects of the American Civil Liberties
Union Foundation seek applicants for a Staff Attorney in New York City. The
staff attorney will be responsible for significant constitutional and statutory
litigation, litigation back-up, and policy work on a wide range of LGBT and
HIV-related issues.  Work will include
writing pleadings and briefs, discovery and motion practice, handling trials
and appeals, and policy analysis.  The
staff attorney will also provide technical assistance and advice to ACLU staff
affiliates and private attorneys who handle cases for the Projects and
affiliates.  The staff attorney must be
able to speak publicly and to represent ACLU positions to the media and the
public generally.  The job may include
supervision of support staff and student interns, and requires occasional
fund-raising activities, including speaking at events and meeting with
donors.  Some travel will be
required.  Qualifications:  Familiarity with LGBT rights, AIDS/HIV and
other civil liberties issues is desirable; commitment to those issues is
essential. Excellent research skills, superior analytic skills, and the ability
to write and speak clearly are essential.
Significant litigation experience, including constitutional and federal
court litigation, is preferred but not required.  Applicants should be self-motivated, diligent, and have the
proven ability to work with a wide range of people.  Salary and Benefits:
Salary is based on the ACLU scale for litigators.  Excellent benefits package provided.  EEOC Statement: The ACLU Foundation is an
equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, and encourages women, people of
color, persons with disabilities, and lesbians and gay men to apply.  Applications.  Applications will be accepted until the position is filled, which
will not be before May 28, 2004.  Send a
cover letter, resume, writing sample, transcript, and list of references
to:  James Esseks, Litigation Director,
ACLU Lesbian & Gay Rights and AIDS Projects, 125 Broad Street, 18th Floor,
New York, New York  10004-2400; (212)
549-2650 (fax).
_ACLU of Southern California
(Los Angeles)_: The American Civil Liberties Union Foundation of Southern
California seeks an attorney with 4-6 years litigation experience to bring,
handle, and oversee lesbian and gay rights, HIV and AIDS-related cases, gender
discrimination and reproductive rights cases, and other major civil
liberties/civil rights actions. The attorney will litigate individual, class
and taxpayer actions on these issues raising constitutional and civil rights
claims in state and federal court, at trial and appellate levels, through
direct representation and the filing of amicus briefs. In addition, the
attorney will supervise the work of cooperating attorneys handling these areas
of litigation for the ACLU Foundation of Southern California.
The attorney will also actively
participate in legislative and public education programs and act as advisor to
the ACLU of Southern California's Lesbian and Gay Rights Chapter and as the
ACLU/SC liaison to Southern California women’s rights and reproductive rights
coalitions.
Benefits include generous
health, dental and life insurance plans, as well as ample vacation and sick
leave policies. Salary commensurate with experience.  Women, people of color, lesbians, gay men, people with
disabilities and people over 55 are encouraged to apply. Send resume and writing
sample to Elizabeth Schroeder, Associate Director, ACLU Foundation of Southern
California, 1616 Beverly Boulevard, Los Angeles, Ca. 90026. E-mail:
lschroeder@aclu-sc.org.
Fax: 213-250-3919. No calls,
please.
_Lambda Legal (Los Angeles)_:
Lambda Legal is seeking to hire a deputy legal director for its headquarters
office in New York and a staff attorney for its Western Regional Office in Los
Angeles.  These are positions for
litigators, and Lambda seeks people with real experience as practicing trial
attorneys.  The deadline for
applications is May 17, 2004.   Lambda
Legal requests resumes, writing samples, letters of interest directed to: Gary
Buseck, Legal Director, Lambda Legal, 120 Wall Street, Suite 1500, New York NY
10005-3904.  Alternatively, materials
can be faxed to Mr. Buseck’s attention at 212-809-0055, or emailed to mluzcak@lambdalegal.org.   Full details about the positions can be
found on Lambda’s website, www.lambdalegal.org.
PUBLICATIONS ON LESBIAN &
GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Aleinikoff, T. Alexander,
_International Law, Sovereignty, and American Constitutionalism: Reflections on
the Customary International Law Debate_, 98 Am. J. Int’l L. 91 (January 2004).
Alford, Roger P., _Misuing
International Sources to Interpret the Constitution_, 98 Am. J. Int’l L. 57
(January 2004).
Araiza, William D., _Courts,
Congress, and Equal Protection: What_ Brown_ Teaches Us About the Section 5
Power_, 47 Howard L. J. 199 (Winter 2004).
Carpenter, Catherine L., _On
Statutory Rape, Strict Liability, and the Public Welfare Offense Model_, 53 Am.
U. L. Rev. 313 (Dec. 2003) (argues that in light of _Lawrence v. Texas_,
statutory rape may no longer be a strict liability offense but must incorporate
a mens rea test).
Garcia-Villegas, Mauricio, _Law
as Hope: Constitutions, Courts, and Social Change in Latin America_, 16 Fla. J.
Int’l L. 133 (March 2004).
Gordon, Daniel, _Moralism, the
Fear of Social Chaos: The Dissent in Lawrence and the Antidotes of Vermont and
Brown_, 9 Tex. J. On C. L. & C.R. 1 (Winter 2003).
Hicks, Bruce M., _The Transition
to Constitutional Democracy: Judging the Supreme Court on Gay Rights_, 8 Rev.
Of Constitutional Studies 203 (2003) (Canada).
Hill, Claire A., _Law and
Economics in the Personal Sphere_, 29 L. & Social Inquiry 219 (Winter 2004)
(from Review Symposium on Law and Economics) (Considers four major law &
economics books that focus on using economic analysis to critique law governing
personal relationships.  Includes
discussion of Posner’s _Sex and Reason_, with particular reference to its
discussion of gay legal issues.)
Jackson, Vicki C.,
_Constitutional Dialogue and Human Dignity: States and Transnational
Constitutional Discourse_, 65 Montana L. Rev. 15 (Winter 2004).
Karniel, Dr. Yuval, and Haim
Wismonsky, _Pornography, Community and the Internet - Freedom of Speech and
Obscenity on the Internet_, 30 Rutgers Computer & Tech. L. J. 105 (2004).
Koh, Harold Hongju,
_International Law as Part of Our Law_, 98 Am. J. Int’l L. 43 (January 2004).
Moon, Richard, _Sexual Orientation
Equality and Religious Freedom in the Public Schools: A Comment on_ Trinity
Western University v. B.C. College of Teachers_ and_ Chamberlain v. Surrey
School Board District 36, 8 Rev. Of Constitutional Studies 228 (2003) (Canada).
Mostyn, Nicholas, _Gay Marriage
– The Dilemma for the Catholic Law Maker_, 2003 Int’l Fam. L. 190 (Nov. 2003).
Neuman, Gerald L., _The Uses of
International Law in Constitutional Interpretation_, 98 Am. J. Int’l L. 82
(January 2004).
Ramsey, Michael D.,
_International Materials and Domestic Rights: Reflections on Atkins and
Lawrence_, 98 Am. J. Int’l L. 69 (January 2004).
Tribe, Laurence H., _Lawrence v.
Texas: The “Fundamental Right” That Dare Not Speak Its Name_, 117 Harv. L. Rev.
1893 (April 2004).
_Student Articles:_
Dick, Diane Lourdes,
_Constitutional Law: Reaffirming Every Floridian’s Entitlement to a Broad and
Fundamental Right of Privacy_, 56 Fla. L. Rev. 447 (April 2004).
Edwards, Desire, _Decentralizing
Hate: The Use of Tort Litigation in Combating Organized Hate_, 82 N.C. L. Rev.
1132 (March 2004).
Gonzalez, Jessica A.,
_Decriminalizing Sexual Conduct: The Supreme Court Ruling in Lawrence v.
Texas_, 35 St. Mary’s L.J. 685 (2004).
Larsen, Matt, Lawrence v. Texas_
and Family Law: Gay Parents’ Constitutional Rights in Child Custody
Proceedings_, 60 N.Y.U. Ann. Survey of Am. L. 53 (2004).
McShea, Diana G., Rosengarten v.
Downes_: Connecticut Refuses to Dissolve Vermont Civil Union_, 22 QLR 523
(2004).
Note, _Lessons in Transcendence:
Forced Associations and the Military_, 117 Harv. L. Rev. 1981 (April 2004).
Null, Melissa R.,
_Disrespectful, Offensive, Boorish & Decidedly Immature Behavior Is Not
Sufficient to Meet the Requirements of Title VII_, 69 Missouri L. Rev. 255
(Winter 2004).
Payne, Julie E., _Abundant
Dulcibus Vitiis, Justice Kennedy: In Lawrence v. Texas, an Eloquent and Overdue
Vindication of Civil Rights Inadvertently Reveals What is Wrong With the Way
the Rehnquist Court Discusses Stare Decisis_, 78 Tul. L. Rev. 969 (2004).
Weber, Janelle A., _The Spending
Clause: Funding a Filth-Free Internet or Filtering Out the First Amendment?_,
56 Fla. L. Rev. 471 (April 2004).
_Specially Noted:_
_Civil
Wars: A Battle for Gay Marriage_, by David Moats (Harcourt: 288 pp., 2004);
_Gay Marriage: Why It Is Good for Gays, Good for Straights, and Good for
America_, by Jonathan Rauch (Times Books: 210 pp., 2004). * * * Symposium, Do
Children Have the Same First Amendment Rights as Adults?, 79 Chicago-Kent L.
Rev. No. 1 (2004). * * * _The Gay and Lesbian Atlas_, by Gary J. Gates and
Jason Ost (Urban Institute Press, publication date May 3, ISBN
0-87766-721-7).  The co-authors have
mined the 2000 US Census for a detailed statistical picture of same-sex
partners in the U.S. as a major part of this attempt to provide usable data
about the U.S. gay and lesbian community.
On-line orders for the book can be placed at www.uipress.org.
Vol.
5, No. 2 of the Journal of Law & Family Studies (2003) includes a symposium
on the issue of preference for married persons as adoptive parents, a policy
choice that has been adopted in some jurisdictions as a means of denying the
right to adopt to same-sex partners or gay individuals.  The symposium includes six articles: Scott
H. Clark, _Married Persons Favored as Adoptive Parents: The Utah Perspective_;
Jeffrey A. Parness, _Participation of Unwed Biological Fathers in Newborn
Adoptions: Achieving Substantive and Procedural Fairness_; William L. Pierce,
_In Defense of the Argument that Marriage Should Be a Rebuttable Presumption in
Government Adoption Policy_; Mark Strasser, _Adoption, Best Interests, and the
Constitution: On Rational Basis Scrutiny and the Avoidance of Absurd Results_;
Kyle Wier, _Promoting Adoption as a Solution to Teen Pregnancy: A Study and a
Model_; and Lynn D. Wardle, _Preference for Marital Couple Adoption–
Constitutional and Policy Reflections_.
The
May 3, 2004 issue of _The New Republic_ contained two articles of particular
interest: _Yawn. The Gay Marriage Anti-Climax_, by Jeffrey Rosen, and
_Perverted: Quack gay marriage science_, by Nathaniel Frank.  Rosen write mainly about how limited the
practical effect of same-sex marriage in Massachusetts may be, considering the
governor’s intention of upholding a 1913 law that would perhaps prevent any
same-sex couple who don’t reside in Massachusetts from marrying there and the
operation of the federal Defense of Marriage Act and state mini-DOMAs, which
may combine to limit sharply the portability and benefits entitlement meaning
of Massachusetts same-sex marriages.
(Of course, depending how litigation goes, both of those factors could
become much less meaningful.)  Frank
concentrates on exposing the fraudulence of arguments that anti-gay-marriage
forces are making concerning gays as parents.
PUBLICATIONS
ON AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Colker,
Ruth, _The ADA’s Journey Through Congress_, 39 Wake Forest L. Rev. 1 (2004).
Moynihan,
Deirdre, _Patents and AIDS Drugs: The Solutions Are There – It’s Just a Matter
of Implementing Them?_, 3 University Coll. Dublin L. Rev. 121 (2003).
_Student
Articles:_
Jones,
Allegra A., _The “Mexico City Policy” and Its Effects on HIV/AIDS Services in
Sub-Saharan Africa_, 24 Boston Coll. 3rd World L. J. 187 (Winter
2004).
EDITOR'S
NOTE:
All
points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of identified
writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law
Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation, Inc. All comments in
_Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor. Correspondence pertinent
to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will be published
subject to editing. Please address correspondence to the Editor or send via
e-mail.