https://www.monseyjudaica.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
At Tuvias, we value all of our customers and understand that you care about the privacy and security of your personal information. The Privacy Principles set out below apply to Tuvia’s collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by us when you interact with Tuvia’s, such as when you visit our stores or website or deal with customer service.
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Tuvia’s, and we do our best to ensure that your personal information is always handled in a safe and responsible manner in accordance with the following Privacy Principles.
CLARITY
Tuvia’s strives to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information.
SECURITY
Tuvia’s follows security standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information.
INTEGRITY
Tuvia’s does not sell or rent your personal information and respects your preferences with respect to your personal information, in accordance with these Privacy Principles, as well as our Privacy Policy.
COOKIES
Like many online retailers, we and/or our third party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the Tuvia’s Website. This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience. “Cookies” are small files that are placed in your browser to collect information about your activities on a Tuvia’s Website. Cookies help us to: (1) speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you; (2) remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it; (3) determine the effectiveness of some of our marketing efforts and communications; and (4) monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of ads displayed.
Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically. You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable cookies entirely. If you disable cookies, however, you will not be able to place items in a Tuvia’s Website shopping bag, and therefore you will not be able to place an order with us online. Also, by not using cookies, Tuvia’s Website features and services may not function properly.
Cart
X