https://www.st-thomas.org.au/privacy/
St Thomas’ Anglican Church Privacy Policy
At St Thomas’ Anglican Church, North Sydney (the ‘Church’) we respect your right to privacy.
Set out below is a summary of the sort of information we collect and how we hold, use and disclose that information.
Collection of Information
We collect and retain information when necessary for the purposes of the ministry and related activities of the Church. No one is under any compulsion to give us any personal information unless they wish to. The Church may collect general information about you such as your name, address and some other details so that we can contact you. We may also collect other personal information including credit card details during the course of dealing with you, for example when you wish to obtain goods or services from the Church, when you register for conferences, courses or events and when you participate in Church activities or complete other forms or donate to the Church. The information collected may include some sensitive information such as health information. Where practicable, the purpose for which we collect personal information will be made clear at the time of collection. If you do not provide us with certain information we may be unable to provide you with access to some of our services or the assistance you have requested.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We use information only for the purposes we have disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorised or required by law. We will not disclose any sensitive information provided to us, such as health information, without your approval or the person responsible for you. Generally we will only use and disclose your personal information as follows:
(a) to establish and maintain a record of your involvement and attendance;
(b) to provide the products or services you have requested from the Church;
(c) to answer your inquiry;
(d) to register you for events or conferences
(e) to keep you informed of new developments we believe may be of interest to you (if we contact you in this way, you will have the opportunity to decline any further such communications); and
(f) to publish a congregational directory to those participating.
Data Security
We will take reasonable steps to keep secure the personal information which we hold and to protect it from unauthorised disclosure and misuse. Email is not a secure method of transmitting information and so we cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to us by email.
Access and Correction
We will provide individuals with access to their personal information as required by law and take reasonable steps to correct information which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. To request access to the personal information that the Church holds about you please contact the Church’s Privacy Officer. If you wish to have your personal information deleted please let us know and we will delete that information as far as practicable.
Privacy Officer
Concerns, questions or complaints about our privacy policy should be directed to the Church Office.
×
Search
Submit
Clear
×
Live
Church Online
Kids Online
Visit Us
About
Who is Jesus?
Our Vision
Our Beliefs
Our Team
Get Involved
Learn about Jesus
Children and Youth
Conversation Classes
Discipleship Groups
Working with children
Giving
Events
Tom’s Playtime
Resources
More answers for hard times seminars
Bible reading training
Home Houseparty 2019 Sessions
Christians Engaging Culture
Pastoral Care Training
Sermons
Latest Sermons
Browse All Sermons
Contact
Close
Font size
A-
A+Reset font size
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Colours
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Close