https://www.norcaldemolay.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on and is effective as of November 16, 2015.
Northern California DeMolay (“we,” “us”) knows that you care how Personal Information about you is collected, used, shared and stored. “Personal Information” means information which personally identifies you or another.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Information is collected, used, shared and stored by the Northern California DeMolay when you use our Website www.norcaldemolay.com or otherwise to provide services to you, when you apply for membership, a scholarship or employment, act as a board member, make a contribution or respond to a survey and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of Personal Information.  Your disclosure of your Personal Information using our Website or otherwise accessing or using our services, applying for membership, a scholarship or employment, acting as a board member, making a contribution or responding to a survey is deemed your written affirmative consent for us to use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy should be read along with our Terms of Use posted at: www.norcaldemolay/terms of use (“Agreement”). Capitalized terms, if not defined in this Privacy Policy, are defined in the Agreement.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at: office@norcaldemolay.com or at: 34400 Mission Blvd., Union City, California 94587.
Mobile Privacy
We may offer you the ability to connect with our Website, or use our applications, services, and tools using a mobile device, either through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized website. The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites.
Personal Information We Collect or You May Provide
Through the Website:
You do not need to provide us with any Personal Information to use our Website.
If you are using our Website to:
Register, log on and access member specific information
Register online to attend events, courses and programs we offer
Contribute money or
Participate in a survey
You provide us Personal Information:
Your name
Email and mailing Address
Telephone Numbers
Birthdate
Unique log-in identifier
Member ID and Chapter Name
Current Office Held
Bank Account information (if paying by check)
Other Personal Information requested in the survey
We may not collect or receive your credit card information.
When you attend an event, course or program or make a contribution, your name, chapter and the name of the event, course or program or amount of your contribution may be posted on our Web Site. We display personal testimonials on our Web Site in addition to endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name or may post your picture or voice. If you wish to update or delete your name, picture, testimonial or other data or information which may be posted, you can contact us using the information below.
Other Personal Information Collected:
You may also provide the following Personal Information: Family information, educational background, employment history, government issued identification number(s), Masonic affiliations, financial and bank account information, health and health insurance information, criminal history and other background information. We may obtain Personal Information about you from publically or commercially available sources. When you attend an event, course or program or make a contribution, your name, lodge and the name of the event, course or program or amount of your contribution may be posted on our Website.
We may also collect Personal Information from you as a result of your email communications with us which we may retain along with our responses.
When you use our mobile site, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location based services, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device’s setting’s menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device’s location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacturer of your particular device.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Northern California DeMolay’s Web Sites may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie may be to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the Northern California DeMolay pages, or register with the Northern California DeMolay’s Web Site or services, a cookie helps Northern California DeMolay to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Northern California DeMolay Web Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of Northern California DeMolay’s services or Web sites you visit.
Security Measures and Safety of Children
We use your Personal Information to provide service to you and conduct our business. By way of example and not limitation, to:
Register as a member and to identify you when you log-in to your account
Respond to your inquiries, member service requests, complaints, your job application, scholarship application or application for assistance or residency, or acknowledge your contributions
Administer employment related activities (e.g. payroll, workers compensation claims, health insurance, pension)
Verify activity as we deem necessary
Delivery programs or services
Send you a newsletter or other marketing or promotional communications
Conduct surveys, research and analyze data to improve our services or customize our communications with you
Communicate with you
How We Share Your Personal Information with Third Parties
We will share your Personal Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
We share your Personal Information:
With other concordant Masonic bodies
To perform services
In connection with the administration of benefits, employment or award of scholarship.
As required by law, such as to comply with clearance/reporting requirements, a subpoena, or similar legal process.
To investigate and help prevent abuse, fraud, security threats, malicious activity, intellectual property infringement or other unlawful activity
To resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
To protect the rights and personal safety of Northern California DeMolay, its employees, members, residents, recipients, patients and others.
In connection with a merger or corporate re-organization.
With your prior consent.
Unless you opt out at the time of your donation, we will publicly disclose your name and the amount and type of donation you make.
We may provide your Personal Information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as background investigations, payment processing, finance and accounting, accepting job applications, human resource management, fund raising activities and marketing and communication initiatives. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us and are obligated to keep your Personal Information confidential.
Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to from our service providers while preserving the look and feel of our site, such as when you enter credit card information or register for an event, course or program. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to www.norcaldemolay.com.
How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information
We may store Personal Information in locations outside our direct control (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web Site, you can contact us at office@norcaldemolay.com.
Compromise of Personal Information
We will promptly notify those persons whose Personal Information is compromised. Notwithstanding, Northern California DeMolay does not accept liability for any unintentional disclosure or a disclosure that occurs due to a security breach of our systems or facilities.
User Access and Choice
You may, of course, decline to submit Personal Information to us; in which case, you may not be able to use certain features of the Website or receive certain services.
If your Personal Information changes, you may correct, update, amend, remove, or ask to have it removed by contacting us at office@norcaldemolay.com by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as needed to provide you services or as required by law.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Northern California DeMolay does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, please use our Website with adult supervision.
Cookies, Analytics/Log Files and Clear gifs
In addition to the information you provide, Northern California DeMolay may also collect information during your visit to the Website through Automated Data Collection Tools. These Automated Data Collection Tools include Web beacons, cookies, and embedded Web links. These tools collect certain browser-based information your browser sends to a website, such as:
Browser type
Browser language
Access times
Address of the website from which you arrived
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Unique device identifier
Clickstream behavior –
The pages you view
The links you click
Other actions you take in connection with the Website
Northern California DeMolay may use some of the Automated Data Collection Tools in connection with emails and communications sent from us and, therefore, may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email.
Links to Other Websites, Blogs/Forums and Social Media Widgets
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Northern California DeMolay. When you use a link to go from our Website to another website, such as that of our payments processors or event management systems, the privacy statement for the other website governs. We encourage you to carefully read and understand the privacy statement of any Website you visit.
Please be aware that any information you submit to any forum on the Website, social network, blog, can be read, viewed, collected or used by the public, other users of these forums and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes that neither you nor Northern California DeMolay have control without any expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Northern California DeMolay is not responsible for the personal information you choose to provide in these public forums. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, contact us at office@norcaldemolay.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Our Website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
English Language
The English version of this Privacy Policy governs. All disputes, claims and causes of action (and related proceedings) will be communicated in English.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we make a material change to our privacy policies and procedures as to the collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information, we will post a notice of those changes on our Website or notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it, prior to the change becoming effective. You are bound by changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the site after those changes have been posted. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us at office@norcaldemolay.com or at 34400 Mission Blvd., Union City, California 94587.