http://www.socialist.ca/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
About
Where We Stand
Articles
Resources
Bookroom
Links
Events
Search form
Search
Get this month's newspaper in PDF format
Sections
Action Alert
Events
Fight Ford!
News
Report on Business
Satire
Shared
Uncategorized
Reports
Features
Arts
What we think
Obituaries
Columns
Interviews
Videos
Topics
Activism
Education
Healthcare
Indigenous Sovereignty
People's history
Queer Liberation
Radical Theory
Report on Business
Revolution
Strategy/tactics
Anti-imperialism
Anti-austerity
Civil liberties
Environmental justice
Anti-racism
National liberation
Women's liberation
Culture
Labour movement
Disability politics
Social democracy
Region
You are hereHome Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
socialist.ca is committed to protecting the privacy of its members who visit and participate in the socialist.ca Website and other users of the socialist.ca Website. This Privacy Policy describes the practices of socialist.ca in respect to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of information. This Privacy Policy can also be found online at socialist.ca.
CONSENT AND AMENDMENT
If you are a Member or User your use of the Site constitutes your consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, your sole remedy is to stop using the Site.
socialist.ca may amend portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without your consent or authorization. socialist.ca will notify you of any such changes, additions or deletions by posting notice of such changes on the Site and socialist.ca encourages you to periodically check the Site to ensure that you are always informed of the then current terms of the Privacy Policy to which you are bound. Your continued use of the Site or of any services of socialist.ca following notice of such changes constitutes your consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy as amended.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Collection of Information From Prospective Plan Members
All prospective Members will be required to complete an application form (each, an "Application Form") and submit the completed Application Form to socialist.ca. The information which socialist.ca will collect from each prospective Member as part of the Application Form will include, without limitation, the following (collectively, "Personal Information"):
(a) name, e-mail address, and some demographic information; and
(b) other personal or business information that socialist.ca may require.
Collection of Additional Information
From time to time socialist.ca may request additional information from Members in connection with the provision of its services to Members. In addition, from time to time Members or other Users may elect to provide information to socialist.ca through the Site or otherwise. All such information collected will constitute "Personal Information" and will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Traffic Data
When you visit socialist.ca, our systems collect basic information about your computer, including: IP address (your computer's unique signature), operating system (e.g., Windows 95), browser software (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape), Internet Service Provider (e.g., AOL). We also collect information about what you view on the site. This information reflects the user population as a whole and is used to help us better understand the socialist.ca community. This information helps us identify popular features and content on our site.
Use of Cookies to Collect Information from Users
socialist.ca monitors traffic on its Site using "cookies." "Cookies" are small information packets that a website creates which are stored on the hard drive of a user's computer by the user's browser. socialist.ca uses cookies to track and collect information relating to a User's use of the Site, including, without limitation, the pages visited by Users, any special formation requested by Users and any other User preferences (collectively, "User Information"). If a User does not want socialist.ca to collect such User Information, a User may reset his or her browser so that it does not accept cookies. Disabling cookies may limit a User's ability to access some of the information or services available on the Site.
USE OF INFORMATION
Processing of Application Forms
socialist.ca uses the Personal Information it collects as part of the Application Form to process the applications of Members. In addition, socialist.ca will use Personal Information to provide continued service to its Members. socialist.ca will also collect and store Personal Information collected from Members for back-up, archival and other record keeping purposes.
Improvement of Site and User Customization
socialist.ca uses User Information collected in order to learn which areas of the Site are popular and which are not so that it can improve and update the Site and the information available on the Site. socialist.ca also uses User Information to customize the delivery of information, services and advertisements to best meet a User's preferences.
E-Mail Notices
After signing up online to receive an socialist.ca e-mail notice, users will start receiving an e-mail notice and other occasional announcements from socialist.ca. In order to distribute our newsletters, we collect subscribers' e-mail addresses. We do not share addresses with other companies or partners. Users can choose to unsubscribe from socialist.ca e-mail list at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions found in the initial e-mail message sent to subscribers, visiting the newsletter sign-up page or sending e-mail to reports@socialist.ca.
socialist.ca offers a service which allows our users to inform friends about an article they might be interested in reading. In order for this feature to function, we ask for e-mail addresses from the sender and for the recipient. We do not store or save these addresses and you will not receive any communication from socialist.ca as a result of having used this feature.
Submissions
socialist.ca makes the submission of articles available to its Users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes publicly available and you should therefore exercise caution when disclosing Personal Information.
You are responsible for the content of the articles and content that you post to the site. socialist.ca does not assume any responsibility for the content that you or any other members post to the site.
In order to post an article, a user must become a member of socialist.ca. Therefore the same policies apply. The information will be stored in a database and you will have the option to be automatically notified of messages related to your posts. You will may receive  additional communication from socialist.ca as a result of having used this feature.
If you have any concerns about the message boards, posting articles, or messages, send an e-mail to reports@socialist.ca.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Disclosure Required by Law
Circumstances may arise in which socialist.ca is compelled by law, court order, regulation, subpoena or other legal compulsion to disclose Personal Information to a third party or government authority. socialist.ca will comply with all such legal obligations. In addition,socialist.ca may disclose Personal Information if, in the good faith opinion of socialist.ca, such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to: (a) conform to or comply with any law, regulation or court order; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of socialist.ca or any of its suppliers or licensors, whether or not required to do so by law; or (c) protect the personal safety of Users or the public. socialist.ca also reserves the right to disclose Personal Information to appropriate authorities at its discretion when it appears that activities which are illegal or in violation of any terms and conditions governing its services are taking place.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION
socialist.ca employs reasonable security safeguards in order to protect against the loss, misuse or interception by third parties of information under the control of socialist.ca. However, complete confidentiality and security is not yet possible over the Internet.socialist.ca assumes no liability for any damages Users may suffer as a result of interception, alteration or misuse of information (including Personal Information) transmitted over the Internet.
CONTACTING socialist.ca
Any questions with respect to this Privacy Policy, or any request to access or change Personal Information, should be directed to reports@socialist.ca.
GOVERNING LAW
The Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable in British Columbia. The User agrees to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of British Columbia for any suit, action or other proceeding arising in connection with this Privacy Policy.
About
Copyright and Legal
Privacy Policy
Contact
Take Action
JOIN THE INTERNATIONAL SOCIALISTS
DONATE
SUBSCRIBE TO SOCIALIST WORKER
Featured Event
Events
Eyewitness from Poland protests for abortion rights
December 13, 2020
Toronto
Organized by:
Toronto west International Socialists
Recent Videos
Action Alert: Fight for Public Health Care Now!
watch video
Capitalism, Covid & Climate Chaos.
Session 1 of Socialism in a time of pandemic
watch video
Stop TMX - Pipeline battle heats up
watch video
more
Visit our YouTube Channel for more videos:
Visit our UStream Channel for live videos: