https://www.bankofcanada.ca/terms/
Skip to content
Home
Search the site
Search
FR
Home
Toggle navigation
FR
Toggle Search
Search the site
Search
About The Bank
About the Bank
The Bank's History
The Bank's Head Office
Regional Offices
Photos & Videos
Contact
Archives
Background materials
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
Governing Council and Senior Management
Governance Documents
Educational Resources
Explainers
Financial Education Resources
Careers
Take a central role at the Bank of Canada with our current opportunities and scholarships.
Core Functions
Core Functions
Monetary Policy
Financial System
Currency
Funds Management
Featured Links
Key Interest Rate: Target for the Overnight Rate
Unclaimed Balances
Toward 2021
Reviewing the Monetary Policy Framework.
Financial System Hub
Promoting a stable and efficient financial system.
Markets
Markets
About Financial Markets
Market Notices
Term Repos
Market Operations and Liquidity Provision
Canadian Foreign Exchange Committee
Canadian Fixed-Income Forum
Canadian Alternative Reference Rate Working Group
Government Securities Auctions
Calls for Tenders and Results
Schedules and Results
Rules and Terms
Forms and Certificates
Data
Definitions and Formulas
Market Notices
November 30, 2020
Summary of Comments – Fall 2020 Debt Management Strategy Consultations
November 30, 2020
Operational details for upcoming secondary market purchases of Government of Canada securities (December 7-17)
See More
Bank Notes
Bank Notes
Bank Notes Past and Present
Bank Note Redemption Service
Counterfeit Prevention
Images
Training and Education Materials
Videos
The next bank NOTE-able Canadian
See the short list of portrait candidates for the next $5 bank note.
Upcoming changes to legal tender status for older bank notes
Find out what removing legal tender status means and which bank notes are affected.
Publications
Publications
Annual & Quarterly Report
Business Outlook Survey
Canadian Survey of Consumer Expectations
The Economy, Plain and Simple
Monetary Policy Report
Senior Loan Officer Survey
Browse Publications
Browse and filter Bank of Canada publications by author, JEL code, topic and content type.
Financial System Hub
Financial System Review
Financial System Survey
Financial System Research Centre
Historical Publications
Bank of Canada Review
Books and Monographs
Summary of Government of Canada Direct Securities and Loans
Monetary Policy Report – October 2020
The Bank expects Canada’s economy to grow by almost 4 percent on average in 2021 and 2022, following a decline of about 5 ½ percent in 2020.
Research
Research
Browse Research
Staff Analytical Notes
Staff Discussion Papers
Staff Working Papers
Technical Reports
People
Economic Staff
Author List
Awards
Research Paper Awards
Scholarship Awards
Fellowship Program
The Governor's Challenge
Collaboration
Financial System Research Centre
Visiting Scholar Program
Conferences, Seminars and Workshops
PIVOT Program
Digital Currencies and Fintech
Understanding digital currencies and related financial technologies is an important part of our research agenda.
Press
Press
Announcements
Press Releases
Selected Media Activities
Speeches and appearances
Upcoming Events
Webcasts
Browse Press
Browse and filter Bank of Canada press content by topic, author, location and content type.
Info
Media Advisories
Media Contacts
Blackout Guidelines
Principles for External Communication
Greater Moncton Chamber of Commerce, the Fredericton Chamber of Commerce, and the Saint John Region Chamber of Commerce - Speech (Webcasts)
Our quantitative easing operations: Looking under the hood — Deputy Governor Paul Beaudry of the Bank of Canada speaks before the Greater Moncton Chamber of Commerce, the Fredericton Chamber of Commerce, and the Saint John Region Chamber of Commerce. (13:30 (ET) approx.)
Statistics
Statistics
Daily Digest
Exchange Rates
Interest Rates
Price Indexes
Indicators
Banking and Financial Statistics
Related Information
Inflation Calculator
Investment Calculator
Official International Reserves
Credit Conditions
Staff Economic Projections
These forecasts are provided to Governing Council in preparation for monetary policy decisions. They are released once a year with a five-year lag.
Search the site
Toggle Search
Terms of Use and Disclaimers
This website is provided by the Bank of Canada as a service to its users. Users are defined for the purposes of this statement as “You”. Your access to, and use of, this website constitutes your agreement to accept these Terms of Use and Disclaimers.
If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, or any part of them, you may leave the website.
The Bank of Canada reserves the right to update or modify these Terms of Use and Disclaimers at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of this website following any changes constitutes your agreement to accept such changes.
Terms of Use
1. Copyright / Permission to Reproduce
Unless otherwise stated the copyright and any other rights in the contents of the material available through this website, including any images and text, are owned by the Bank of Canada.
Content on this website is produced and/or compiled by the Bank of Canada for the purpose of providing users with information related to the activities of the Bank. Except as indicated below (section 2, Exceptions to Permission to Reproduce), the Bank permits you to freely use, copy, distribute and transmit its website content under the following terms:
1.1. Attribution You must attribute the Bank of Canada as the source of the content, and indicate if changes were made.  You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests that the Bank endorses you or your use of the content.
1.2 Accuracy You must exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of any content you reproduce.
1.3 Use of Content: Notice Requirement
If You provide content from this website through paid services or incorporate any content in documents for sale (regardless of the medium), You must inform any prospective purchaser, prior to its distribution or sale, that said content was obtained from this website and that such information is available on this website free of charge.
2. Exceptions to Permission to Reproduce
2.1. Bank Note Images Permission to reproduce bank note images must be obtained in writing from the Bank. See the Bank of Canada Policy on the Reproduction of Bank Note Images for further information.
2.2. Reproduction of the Bank’s Logo and Wordmark The Bank’s logo and wordmark may not be reproduced, whether for personal, commercial or non-commercial purposes, without written authorization from the Bank. Permission to use the Bank’s Logo or Watermark may be obtained by submitting a request in writing to .
2.3 Third-party Content and Licensed Content Some website content may be produced by third parties who retain all rights in such material. Such content is used by the Bank with the permission of the content’s owner and may be subject to specific terms and conditions. The rights of such third parties is protected under the Copyright Act and international agreements.  The Bank does not grant You permission to re-use such third-party content unless it expressly indicates that You may do so.
The Bank will endeavor to acknowledge third party copyright and restrictions on the use of specific content. If third party copyright or restrictions have not been properly acknowledged, please notify us at
so that we can make the appropriate arrangements.
3. Official Languages
The Bank of Canada observes the Official Languages Act, and is committed to ensuring information and services on this site are available in both English and French. Please note that, with respect to research papers, such papers are generally published in the official language in which they were originally written. In such instances an abstract of the paper is provided in the other official language.
4. Privacy Notice
Personal information collected by the Bank of Canada is protected under the Privacy Act. For further information about the Bank of Canada’s privacy practices, please consult the Bank’s General Privacy Policy.
Please note that listings of job opportunities currently available at the Bank of Canada are contained on a third-party site. Any personal information submitted through an application for employment using that site is protected under the Privacy Act.
Disclaimers
General
The information on this website is provided for general reference purposes only.  While every effort is made to ensure that the site is up to date and accurate, the Bank of Canada accepts no responsibility or liability for the accuracy or completeness of the content or for any loss which may arise from reliance on information contained in this website.
You acknowledge that your use of the information and data, including rates and statistics, provided through this website is at your sole and own risk. Under no circumstances shall the Bank of Canada, its employees, directors, officers, agents, vendors or licensors involved in creating, producing or delivering this site or content found on this site be liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting in any way from: (a) any content or material downloaded from this website; (b) any links provided on this website; (c) any errors in, or omissions from, the data found on this website; (d) the unavailability or delay of any such data; or (e) your use of the data found on this website or any conclusions you draw from it, regardless of whether you received any assistance from the Bank of Canada or its employees with regard to such data. Under no circumstances is the Bank of Canada liable to you for any amount.
The Bank of Canada provides no warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, title, quality or non-infringement of any service or information contained on the website in any form or manner whatsoever.
Links to other sites are provided for your convenience. The Bank of Canada accepts no responsibility or liability for the content of those sites or of any external site which links to this site.
Rates and Statistics
While statistical data on the Bank of Canada website is derived from sources that the Bank generally considers reliable, the Bank cannot guarantee the completeness or accuracy of such data.
Exchange Rates
All Bank of Canada exchange rates are indicative rates only, derived from averages of transaction prices and price quotes from financial institutions. As such, they are intended to be broadly indicative of market prices at the time of publication but do not necessarily reflect the rates at which actual market transactions have been or could be conducted. They may differ from the rates provided by financial institutions and other market sources. Bank of Canada exchange rates are released for statistical and analytical purposes only and are not intended to be used as the benchmark rate for executing foreign exchange trades. The Bank of Canada does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of these exchange rates. The underlying data is sourced from Thomson Reuters.