https://www.pittsburghfoodbank.org/privacy-policy/
Donate Now
About Us
Our Commitments
History
Facility
Network
Staff and Board
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Pressroom
COVID-19
What We Do
How We Work
Food For Kids
Food For Partners
Food to People
Resources to People
The Impact
About Hunger
Impact Stats
Hunger in SWPA
Healthy Eating
Map the Meal Gap
Stories of Change
Get Involved
Volunteer
Corporate Engagement
Community Partners
Community Events
Request a Distribution
Donate Food
Host a Food/Fund Drive
Advocate
Ways to Give
Donate
Donate Monthly
Give Food
Donor Advised Funds
Wills and Trusts
Other Ways
Get Help
Reservations For Food Distribution Events
Blog
Careers
Privacy Policy
Civil Rights Policy
FAQs
Tools For Our Partners
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated August 30, 2016
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank (Food Bank) protects the integrity and privacy of Personal Information gathered from our supporters through all of our communication channels, as well as from visitors to our Website. The protection of your privacy is of great importance to us, we have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of Personal Information that you provide to us and that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, postal address, telephone number(s), email address, or any other information, provided to us by our supporters and Website visitors (hereinafter “Personal Information”), as well as certain non-personally identifiable information collected when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. Internet Explorer or Firefox), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g., AT&T or Verizon), aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited (hereinafter “Aggregate Data”).
This policy also applies when you use social media that overlaps the Food Bank’s social media and/or website. This policy does not apply to information or data the Food Bank purchases from other sources. The Food Bank does not share information it collects from people we serve.
This policy will be updated periodically, so please be sure to reread it from time to time. The most recent date the privacy policy was updated is provided at the top of the page. By submitting your Personal Information to us, you are agreeing that the Food Bank may use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Information:
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank collects Personal Information supplied to us voluntarily by supporters, volunteers and visitors to this Website. We may use such voluntarily provided information to improve our understanding of your interests, to improve our services or to contact you for future support. In order to utilize certain features of our site or receive information from the Food Bank or make a donation, you may choose to provide Personal Information. If you do submit information to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted. We may also use your information in other ways, such as to contact you about other Food Bank activities and/or fundraising campaigns, to conduct matching on Facebook or other social media, or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection. We may also use your name, postal address and telephone number(s) to contact you offline. If you do not wish us to contact you offline, receive such mailings or share your information with these organizations, you may opt out by contacting us in accordance with the “Opt Out” section of this policy.
The Food Bank uses third-party vendors to provide services on this Website and in offline business operations. The information that you submit on this site may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services (such as maintaining our database, sending email messages, facilitating fundraising activities, or processing credit card transactions) on our behalf.
Other than as described in this privacy policy, or as may be necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of our organization or others, or as may be necessary to comply with applicable law, Food Bank will not trade or sell the Personal Information you provide online.
The Food Bank uses the non-personally identifiable aggregate data information to improve the design and content of our Website. We may use aggregate data to analyze Site usage. Also, the Food Bank may share this aggregate data with advertisers, partners and/or other third party vendors. The Food Bank shall own such aggregate data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
Google Analytics
The Food Bank uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) which allows us to provide our web visitors with a more customized experience and increases the effectiveness and productivity of our site and our electronic communications capacity. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site including specific pathways and matching users of the site to individuals within our donor and other databases, as well as matching users across different computer and mobile devices. The Non-Personal Information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. However, outside of the Google Analytics platform, the Food Bank may use unique IDs to link Personal Information to Google Analytics data. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
Use of Email Address:
When you donate to Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank or sign up on our Website, take an advocacy action or complete some other data form, you will be asked to supply your email address. The Food Bank does not sell or rent your email address to any third party. Email addresses gathered from donors or subscribers are only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers and vendors for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
Your email address is used only to send information about the Food Bank (such as news and events, special programs and fundraising). From time to time, we may send out email messages that might include information about like-missioned organizations and companies, but we do not provide them with access to any Personal Information that you have provided.
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank complies with those provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act applicable to charitable organizations. All email messages contain a link to unsubscribe from Food Bank email. You may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time as indicated at the end of this policy. Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank holds the Pennsylvania Association of Nonprofit Organziations (PANO) Standards for Excellence Accreditation. Please see our Donor Privacy Policy for how we use other Personal Information collected from donors to Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank.
User Submissions:
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank welcomes your comments and participation on its site. However, you acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, stories, photos, videos, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information, the information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of the Food Bank. By submission of any information to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation.
As a user of this site, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. Therefore, do not impersonate another person and not transmit material to us that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner of have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; do not send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you won them or have the permission of the owner; do not send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; do not send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; and do not send sexually explicit images, advertising or solicitations of business, or chain letters.
You represent and warrant that any information and/or material you post or provide to the Food Bank through any medium is truthful, accurate, not misleading, not confidential property of others and not in violation of any other third party’s rights. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that all submissions will become the property of the Food Bank and that the Food Bank has the right to publish or republish the submission for any type of use including for promotional and advertising purposes without compensation to you of any kind. Should your submission include third party materials, you grant, represent and warrant that you, as well as the owner of such content, have expressly granted Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank a royalty-free, perpetual, irreovocable, world-wide exclusive license to use the submission in any manner, media or form now known or hereafter developed. Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank shall have the right to sublicense its rights.
Use of “Cookies”:
The Food Bank Website may use “cookies” and similar means to collect aggregate statistical information. Aggregate information does not identify any individual person. We may use or disclose aggregate information for any purpose. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and are designed to be read only by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies are also used to recognize visitor preferences, temporarily store session information and past activity at our site in order to provide better service and easier access when individuals return to our site. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Websites you visit. Please note if you delete your cookies or switch devices this exclusion won’t carry over. You can also visit the Network Advertising Opt Out page to more broadly opt out of remarketing.
Disabling Cookies:
To remove cookies from your computer, visit your Internet browser’s “Help” section for information on how to delete cookies. In addition, there are many Websites that provide browser and operating system specific information on how to delete cookies. When thinking about whether you want to delete cookies, you should be aware that some sites require cookies to function properly. After you delete cookies, you may have to re-register with some sites or you may notice difficulty in browsing some sites.
Security:
This Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The security measures used on this site include, but are not limited to, industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, firewalls and internal policies to maintain the security of stored data. While we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100 percent secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Warranties
GREATER PITTSBURGH COMMUNITY FOOD BANK MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE ACCURACY, SUITABILITY OR SAFETY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITH SPECIFIC DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE FOOD BANK MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND THAT THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT HOSTS THE SITE ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER FORMS OF HARMFUL COMPUTER CODE. IN NO EVENT SHALL FEEDING AMERICA, ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PERSON WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THIS WEBSITE, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE.
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED, THE FOOD BANK EXPRESLLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, CONTENT, AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR MERCHANDISE FOUND ON THIRD PARTY STIES THAT LINK TO OR FROM THE FOOD BANK SITE. GREATER PITTSBURGH COMMUNITY FOOD BANK DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR PRODUCT OR SERVICE ORDERING FUNCTIONS, ORDER FULFILLMENT OR COMPLIANCE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WITH ANY MANUFACTURER’S WARRANTIES OR SPECIFICATIONS. GREATER PITTSBURGH COMMUNITY FOOD BANK CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSBILE FOR THE MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIRD PARTY SITES AND/OR RELATED SERVICES NOR DOES GREATER PITTSBURGH COMMUNITY FOOD BANK MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU MIGHT BE REQUESTED TO GIVE TO THIRD PARTY SITES.
External Links
Links to other Websites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those Websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials at this site. Links to other Websites are provided by Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank as a convenience to its users. Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank is not responsible for the materials contained at any Website linked to this site. If you visit the Websites of any of our partners, please consult their privacy policy. Our privacy policies and terms of use apply only to your use of the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank site and direct interactions with Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to those operating linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
A Special Note About Children:
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank does not knowingly gather any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank has no interest in collecting information from children under the age of 13.
Binding Effect/Modification of Policy and Terms
By accessing the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank Website, you agree that the terms, combined with your act of using the Website and/or services offered on or through the Website have the same legal force and effect as a written contract with your written signature and satisfy any laws that require a writing or signature, including any applicable stature of frauds. You further agree that you shall not challenge the validity, enforceability or admissibility of the terms on the grounds that it was electronically transmitted or authorized. In addition, you acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to print the terms.
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank may change this Privacy Policy and Terms of use at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy and Terms of Use on the Website. Your continued viewing of or use of this Website following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
Opt-out/Contact Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank:
If you wish to opt-out of receiving future communications or should you wish to opt-out of having your information shared by Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank, please contact Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank at the below address or phone number or submit your request via email.
Postal Mail:
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank
1 N Linden Street
Duquesne, PA 15110
412-460-3663
info@pittsburghfoodbank.org
All opt-out requests will be honored, but please be patient with us as it may take as many as twelve (12) weeks for opt-out changes to be fully implemented.
Should you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, contact Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank at:
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank
1 N Linden Street
Duquesne, PA 15110
412-460-3663
info@pittsburghfoodbank.org
Donor Privacy Policy
Updated August 30, 2016
Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank (Food Bank) respects your privacy. Your name and address and other information you provide will be used to deliver services and to keep you informed and up to date on the activities of the Food Bank. As a donor submitting personally identifying information to us or any of our staff, you consent to the terms and conditions of the policy and to our processing and use of Personal Information for the purposes stated below.
Personal Information
Personal Information is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number and email address. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us via one of the email addresses identified on our website or when you otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email, with a question. We collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for an event. We also collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, at a special event, over the phone or by mailing in a check. The above list provides a sample of Personal Information that may be collected by Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank. From time to time, we may collect Personal Information from you in ways not described above.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We protect your personal information and do not rent or sell our mailing lists.
We will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation or event registration.
We will use your information to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us.
We will use the Personal Information to protect against potential fraud. We may verify with third parties the information collected in the course of processing a gift, event registration or other donation. If you use a credit or debit card on the website, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us and that the card being used has not been reported lost or stolen.
You have the right to review information that we have collected about you. To review that information please contact us in writing.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise disclose your Personal Information to any third parties.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will note the last update at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Your Gift of $115 can provide 60 meals
$50
$100
$200
$500
$
Donate Now
Join Our Community
Subscribe to get the latest news from Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank.
Name
First
Last
Email*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
Pressroom
Contact Us
Careers
Partner Login