http://www.sos.org/terms-of-use/
Home
Sant Rajinder Singh Ji Maharaj
EN
Find Center
Contact
Science of Spirituality Public Website Terms of Use
(www.SOS.org Website)
Science of Spirituality
Science of Spirituality (“SOS” or “we” “us” or “our”) is dedicated to transforming lives through meditation, selfless service and ethical living. As an organization, SOS which operates this website, is a Delaware nonstock (nonprofit) religious corporation recognized as a church by the Internal Revenue Service. It is registered as a charity in the State of Illinois where its national offices are located — 4105 Naperville Road, Lisle, IL 60532. SOS is an all-volunteer spiritual organization. These Terms of Use govern your access to and use without charge of the www.SOS.org website, including its content, applications, software, services and products (collectively, the “SOS Website” or “this website” or “our website”). If you have any questions or feedback concerning these Terms of Use, privacy@sos.org.
Acceptance of These Terms of Use
By access to and use of the SOS Website, you accept and agree to these Terms of Use so that they become a legally binding agreement between you and us including the agreement to mediate and arbitrate disputes as provided at the end of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you should stop using this website. SOS may change these Terms of Use by displaying the amended Terms of Use on this Website.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The SOS Website may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of SOS and SOS is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site or whether the Linked Site will keep information about you confidential and secure.
CONTENT
This website, and all our services, information and content on it, are provided to you free of charge, subject to your adhering to these Terms of Use. The nature of our services, information and content offered are described to you at the time and on the page you access them on this website. While we try to provide you with useful, up-to-date and accurate services, information and content, we do not guarantee the accuracy, quality, or timeliness of them. We reserve the right to remove or change any content or information at any time.
PROHIBITED USES AND ACTIONS
You agree to use this Website and its information and content only for your own personal use. You may not claim as your own, distribute, misuse or commercially or otherwise exploit any content, materials or information on this website prepared by SOS or others. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information, especially personal information of others not intentionally made available to you through the SOS Website. You acknowledge that the materials and content on this website prepared by SOS are copyrighted and may not be copied, distributed or exploited, commercially or otherwise, without the prior written consent of SOS. You agree not to use the SOS Website for any purpose that is unlawful, prohibited by these Terms of Use, or that damages, disables, overburdens, or impairs the SOS Website or interferes with any others use and enjoyment of it.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH US
You understand that by emailing us with your contact information and request, you agree to receive communications from us, including emails, notices, text messages and other forms of communications about SOS and its events, programs, services, information and other activities.
Refund, & Cancellation Policy for Online donations
Donations can be made by members only. Donations made online will not be refunded.
LIABILITY LIMITATIONS AND INDEMNITY
SOS and its staff and volunteers do not warrant that the services and content we offer on or through this website will be uninterrupted, error free, compatible with your personal or family situation, merchantable, fit for a particular use or be of any particular quality or effectiveness. You agree to be responsible for your actions and the actions of others you advise for or from any use of the content, information or messages from this website. If you have a health, mental or emotional problem, you should seek the care of a doctor or other suitable professional and not rely on the content, information and messages of this website or other members, staff or volunteers of SOS to treat, cure or remedy these types of problems. We and our staff and volunteers are not liable for indirect or consequential damages arising from your use of this website or the content, messages, and information contained in it. You agree to indemnify SOS and its staff and volunteers from any third party claims and damages, including our attorneys’ fees, caused by your violations of any of these Terms of Use or other fault or misconduct by you relating to this Website or its content.
RELATION TO PRIVACY TERMS, LAWS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS
These Terms of Use are subordinate to or unenforceable to the extent that they conflict with the terms of SOS’s Privacy Policy and/or the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. All information we collect on this website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using this website, you consent to actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with our Privacy Policy. Except as required by applicable law or our Privacy Policy, these Terms of Use are the entire and exclusive terms governing use of and relating to our website. They may not be modified without our written consent. We may waive or delay our rights on one or more occasions without losing them and may enforce them on future occasions. If any one or more of these Terms of Use are determined invalid or unenforceable, the remaining Terms of Use still apply.
GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND ARBITRATION
These website Terms of Use and your use of our website are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois. By using our website, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of arbitration tribunals in Cook or DuPage County, Illinois to decide any disputes or claims between us that cannot be amicably resolved that concern this website, or arise out of it or its use or content or the conduct of SOS or its members, staff or volunteers concerning it. If the dispute or claim cannot be amicably resolved, you agree to mediate the dispute for at least a 30 day period before you file any demand for arbitration. If mediation fails, all disputes and claims that need to be formally resolved will be resolved exclusively by arbitration on an individual (non-class action) basis before a single arbitrator from Cook or DuPage County, Illinois in proceedings with their seat in Cook or DuPage County, in accordance with the expedited Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association in effect at the time arbitration is requested. To minimize costs, the arbitrator is to allow for written submissions, telephone proceedings and/or virtual meetings as well as or in lieu of in-person proceedings. Except to aid the arbitration or for equitable relief arising out of a breach of these Terms of Use, you and we may not proceed in a court or class action. JURY TRIAL IS WAIVED BY ALL PARTIES. You may not bring any claim against SOS or its staff or volunteers arising out of or relating to this website or the information, content, messages and programs on it unless (i) the claim is notified in record form to SOS within 60 days after you learn of it and (ii) an arbitration demand for the claim is filed within one year after the claim arises.
Meditation
Spiritual Growth
Benefits of a Spiritual Guide
Health Benefits
Healthy Living
About Us
Our Organization
International Meditation Center
Explore
Articles
Videos
More
Spiritual Guide
Find Programs
Connect
Privacy Policy
Meditation
Benefits of Meditation
Learn Meditation
Meditation FAQs
Spirituality
Spiritual Growth
Spiritual Guide
Healthy Living
Benefits of Vegetarian Diet
Vegetarian Recipes
About Us
Sant Rajinder Singh Ji Maharaj
Our Organization
International Meditation Center
Programs & Events
Online Programs
Global Meditation in Place
Learn to Meditate
Personal Transformation Through Meditation
Spiritual Awareness Series
Learn to Meditate (Spanish)
In-Person Programs
Sant Rajinder Singh Ji Maharaj Programs
Science of Spirituality Programs
Explore
Articles
Videos
Podcasts
News
Spiritual Talks
Spiritual Quotes
Cookies & Privacy Policy: We use cookies or similar technologies, to offer you a better site experience, analyze site traffic and enable targeting. Click to see Science of Spirituality's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which explains, among other things, our use of cookies, what we do with your information, and provide for alternate dispute resolution.
By clicking "I Agree" below or by continuing to use our website, you accept our use of cookies, acknowledge our Privacy Policy, and agree to our Terms of Use. To stop or block cookies use your browser settings, refer to the Privacy Policy for more details.
I Agree
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
SHARE
Contact us
Name*:
Email*:
Message:
Captcha*:
6 + 8 =
Request URL:
http://www.sos.org/terms-of-use/
Please complete all * marked fields. Thank You!