https://www.afglasgow.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Language Centre
Courses for adults
General information
Regular courses
Beginners A1/A2
Intermediate A2/B1
Advanced B1/C2
Academic C1/C2
Conversation classes
Intermediate Conversation
Advanced Conversation
Current Affairs
Conversation Class on French regions
Conversation class in East Kilbride
Conversation class in Bearsden
Add-on courses
Grammar class
Phonetics class
Our e-learning platform APOLEARN
Primary school teachers
Training in French in your school
CPD Workshops
Study French in France
Courses for children
General Information
Playgroup
Children’s Classes
Exam Support classes
Children’s Classes: Bearsden & Milngavie
Children Classes – Southside
Studying French at University?
Private tuition
Learn French online
Online courses
Frantastique (daily e-lessons)
Learn French with TV5 Monde
Orthodidacte: my written French booster
Corporate training
Exams
eTEF exams
eTEF Exam Preparation
DELF/DALF
DELF Prim & DELF Junior
TCF exams
DAEFLE
DFP
Cultural Centre
Upcoming events
Events for kids
Past events
2020
2019
2018
Library
Practical Information
New at the library
About Us
Who we are
Be part of our Charitable Organisation
Our partners
Our Team & Board of Trustees
Donate to the AFG
Legacies
Terms & Conditions
Setting
MENU
Home
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
How we protect and use your information
The Alliance Française Glasgow (AFG) is committed to respecting and protecting our customers’ privacy.This privacy notice explains how and why we collect, manage, protect and usepersonal data.We take the safety and security of any information you provide us withseriously and this notice is intended to assure you of that and explain howand why we use the information that we hold.
The information we use and where we get it from
We collect and process various types of personal information, such as names, addresses and contact details. Your information will have been collected by us from information supplied by you, in response to your enrolling in one of our classes, becoming a member, attending one of our cultural events, or signing up to receive our newsletter.
Your rights
You have a number of legal rights to control what we do with your information. You can request from us a copy of the information we hold about you. You can request us to correct or update information that is wrong. You can request that we stop using your data or delete your data, in which cases we will cease to contact you.
How we use your information
We use your information to keep you informed about forthcoming classes, activities and events taking place at the Alliance Française Glasgow. If you have given us permission, we will contact you via email.
Sharing your information outside of the AFG
We keep your information confidential and will not share your information with third parties, unless we are required to do so for legal or regulatory purposes.
Transferring information overseas
The information we hold on you will be used and stored in the UK. We will not transfer your information overseas.
Communications and Marketing
We regularly send email newsletters of upcoming events to our members. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to an email newsletter at any time.
Unless you have told us not to, we will send you information relating to upcoming French classes, cultural events or activities that we think will be of interest and relevant to you. Communication may be by email or by post. If you change your mind and no longer want to receive these communications you can tell us at any time. We will not share your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Language Office: When you register for a class at the Alliance Française Glasgow, we encourage you to provide us with an email address at which you can be reached. We will use this email to contact you with important information regarding your class such as registration confirmation, change in class schedule, cancellations, etc. We will also send you emails about start of sessions, early-bird discounts, upcoming workshops or classes that may interest you, etc. Please note that while you are a student at the AFG, we reserve the right to contact you via email, while ensuring that your information and privacy are protected.
We read every email that we receive. We also try to respond within one business day of receipt. If you email the AFG your message and email address will be forwarded to the appropriate department. This department may choose to save your information in case you decide to contact us again.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure with us and remains confidential and accurate.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
Email us: admin@afglasgow.org.ukOr write to us at: Alliance Francaise, 3 Park Circus, GLASGOW G3 6AX