https://www.chailifeline.org/privacy
Who we are
About Us
Meet Our Warriors
Leadership
Donor Privacy
Contact
What We do
Programs & Services
News
Where We are
Greater NY
Mid-Atlantic
Southeast
New Jersey
Midwest
West Coast
Camp Simcha UK
Chaiyanu
Chai Lifeline Canada
Chai Lifeline Antwerp
Achim B'Yachad
How You Can Help
Donate
Chai Lifeline’s Privacy Policy
Chai Lifeline takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to
www.chailifeline.org and to each subdomain associated with this URL, to other websites owned and/or operated by Chai Lifeline, including mobile sites (collectively, the
“Sites.”), and to all offline communication. All donors, online and offline, are included in the policies described in this Privacy Policy, regardless of how you contacted us or were contacted by us.
What Information We Collect
Chai Lifeline collects
and maintains the following types of donor information when it is voluntarily
provided to us:
Contact
information such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address;
Payment
information;
Information on
events attended, publications received and special requests for program
information;
Information
provided by the Site visitor in the form of comments and suggestions.
Chai Lifeline is PCI compliant. We do not store your credit card information after the transaction is completed.
How We Use This Information
Chai Lifeline uses your
information to:
Help donors
complete transaction;
Thank donors for
their gifts;
Update donors
about organizational activity;
Distribute gift
receipts;
Inform donors
about upcoming events and fundraising activities;
Report to
relevant federal and state agencies;
Contact donors
about changes to this statement.
Who We Share This Information
With
Subject to your right to
opt-out (discussed later in this document), Chai Lifeline may share your name
and postal address (but not your email address) with other non-profit
organizations whose missions and activities may be of interest to you.
Opting Out/Discontinuing Contact Upon Request
You have the right to
opt-out of any or all sharing of personal information, including postal mail, email, phone numbers and/or sharing your information with other organizations. To opt-out or change
your preferences at any time, notify us. You may also call (212.465.1300) Monday through Thursday between
9:00 AM and 5:00 PM and Friday between 9:00 AM and 1:00 PM to speak with a
member of our staff.
Should you decide to
opt-out of any type of contact, your name and address will be promptly modified
in Chai Lifeline’s donor database to ensure that your request is honored.
This policy does not
prohibit contact by an individual or group voluntarily soliciting on behalf of Chai
Lifeline, even if the person being contacted has requested to be placed on the
"do not contact” list.
How To Reach Us By Mail and Email
If you would like to
update your contact information, you can reach us via email or write to us at Chai Lifeline, 151 West 30 Street, Seventh
Floor, New York, NY 10001.
151 West 30th Street
•
New York, NY 10001
•
Phone: 212.465.1300
•
Fax: 212.465.0949
•
Toll Free: 877.CHAI-LIFE
Our Family of Sites
© 2020 Chai Lifeline       Website by Duvys Media