http://www.dallasparalegals.org/terms_and_conditions_of_use.asp
Log On
Terms Of Use
Menu
HOME
ABOUT DAPA
BOD & CHAIRS
MEMBERS ONLY
PROBONO
STUDENTS
CALENDAR / EVENTS
MEMBERSHIP
SUSTAINING
JOB BANK POSTING
FAQs
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Use of this website is subject to the Disclaimer, Privacy Policy, and Copyright restrictions indicated below.
Disclaimer
The Dallas Area Paralegal Association ("DAPA") exercises its best efforts to maintain the timeliness, accuracy, and completeness of the contents herein.  While all information presented on this web site is deemed reliable, DAPA makes no representations or warranties as to its content.  The user of this system assumes all responsibility and risk for the use of this server and the Internet generally.  DAPA disclaims all warranties, representations or endorsements, express or implied with regard to the information accessed from, or via, this server or the Internet, including, but not limited to, all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non infringement.  DAPA does not assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product or process disclosed on the server or other material accessible from the server.  In no event shall DAPA be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use data, or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the information on this server or the Internet generally.  Any DAPA material on this server may include inaccuracies or typographical errors.  DAPA has the right to make changes and updates to any information contained within this server without prior notice.
The information provided on this server is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, non infringement or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  No advice or information given by DAPA, or its respective members shall create any warranty.  DAPA makes no warranty that the information on this server or on the Internet generally will be uninterrupted or error free or that any information, software or other material accessible from this server is free of viruses or other harmful components.
This web site is accessible by users worldwide.  It may contain references to goods and services that are not available at the user's locale.  This web site also contains links to third party web sites.  These links are provided as a convenience for its members, sponsors and site visitors.  DAPA makes no representation or warranties, express or implied, as to the content of any linked web site and is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by these sites.
Any trademarks and service marks displayed on this web site are the property of their respective owners.  Reference to any company, products, services, processes, hypertext links to third parties, publications or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship, approval or recommendation by DAPA.  Product and service information is the sole responsibility of each individual vendor.  The DAPA name and logo and other trademarks and trade names owned by DAPA may not be used in any commercial manner without the prior written consent of DAPA.
By using this web site and any information contained therein, the user submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts of Dallas County, Texas, to resolve disputes of any kind arising out of the user's reliance on the information on this web site, or any interaction with the sponsors involving said site.
The information contained in this web site, and any associated web sites, is provided as a service to the members of DAPA and the Internet community, and does not constitute legal advice.  DAPA presents this web site with a good-faith representation that the information it contains is generally reliable.  However, it makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained in or linked to this web site or any associated sites and information on this site should be not relied upon for legal purposes.  If you seek legal guidance, we encourage you to seek the advice of competent counsel.
Privacy
Personal Information
DAPA treats all communications with its members or web site visitors as private in nature.  If DAPA is provided with person information, including name, address, telephone number, email address, or any other form of information, it will use all commercially reasonable efforts to keep that information private.  Use of this information is appropriate for transaction between members, the web visitor and the association.  DAPA will not knowingly sell or share such information with third parties.  However, sponsor members of the association will have access to such information through this site and its membership directories.  Further, information not publicly posted on this site, is not readily available to the general public, but DAPA does not represent that it is not inaccessible by web pirates or hackers.
Web Site Tracing information
Similar to other web sites, DAPA records certain tracing information every time a visitor uses the site.  This information is recorded to track the performance and security of the site.  The web server records every web page that is viewed and various technical data such as an IP address, the operating system and browser version, and the name of the page that was viewed.  This information is not linked to any specific user, and is used in the aggregate to maintain and improve the quality of the web site.
Cookies
As with most sophisticated web sites, we make use of "cookies".  As you enter the web site, we create a temporary session cookie to pass your session information among the web pages.  This session cookie exists until you log out by closing your browser or are logged out automatically because you are inactive for a period of time.  Upon logging out, your session cookie is deleted.  Temporary session cookies are not stored on your computer's hard disk.  Certain pages employ "permanent" cookies which are stored on your computer's hard drive, but only with your explicit approval.
Copyright
© Copyright 2018, Dallas Area Paralegal Association, All Rights Reserved.
Donations to DAPA's Scholarship Fund are greatly appreciated (Note: Donations are not tax deductible)
LinkedIn • Facebook • Twitter
Disclaimer — Terms of Use
© Copyright 2018, Dallas Area Paralegal Association, All Rights Reserved.
Mission Statement
Code of Ethics
Benefits
Bylaws
Bylaws - Current (PDF)
DAPA's History
NFPA
NFPA Member Benefits (PDF)
PACE®
PCC Exam™
Qualifications
Links
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Board Of Directors
Section Chairs
Committee Chairs
BOD Only
Presentations
Election of Board of Directors
Job Bank
Member Directory
eGroup Forum
Subscribe to eGroup
Manage eGroup Options
Acceptable Use Policy
Netiquette
Posting to the eGroup
Newsletter - Current
Newsletter - Archive
Edit My Profile
View and Manage My Pro Bono and Community Service Records
Manage My CLE Records
Log Off
Student Liaisons
Apply or Renew Online
Scholarship Information
Speaking Engagements
Wendi A. Rogers Mentor-Protege Program
Education Packet (PDF)
Calendar
Submit CLE Events
First Time DAPA Attendee Info
Apply or Renew Online
Sustaining Members
Sponsor Levels
Apply or Renew Online
Sustaining Member Directory
Board of Directors
General
Job Bank
Membership
Newsletter
Pro Bono
Sustaining Members