http://www.cornerstone-opc.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Important Note regarding data processing in connection with Google Analytics™
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited. If the responsible body for the data processing that occurs via this website has their basis outside of the European Economic area and Switzerland, then the associated Google Analytics data processing is carried out by Google LLC.
Google Ireland Limited and Google LLC. will hereinafter be referred to as “Google”.
As concerns the use of Google Analytics, the data processing in this respect is technically provided by Jimdo. In that regard, reference is hereby made to the Jimdo Privacy Policy. Jimdo GmbH (Jimdo GmbH, Stresemannstrasse 375, 22761 Hamburg, Datenschutz@jimdo.com) and the operator of this website share a joint responsibility for the data processing in connection with Google Analytics on this website.
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files saved on the site visitor’s computer, to help the website analyze their use of the site. The information generated by the cookie (including the truncated ip address) about the use of the website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google.
Google Analytics is used exclusively with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()" on this website. This extension ensures an anonymization of the IP address by truncation and excludes a direct personal reference. Via this extension Google truncates the site visitor’s
IP address within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The IP address, that is provided by the site visitor’s browser in using Google Analytics will not be merged by Google with other data from Google.
On behalf of Jimdo and the site operator, Google will use the information collected to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other website and internet related services to Jimdo and the site operator (Art. 6 (1)( f) GDPR). The legitimate interest in data processing lies in the optimization of this website, the analysis of the use of the website and the adaptation of the content, which is made possible by the provision of the Jimdo statistics function. The interests of the users are adequately protected by the pseudonymization of their data.
Google LLC has certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and thereby provides a guarantee to comply with European data protection law. The data sent and linked to the Google Analytics cookies, e.g. user IDs or advertising IDs will be automatically deleted after 50 months. The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached is carried out
automatically, once a month.
The website visitor may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in their browser. They can also object to the future collection and storage of their ip address and the data generated by cookies, at any time via downloading this browser plugin and installing it: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
The website visitor can prevent data collection via Google Analytics on this website by clicking here. An "Opt-out Cookie" shall then be applied which shall prevent any future collection of the site visitors data when visiting this website.
Further information on the Google Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found under the Google Analytics Terms and Conditions or under the Google Analytics Overview.
According to the relevant legislation and the GDPR, site visitors have certain rights in relation to their personal data processed via this Google Analytics data processing system. In particular, they have a right to access, rectification, data portability and/ or deletion of their data The site visitor also has the right to object to certain processing of their data. In order to exercise these rights in relation to the data processing via Google Analytics on this website, a data subject(site visitor) can contact Jimdo(Jimdo GmbH privacy@jimdo.com or the owner of this website at any time.