https://www.pajcic.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Law Firm of Pajcic & Pajcic thanks you for visiting this website. The Law Firm of Pajcic & Pajcic is committed to protecting your privacy while providing you with a positive online experience. The Law Firm of Pajcic & Pajcic respects your privacy, and we believe you have the right to know what information we collect, how we use it and what security measures we have taken to protect your information.
Related Links
Car Accidents
Truck Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Personal Injury
Free Case Consultation
Collection and Use of Information
When you visit www.pajcic.com and use our Contact Form, certain information may be collected. Among the types of information that may be collected are:
Domain names of visitors to our site
Your name, address, e-mail address and additional information you provide in the form
"Navigational information" regarding the traffic patterns of our site, including the number of visits to a particular page and user-specific information on which pages a guest visits, average length of time spent on the site and similar site usage data; and
Any information that you may choose to submit in connection with any e-mail messages, on-site surveys, registry programs, contests and the like.
The Law Firm of Pajcic & Pajcic uses this information to help us develop and improve our site to better meet your needs. We may use your name or e-mail address to contact you or respond to your inquiries. We also use this information to help us diagnose technical issues relating to the performance of our website.
Providing Information to Outside Parties
The Law Firm of Pajcic & Pajcic does not sell, trade, rent or otherwise provide your personal information to any outside parties.
Our Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy
This website, www.pajcic.com, uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third-party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site.
This could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who have not completed a task on our site such as using the contact form to submit an inquiry. Advertising could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to the www.pajcic.com website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you by using the Google Ad Preferences page. You can also opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by adjusting cookie settings or permanently using a browser plug-in.
www.pajcic.com uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use the site. The tool uses "cookies." These are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form, including Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track the user's movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., are not linked to personally identifiable information. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for www.pajcic.com.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any PII from any source unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Security
The Law Firm of Pajcic & Pajcic makes every effort to protect the security of your personal information. Any personal information you provide will not be stored on our server. Any information collected by us is stored in private files behind a firewall designed to protect your information by denying unauthorized access by outside users.
Updates and Removing Your Name
If you do not wish to receive e-mails from The Law Firm of Pajcic & Pajcic in the future, please let us know by contacting us.
Pajcic & Pajcic
1 Independent Dr Suite 1900
Jacksonville, FL 32202
Local: 904-358-8881
Fax: 904-354-1180
email
Location
call