https://www.cseindia.org/terms-1234
About CSE
Share
Tweet
Share
Share
Share
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated June 2018
Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) has adopted a set of information management guidelines that serve as the basis for our relationships with our friends, visitors, customers and others interesteCentre for Science and Environment (CSE) has adopted a set of information management guidelines that serve as the basis for our relationships with our friends, visitors, customers and others interested in environment, development and sustainability issues. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. If the changes represent a material departure from our current practices with respect to the use of personal information, the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect. But most importantly we understand and appreciate how much you care about how your personal information is used and shared. We take your privacy very seriously.
Information gathered and trackedInformation submitted through all feedback forms on any CSE website is stored in a database. Specifically, we store the name, e-mail address, and demographic information (address, occupation, etc) of the visitors to our website who wish to receive certain free services from CSE, including but not limited to newsletters, e-mail lists, and online discussions. We also use such information to send out occasional promotional materials, including alerts on new publications available for sale. We have clearly marked which information is optional and which is mandatory.
As a proactive organisation deeply involved in disseminating research on science, environment, development and sustainability such information is crucial in helping us sustain our advocacy efforts. We guarantee that personal information about users will not be provided to any third party without their consent. We perform statistical analyses of user behaviour in order to measure interest in our newsletters and other services for future content development purposes.
E-mail / Mailing list policies Using the e-mail addresses provided at registration, we construct mailing lists used for regular newsletters and occasional promotional e-mails. We may contact users regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement, and to confirm registration via e-mail. The e-mail addresses that users supply to use this service will not be used for any other purpose without their consent.
Addresses provided by registered users may occasionally be used for sending promotional materials regarding CSE activities. In addition, the address and other contact details of experts working in various fields are also used in specialised contact directories published by CSE, but only with the express consent of those included in such directories. However you will not be contacted in any other way, nor will your information be offered to a third-party. We do not sell, rent or share our mailing list. If you do not want to receive e-mails from us, please follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message
Data security Your account is protected by an encrypted password. We keep it secure, and you must also keep it safe. Our employees may not access your account unless required to do a specific job.
Opting-out, corrections and cancellationsUpon request, we will immediately a) Remove user information from our database thereby cancelling that user's registration; b) Correct personal information that a user states is erroneous; or c) Permit a user to "opt out" of further e-mail contact, while still allowing access to the site. To request a correction or cancellation, please e-mail cse@cseindia.org with 'Unsubscribe' in the subject.
Compliance with legal process/compelled disclosureIf we are required by law to disclose any information that you have provided to us, we will try and ensure that we give you notice (unless we are prohibited) that a request for your information has been made and give you an opportunity to object. We will send you this notice by email (if you have provided it to us) or by post. If we do not receive a reply we will supply this information, which we are bound to do so by law.
ReservationCentre for Science and Environment (CSE) reserves the right to change our policy at any time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site. By using these services after we post changes, you indicate your acceptance to those changes.
Questions? Comments?Write to us: cseindia.org/page/contact-us
TERMS AND CONDITIONSIf a user chooses to use any of the Centre for Science and Environment websites, services, or any other portion of CSE website (herein the Service), they will be agreeing to abide by all of the terms and conditions contained in this statement.
Centre for Science and Environment reserves the right to update our terms, conditions, and features of the Service without prior intimation to its registered users and subscribers. We will post such changes online.
Centre for Science and Environment may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time, including the availability of any of the Service's features, databases or content. Centre for Science and Environment may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict user access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability.
The contents of the Service are intended for personal, non-commercial use. All materials published on the Service (including, but not limited to articles, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, also known as the "Content") are protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by the CSE or the party credited as the provider of the Content. Users shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service.
The Service and its Contents are protected by copyright pursuant to Indian and international copyright laws. Users may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create new works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content or the Service (including software) in whole or in part.
Users may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the Service for personal use only, provided that they maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein. Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from the Centre for Science and Environment or the copyright holder identified in the copyright notice contained in the Content.
The user agrees to report any copyright violations in regards to the Content supplied by the Service to Centre for Science and Environment as soon as they become aware of them. In the event a user has a claim of copyright infringement with respect to material that is contained in the Service, please notify us immediately.
Users shall not upload to, or distribute or otherwise publish on the discussion forums any libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or otherwise illegal material. The forums shall be used only in a noncommercial manner. You shall not, without the express, written approval of Centre for Science and Environment, distribute or otherwise publish any materials containing any solicitation of funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services. Content of messages on the forum are the responsibility of the users posting them. Centre for Science and Environment maintains no responsibility for these messages but reserves the right to delete, move, or edit messages that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable.
Users represent, warrant and covenant (a) that no materials of any kind submitted through their account will (i) violate, plagiarise, or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights; or (ii) contain libelous or otherwise unlawful material; and (b) You hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless Centre for Science and Environment and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by any user of this Agreement or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants. Users shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defence of any such claim. Centre for Science and Environment reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
Centre for Science and Environment does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed, uploaded, or distributed through the Service by any user, information provider or any other person or entity. Users acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. The Service and all downloadable software and services are distributed on an "as-is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The user hereby acknowledges that use of the services is at their sole risk.
For the Centre for Science and Environment's websites which require registration, users may terminate their account at any time by sending e-mail to the service or indicating so through the Service itself. Upon termination, the user's access will be suspended within 48 hours. Centre for Science and Environment may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend a user's access to all or part of the Service for any reason, including, without limitation, breach or assignment of this Agreement.
Centre for Science and Environment reserves the right at any time to charge fees for access to portions of the Service or the Service as a whole. However, in no event will a user be charged for access to the Service unless we obtain the user's prior agreement to pay such charges. Thus, if at any time Centre for Science and Environment requires a fee for portions of the Service that are now free we will give you advance notice of such fees and the opportunity to cancel the account before such charges are imposed. All new fees, if any, will be posted in appropriate locations on the Service. Users shall pay all fees and charges incurred through their account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred, including, but not limited to charges for any products or services offered for sale through the Service by Centre for Science and Environment or by any other vendor or service provider. All fees and charges shall be billed to and paid for by the user. The user shall pay all applicable taxes relating to use of the Service through their account.
Tags:
CSE,
Guidelines,
Information,
Share this article