http://www.gotee.com/privacy-policy
Home
ARTISTS
Watch
Store
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY Gotee Records, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us”) respects the privacy of visitors to our website located at www.gotee.com (the “Site”).  This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information may be collected, used, and shared when you visit the Site. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.” We collect Device Information using the following technologies: ·         “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. ·         “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.   ·         “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. Additionally, we collect certain information from you (e.g., name, address, email address, etc.) if you enter our contests, subscribe to our newsletters or artist information bulletins, or participate in other types of promotions. We refer to this information as “Notification Information.” When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Notification Information. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We use the Notification Information we collect to send you the information you have requested and to otherwise communicate with you and provide you with information or advertising relating to our artists and related products and events. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how users browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of any marketing and advertising campaigns). SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how visitors use the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. As described above, we may use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising from Facebook here: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads;Google here: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous; andBing here:  https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads. Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at http://optout.aboutads.info/. SECURITY We take reasonable precautions and follow customary industry practices to protect your Personal Information to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. DO NOT TRACK Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. INFORMATION FOR EUROPEAN RESIDENTS If you are a European resident, you have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you and to ask that your Personal Information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us. You will find our contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we have with you (for example, if you enter a contest or ask to receive certain notifications from us), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. DATA RETENTION When you enter one of our contests, subscribe to a newsletter or artist information bulletin, or participate in other types of promotions, we will maintain your Notification Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete it. MINORS By using the Site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use the Site. CHANGES We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are aware of any recent changes we have made to our practices concerning how Personal Information is collected, used, and shared.  Updates to this Privacy Policy will take effect immediately upon posting on the Site. CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, or if you have questions, or if you would like to submit a complaint, please contact us by email at privacy@gotee.com or by mail at: Gotee Records, Inc., 401 Church St., Franklin, TN 37064, United States; Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer.