http://www.shamanism.org/privacy.html
Circle Home
My Account
Logout
About the Foundation
Meet Michael Harner
Work of the Foundation
Contact FSS
Core Shamanism
The Shamanic Journey (Online)
Shamanic Divination in Practice (Online)
The Shamanic Worldview (Online)
Shamanism for Global Change (Online)
Advanced Workshops Online Reviews
Online Community Meetings
Basic Workshop - The Way of the Shaman
Shamanic Extraction Healing Training
Shamanism, Dying, and Beyond
Shamanic Divination Training
Shamanism and the Spirits of Nature
Shamanic Dreamwork™
Shamanic Training in Creativity™
Power Soul Retrieval Training™
Shamanism in Practice™ (Practicum)
Shamanism for Local and Global Change
Advanced Shamanic Healing Practice
Two-Week Shamanic Healing Intensive™
Three-Year Program of Advanced Initiations in Shamanism and Shamanic Healing™
Harner Shamanic Counseling™
Core Shamanism Explained
Workshops FAQ
Faculty
Continuing Education Credits
Certificates of Completion
News
Articles
FSS E-News
Video
Michael Harner Talks & Interviews
Members' Art & Photos
Shamanic Healing-Services
Certified Shamanic Counselors
Core Shamanic Drumming Circles
Member Bios
Ethical-Legal Considerations
Store Home
Books
Shamanic Journey Drumming MP3s & CDs
Shamanism & Shamanic Healing CDs
DVDs and Video
Shamanic Supplies
PRIVACY POLICY
The Foundation for Shamanic Studies (FSS)
Last updated: July 10, 2018
The privacy of our members and visitors to our website is important to us. This privacy notice is intended to assist you in understanding our policies and procedures. It explains what information we collect, how we collect it, and how we use the information.
You may request that we edit any personal information collected if it is inaccurate, receive a copy of that information, or request that we delete any personal information. To make a request, please contact our data controller at info@shamanism.org.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
INFORMATION PROCESSED BY THIRD PARTIES
SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cookies
Like many websites, our website may place a small file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer.
We use cookies to remember your username and password when you login as a member, and to personalize the content you receive. We also use cookies to collect information which allows us to better understand how our website is used in order to improve your experience. Most cookies are deleted once you leave our website.
Others expire after a certain amount to time to allow access to membership areas and to be able to provide a shopping cart for purchasing products.
You can disable cookies in your browser's settings, but with cookies disabled the website may not work as expected and you will not be able to access the members area.
Google Analytics
A cookie is generated for visitors to our website which saves an anonymized version of your IP address. No personally identifiable information is stored by this cookie, and it is deleted once you leave our website. This cookie may also collect the browser used, system platform, referring pages, requested pages, and the date and time of page requests. This information is used solely to generate statistics that help us improve our website's usability.
WordPress
Certain areas of our website use WordPress. Some pages allow you to submit comments. When you do, WordPress will store your name and email address, and your website (optional) in order to verify your identity. This also helps us to control "comment spam." The information in this cookie is "hashed," meaning a mathematical formula is applied to anonymize the information. When you submit a comment, you have the option to save your name, email and website as a convenience should you wish to submit another comment later. If you do not select this option, the WordPress cookie will expire approximately 12 months after it's created. WordPress Privacy Policy.
Membership
When you apply for a membership, we ask you for your name, address, email address, telephone, and your billing information.
When you apply, we also give you the option to be included in our directory of members and, if you currently have a shamanic practice, to create an online listing of your service(s). These options can be changed at any time by visiting the members section of our website.
We use this information to personalize the member section of our website and to send you a reminder when your membership is expiring.
This information is not shared unless you have given us permission to be included in our directory of members or you request an online listing of your shamanic service(s).
For more information, please visit our Membership FAQ page.
Workshops
Certain personal information is required to register for one of our workshops and for us to confirm your registration by email and send you additional workshop information. We also keep a record of your FSS workshop history, which is used solely to confirm completion of prerequisites when you apply for further FSS training.
Upon request, we will send you a certificate of workshop completion or a verification of continuing education credits. We require the appropriate personal information from you in order to verify your request.
Donations
If you make a donation, we collect the necessary information to process that donation, including relevant contact information and billing information. As a nonprofit organization, we save information required by law concerning donations.
Once you make a donation, we use your email to confirm your donation.
Email Newsletter Subscriptions
We require a valid email address when you subscribe to our email newsletter.
When you subscribe, you will receive periodic emails from us about course offerings and special events, new membership benefits and opportunities, and other information of interest to the shamanic community.
You may unsubscribe at any time using the link at the bottom of each newsletter or FSS training calendar or announcement. You may remove yourself from the email list completely by sending a request to info@shamanism.org.
INFORMATION PROCESSED BY THIRD PARTIES
We use these third-party services to process information you provide:
Authorize.net and PayPal process credit card transactions, including donations, memberships, product purchases, and workshop tuition.
Constant Contact processes our email newsletter subscriptions.
We use Ultracart to manage product sales from our online store.
They process the information you supply when you place an order.
The details of that order are then sent to us by email and to our fulfillment house.
Many of our online forms are created using MachForm which processes your form entries and emails them to us.
We provide links to these third parties' websites to enable you to review their privacy policies.
SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do our utmost to protect your security in the collection and transfer of sensitive financial and user information using widely accepted standards of data collection and encryption and insure that third parties we use do the same. We adhere to strict industry standards for payment processing, including compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Public Areas of the Website
The Drumming Circle Directory, Certified Harner Shamanic Counselors Directory, Shamanic Services Directory, and the Member Profiles pages are all voluntary public listings. Any information disclosed in these venues is public information, thus caution should be exercised when disclosing personal information. Be aware that it is possible for someone to collect email or contact information of other users. We strongly condemn this practice, and reserve the right to ban individuals who violate any implicit or explicit terms of use from using our website.
Advertising
We do not accept advertising on our website, nor do we share any user information with advertisers.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such linked sites.
Contact Information
Foundation for Shamanic Studies
PO Box 1939
Mill Valley, CA 94942 USA
info@shamanism.org
Telephone: (415) 897-6416
Our webmaster can be reached at admin@shamanism.org
About FSS
Workshops
Indigenous Assistance
Research
News
Articles
Shamanic Services
Join
Store
Contact
Privacy
Home
®
Copyright © 2000-2020 The Foundation for Shamanic Studies
a nonprofit public 501(c)(3) charitable and educational organization