http://www.goldenkey.org/privacy
Apply for Membership
Received an Invitation Code?
Need Login Help?
Toggle Navigation
Why Join?
Scholarships
Members
Chapters
Events
Shop
Blog
FAQ
CONTACT
MY ACCOUNT
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting GoldenKey.org, a site presented to you by Golden Key International Honour Society. Your privacy is important to us. As such, we provide this privacy statement explaining your online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on this site.
Asia-Pacific regional privacy legislation commitments please refer here.
Additional information to be read in conjunction with the overall Golden Key Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect
You can visit our website and view information about Golden Key, its chapters, corporate and nonprofit partners, etc. without telling Golden Key who you are and without revealing any personal information. When users visit our website, we track only the following information:
Information Sharing & Advertising Practices
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and advertisers. This information does not identify individual users. Potential and current corporate and nonprofit partners are provided with access to aggregate demographic information in seeking potential new hires from the membership base of Golden Key, one of the benefits of membership. We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.
Personally Identifiable InformationWe share personally identifiable information with current corporate and nonprofit partners. Golden Key uses the personal information provided by members upon joining to provide such members with information about the benefits and services of Golden Key. Partners that provide discounts and benefits to Golden Key members are provided with demographically driven member information for those members who have expressed interest in relevant benefits and services. Only Golden Key owns and controls member personal information. Members can opt-out of any communication from Golden Key partners. We do not share any personally identifiable information with third parties nor do we use other third parties to provide any services on our site.
Disclosures
Golden Key is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, nonprofit organization whose mission is to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers this website. Because this website wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Golden Key at marketing@goldenkey.org. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our website.
Cookies & Web Beacons
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.
Our Commitment to Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (credit card number) on our registration or order forms, Golden Key does not retain your credit card information in our system.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can send an email us at mailto:marketing@goldenkey.org Policy Addendum – Australia
Golden Key International Honour Society is in compliance with amendments to the Australian Privacy Policy Act 1988 that guides how private sector organizations may collect, use, disclose, keep secure and provide access to individual personal information.
How to Contact Us
If for any reason you believe that Golden Key has not adhered to this privacy policy, please notify us by email at marketing@goldenkey.org, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem. If you have any specific questions regarding your information and/or our privacy policy, please notify us by email at
USA, CA:
memberservices@goldenkey.org
Asia-Pacific:
apac@goldenkey.org
South Africa:
southafrica@goldenkey.org
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Notice. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. A revised Privacy Notice will apply only to data collected subsequent to its effective date.
Asia-Pacific Regional Privacy Legislation Commitments
Golden Key International Honour Society is committed to complying with its obligations globally and subscribes to the following Asia-Pacific regional legislations:
The Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act) and subsequent ammendments including
the Australian National Privacy Principles (extracted from the Australian Federal Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000) &
the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Bill 2012;
as well as
the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993;
the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) of Malaysia;
the Indian Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011.
Golden Key International Honour Society respects your right to privacy. Golden Key does not access your academic records. The invitation to join Golden Key is facilitated by your University.
We collect and use personal information to assist members and to provide member benefits, information and services to conduct our business operations in the interest of our members including notices, news, events and member related activities as organised by Golden Key including local university chapter functions, and on joining authorise Golden Key in that regard.
Golden KeyGolden Key International Honour Society is the world's largest collegiate honor society for graduate and undergraduate students, and has strong relationships with over 400 universities around the world.
Golden Key is built on the pillars of academics, leadership, and service, and our chapters are committed to implementing service projects and leadership development for all students on their campus.
Members qualify when they are at the top 15% of their class, and are given access to a wide range of rewards, scholarships, travel and study abroad opportunities, and more.
Use the hashtag #yesGK to connect with us on social media.
We're here to Help!1-800-377-2401
AboutAbout GK
Success Stories
Annual Report
Become a Partner
South Africa
Canada
Leadership and Staff
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy – APAC
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Golden Key
For ChaptersChapter Toolkit
How to Start a Chapter
Shop Golden KeyGolden Key Store
Graduation Regalia
For MembersRewards
Scholarships
Chapters
Members
Events
Apply for Membership
Received an Invitation Code?
Need Login Help?
Copyright © 2020 Golden Key International Honour Society
Website Designed True Interaction
5174169947232312272441008