https://www.awana.org/privacy-and-policies/
Shop early and avoid delays! With online shopping at an all-time high, delivery times are expected to be longer than usual this holiday.
Menu
Close
Find Awana
English
Spanish
French
Portuguese
Korean
Polish
Russian
Hindi
Bengali
German
Telugu
Nepali
US Ministry
Awana Membership
Club Mid-Week Curriculum
Early Childhood & Preschool
Elementary
Middle & High School
Find US Missionary
Leader Resources
brite* Weekend Curriculum
International Ministry
Overview
Our Strategy
How it Works
Get Involved
About
Overview
Our Beliefs
Our People
Our Impact
In the US
Around the World
brite*
Shop
Purchase Curriculum
Renew Your Membership
Become a Member
Donate
More
My Account
MyAwana
Find US Missionary
Leader Resources
Events
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
brite*
Search
LOGO HERE
Username or email *
Password *
Remember me
Login
Lost your password?
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Last Update: July 22, 2020
Your Acceptance
Awana Clubs International (“Awana”) is pleased to provide you its sites, content, products and services (“Awana Services”), including the website www.awana.org and any other websites provided by Awana Clubs International (“Website”).  The Awana Services and Website and are for you and your church club’s use and intended for informational, educational and ministry purposes only.   PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE AWANA SERVICES AND WEBSITE.
By using or visiting this Website or purchasing products through this Website, you agree to be legally bound by (1) these Terms of Use, as set forth on this Website (“Terms”); (2) our Privacy Policy; and (3) any other policies of Awana Clubs International related to the Website.  These Terms govern your use of our Website and our provision of the Awana Services.  If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms, Privacy Policy, and other policies, you may not access or use the Awana Services or Website.   If you disagree with these Terms your sole remedy is to discontinue use of this Website.
Awana may, at its sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms and policies at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications.  Any modifications will be effective immediately upon posting of the modifications on the Website, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such modifications.  Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes and modifications.  Therefore, you should periodically review the Terms to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Website.
This Website is for informational purposes only, and we do not guarantee the correctness or completeness of material on this Website. We may make changes to the material on this Website at any time and without notice. This information on this Website does not take into account your specific circumstances and in no way constitutes legal, business, or other advice to you.
Content License
Awana grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to access the Awana Website, for your personal use or the use of your church’s children’s ministry (“License”).  Awana, in its sole discretion, may terminate your License at any time, for any reason, and without any notice.  We shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to this Website. You agree not to attempt to use or access this Website after termination.
You may not remove or alter copyright or other proprietary notices displayed on this Website or content from this Website; or access or use any Awana trademarks or materials in an unlawful or unauthorized manner or in a manner that suggests an association with our products, services or brands.  By acquiring services or content through the Awana Website, you represent and warrant that your access to and use of the Website and content will comply with those requirements.
Disclaimers and Limitation on Liability
THE AWANA WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’ AND ‘AS AVAILABLE’  WITH NO WARRANTIES OR RESPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES FOR THIS WEBSITE, CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, AND OTHER CONTENT OR WEBSITES ACCESSED THROUGH ANY LINKS ON THIS WEBSITE.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, SOME OF THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU INSOFAR AS THEY RELATE TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES. YOUR USE OF THE AWANA WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THE WEBSITE THAT IS RELATED TO SUPPORT OF AWANA PRODUCTS IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SEPARATE A LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND AWANA.OR ANY PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THE AWANA WEBSITE, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS AND PROEPRTY DAMAGE, EVEN IF WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, NOR SHALL WE BE HELD LIABLE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.  THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN SOME JURISDICTIONS, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE NOT PERMITTED. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, SOME OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Accounts
The Awana Website may permit or require you to create an account to participate or to secure additional benefits.  You agree to provide and maintain accurate, current and complete information, including contact information for notices and other communications from us and payment information.  You agree not to impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person’s username, password, or other account information, or another person’s name or likeness, or provide false details for a parent or guardian.  You agree that we may take steps to verify the accuracy of information you provide.  Awana may, in its sole discretion, delete or deactivate your account or otherwise terminate your access to or use of the Website, or any part thereof, immediately and without notice, and remove and discard any content posted by you or contained within your account, for any reason.
Passwords and Security
Your username and password are personal to you and non-transferable.  You are responsible for taking reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password, and you are responsible for all activities under your account that you can reasonably control.  You agree to promptly notify us of any unauthorized use of your username, password or other account information, or of any other breach of security that you become aware of involving the Awana Website.
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us.  We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification.
Acceptable Use of Website
You agree to comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of the Website. You may not use the Website in any manner that would be defamatory to Awana or that would interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Website. You agree not to post or otherwise make available content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or is harmful to minors in any way; impersonates any person or entity or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity; includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent; infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or employs misleading names, email addresses, other contact information, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of content.  You agree not to contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted, or make unsolicited contact with anyone for any commercial purpose; "stalk" or otherwise harass anyone; collect personal data about other users for commercial or unlawful purposes; or repeatedly post the same or similar content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.  You agree never to transmit or attempt to transmit any detrimental data or programs to the server hosting the Website.  You agree not to decompile or disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code contained in this Website.  You agree not to use the Website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Website.  Damage caused by you to the Website or any of its licensees may subject you to both civil and criminal penalties.  You may not access the Website through unauthorized means or obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Website.  You may not, and may not authorize any party, to: (i) co-brand the Website; (ii) frame the Website; or (iii) hyper-link to content accessed through use of a login name and password without the express prior written permission of an authorized representative of Awana.  For purposes of these Terms, "co-branding" means to display a name, logo, trademark, or other means of attribution or identification of any party in such a manner as is reasonably likely to give a user the impression that such other party has the right to display, publish, or distribute the Website or content accessible within the Website.  You agree to cooperate with Awana in causing any unauthorized co-branding, framing or hyper-linking immediately to cease.
Other Users
You understand that all content posted to this Website is the sole responsibility of the individual who originally posted the content. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such content. You also understand that all opinions expressed by users of this Website are expressed strictly in their individual capacities, and not as a representative of Website, its owner, or any of sponsors or partners.  Your interactions with other users are solely between you and such other users and at your own risk. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such interactions. In the event of a dispute between you and other users, you and the other users are solely responsible to resolve the dispute, and you hereby release us and our directors, officers, employees, volunteers, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and this Website.
Infringement Notifications
Notifications of claimed copyright infringement and counter notices must be sent to:
Legal Risk Management Department
Awana Clubs International
1 E Bode Road
Streamwood, IL  60107
Phone:  630-540-4536
Fax:  630-540-5836
Email: legal@awana.org
We are only able to accept notices in the English language.
If you believe that material residing on this Website or any other website, system, or network controlled or operated by us infringes a copyright, please provide a notification of infringement to the Agent. To be effective, the notification must include the following:
(a) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
(b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
(c) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(d) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(e) your mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address; and
(f)  your physical or electronic signature of the notification of infringement.
Site Features:
MyAwana
An application available to individuals and churches for account management purposes.  Key features include Single Sign-On, and a User dashboard.  Individuals are able to manage roles and associations, integrate order history with the Awana store, as well as manage multiple locations.  Churches shall be able to manage programs and leaders.
Awana Store
This is the e-commerce section of the Web site offered for churches, organizations and individuals to order supplies to further ministry.
Leader Development Resources
Resources that provide leaders with lesson plans, media files, clip art, event registration forms, and more, in order to aid leaders in running an effective club or children’s ministry program.
E-mail Newsletters
There may be opportunities to subscribe to one or more e-mail newsletters. If you decide you no longer wish to receive one or more newsletters, an unsubscribe feature is available for each newsletter.
Message Boards
There may be one or more message board forums.  Message boards may be monitored by Awana. Messages that do not meet the stated guidelines may be removed. Awana reserves the right to remove any message at any time for any reason.
Online Donations
This is provided as an alternative method for individuals to give to the work of Awana, reaching boys and girls with the gospel of Christ. Donations may be designated for a particular missionary, project, region of the world or to the general work of Awana.  Credit card, bank information and/or related information is required.
Polls/Questionnaires/Surveys/Webforms
Personal identifying information may be gathered for these features. Some demographic information may be collected for internal purposes. Personal information gathered, if any, is only for internal Awana use. Non-identifying information gathered in these features may be made public.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Awana, its officers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees, agents, service providers, and suppliers, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post or make available through the Website, your use of the Website, your use of the Awana Services, your violation of these Terms, your violation of any other policy, or your violation of any rights of another.
Intellectual Property
The Website contains Awana service marks and trademarks as well as those of other organizations, in the form of words, graphics, and logos. Your use of the Website does not constitute any right or license for you to use such service marks or trademarks, without the prior written permission of the corresponding service mark or trademark owner. Awana claims ownership of intellectual property rights in the Website and its content to the maximum extent provided by copyright laws and international treaties. The copying, reproduction, redistribution, modification, use or publication by you of the Website or its content is strictly prohibited. Your use of the Website does not grant you ownership rights of any kind in the Website or its content.  At times, Awana may provide material online and grant permission to use the material with certain restrictions. This permission extends only to active churches and their leaders for use of the material in their children’s ministries, as long as all copyright, trademark and proprietary notices are included on the material; the material is not modified in any manner; and the use of material is non-commercial in nature.  The permission does not grant you any ownership rights in the material or the right to create derivative works of the material, and your use of the material inures to the benefit of Awana.
If you post or make available content to the Website you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Awana an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute the content and to prepare derivative works of the content.  All comments, suggestions, ideas or other information or content that you send to Awana through the Website become and remain the property of Awana, even after you or your church cease using Awana Services or this Website.  Awana is not obligated to keep any submission confidential.  You cannot sue Awana for using ideas that you submit. If Awana uses your idea or any similar idea, Awana does not have to compensate or credit you or anyone else for doing so. Awana will have exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to submissions of any kind. Submissions may be used as Awana determines is appropriate without compensation or credit to anyone.  You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. You accept full responsibility for the message, including its reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to third party websites.  The links are provided solely as a convenience to you. By linking to these websites, Awana does not create or have an affiliation with, or sponsor such third party websites. Awana does not review all sites that may be linked directly or indirectly to the Website.  The inclusion of links within the Website does not constitute any endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or recommendation of such third party websites. Awana has no control over the legal documents and privacy practices of third party websites and is not responsible for objectionable content that may be on other websites.  Your access to and use of any such third party websites is at your own risk.  If you find a linked site that contains objectionable material, is outdated or does not operate, please send a message to webmaster@Awana.org.
Dispute Resolution
You agree that any claim or cause of action in law or equity arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Awana Services, the Website, or products purchased through the Website shall be filed, and that venue properly lies, only in the state or federal courts located in Cook County, Illinois, United States of America, and you consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating such claim or cause of action.  These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to conflict of law provisions.  You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Awana Services, the Website, or any products purchased through the Website must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, we retain the right to seek from any court of competent jurisdiction the remedy of specific performance of any term contained in these Terms, or a preliminary or permanent injunction against the breach of any such term or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in these Terms, or any combination thereof.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Survival
The rights of Awana under this Agreement shall survive termination of the License or you or your church ceasing to use Awana Services or this Website.  You may not assign this Agreement or your rights or obligations under this Agreement.
Waiver
No waiver of any provision of these Terms by us shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitutes the entire agreement between Awana and you with respect to the Awana Services and the Website.
PRIVACY POLICY
Awana has created this Privacy Policy to assure you that we are committed to protecting your privacy and will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully.  This policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles and to inform you of the way your information is collected and used.   Awana requests only the personal information needed to facilitate an appropriate response.
Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.  BY USING OUR WEBISTE OR PROVIDING US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, YOU AGREE TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BEING USED AND STORED AS SET OUT IN THIS POLICY.  If you disagree with the terms of this Privacy Policy your sole remedy is to discontinue use of this Website.  We may update this policy periodically, so please check back regularly.  Any changes, modifications, additions or deletions to this Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by posting the revised Policy on this page.
Donor Privacy Policy
Awana is committed to respecting the personal privacy of its donors. We will not sell, share or trade our donor’s names or personal information with any other organization, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by Awana, both online and offline, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.
As set forth further in the Privacy Policy, we use personal information to keep you informed of our activities including our programs, opportunities, special events and funding needs. We respect all requests from donors to keep their identities anonymous. We will always provide an “opt-out” procedure for donors to request that their identities be kept anonymous or to request that their names be deleted from mailings, phone calls, or electronic communications in the future. You may contact Awana at any time and we will gladly accommodate your preferences. Individuals may choose to opt out of electronic communication including emails. Individuals may also request that their record be flagged as “Do Not Call.” Awana will honor all or a combination of these “opt out” preferences. To “opt out” of any mails, phone calls, or electronic communications, please email us at privacy@awana.org.
How we collect information about you
Information you provide us
We may collect information from you in the following ways:
(a) Our use of cookies;
(b) You make a donation to us, or respond to our mailings and appeals;
(c) You purchase products or program materials, or request information or materials from Awana;
(d) You contact us in relation to volunteering on our behalf;
(e) You apply for a job with us, become an employee, or provide consultancy services directly to us; or
(f) You contact us with inquiries or other correspondence (including via social media) or become involved with us in another way.
If you interact with us in one of the ways listed above, we may collect and process personal information about you such as:
(a) Your name, address, email address, telephone number, your age;
(b) Information you enter onto our Website or other hard copy forms at an event;
(c) Records of your correspondence with us, if you have contacted us;
(d) Details of your visit to our Website, including your IP address;
(e) Financial information such as your bank or card details;
(f) Whether you have a relationship to another supporter (e.g. husband/wife)
We do not collect data concerning health, unless there is a legitimate reason to do so. If we need to collect this type of data, we will obtain your consent or draw this specifically to your attention so you understand what information is needed and why we need it.
We automatically track and collect “Traffic Data,” including your computer’s IP address, domain server, type of computer, and type of web browser when you visit our site. We also maintain logs of the specific details of your activity on our site (ie. The pages you visited, when a particular link is clicked, how long you were signed on).  Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you.
Information we receive from other sources
Your information may be given to us by third parties, such as online tracking technologies. Collecting information in this manner allows us to collect statistics about our Websites’ usage and effectiveness and to personalize your experience while you are on our third-party websites.
These third parties are subject to their own policies on data protection and privacy. It is a good idea to check their privacy policy when you provide your information to them to fully understand how they will process your data and may share it with others.
These third parties are often processing your data on our behalf so as the data controller, Awana, is responsible for the security and proper processing of your personal data.
Why and how we use your information and on what basis
We will process your personal information in accordance with this policy and our obligations under applicable data protection laws and regulations.  If you provide your personal information to us, you consent to our use of it for the following reasons:
(a) To administer your purchase or donation;
(b) To confirm receipt of donation and to say thank you and provide details of how your donation might be used;
(c)  To provide you with the services, activities or information you have indicated that you want to receive;
(d) To provide you with a comprehensive transaction history (e.g. donations, purchases, etc.);
(e) To comply with applicable laws and regulations, and requests from statutory agencies;
(f) For our own internal administrative purposes and to keep a record of your relationship with us;
(g) For marketing purposes, to provide you with information about us, our fundraising campaigns, our services, and any other information, products, activities or services that we provide;
(h) Where you have provided your consent to publish your personal data;
(i) To provide you with information about volunteering opportunities;
(j) To provide essential event information where you have signed up to attend;
(k) To manage your communication preferences with us generally;
(l) To notify you about changes to our services and/or donor opportunities;
(m) To ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer/mobile device; and
(n) To resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our policies and agreements.
In some cases, we may process data without consent where we are legally allowed to do so, and where we have legitimate reasons for doing to, provided we respect your legal rights.
From time to time, we may use information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you request to receive no further contact from us or request to have your personal data deleted from our system, we will keep some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted communications in the future. If we do not retain this information, then this could result in us contacting you again as we would no longer have a record of your request not to be contacted.
Where we store your information
The information we collect from you will be stored in the U.S. However, there may be times when we need to transfer your data to a destination outside the U.S. to provide you with requested services (e.g. requesting information from one of our global ministries). If we send your personal data outside the U.S. or other areas outside the European Union (EU), we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the recipient implements appropriate measures to protect your information. By submitting your details, you agree to this use of your data.
Online payment transactions will be encrypted. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. We will not ask you to share your password with anyone.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure (though note that our online payment transactions are securely encrypted). We do our best to protect your personal data, and our entire site is secure.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorized access.
Who has access to your information
Awana may allow our staff, consultants and/or external providers acting on our behalf to access and use your information for the purposes for which you have provided it to us (e.g. to deliver mailings, for research, to analyze data and to process payments) or for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. We only provide them with the information they need to deliver the relevant service or it is relevant to their work, and we make sure your information is transferred securely and treated with the same level of care as if we were handling it directly.
We will not disclose or share your personal information (including your email address) with anyone outside our organization without your permission. We do not share, sell, rent, or lease your personal data to third parties for the purposes of marketing. However, we may share information with our service providers or other related ministries with which we cooperate to assist us with establishing, maintaining, and managing our relationship with you and providing ministry products and services.
We may disclose your information to other organizations and agencies if we are under a duty to disclose or share it in order to comply with any legal obligation, subpoena, court order, or other legal processes; or in order to enforce or apply any agreement; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or others.
In accordance with our Child Protection Policy and our commitment to protect vulnerable children from all forms of exploitation and abuse, we may share details, including personal data, relating to serious breaches of our Child Protection Policy and procedures with statutory authorities, such as the police.
Awana worldwide offices
We may need to disclose your information to other offices in some circumstances with your consent. Awana has its international headquarters in the U.S, but works in over 120 countries. Awana offices in other countries may be best placed to manage your relationship and provide you with any necessary support.
For example, if you provide support or are involved in an Awana project or activity in one of our international locations, elements of your personal data (e.g. your name and address) may be shared with the relevant office in that country in accordance with this policy. We will only share your details with another office in accordance with data protection laws and regulations and where we have your consent to do so.  By submitting your information to us, you consent to our disclosure of it to our missionaries and other personnel located in your country or in the county where Awana missionaries or other personnel oversee Awana activities for your region.
Other Awana offices may legally be required to share data in accordance with their relevant domestic legislation and potential law enforcement requirements.
Your rights
To request details of the information we hold about you, to request that we no longer contact you or that you no longer wish to receive information from us, to update us on your contact details, or to change your preferences, simply let us know using one of the following:
(a) Send an email to privacy@awana.org
(b) Write to Awana Clubs International, c/o Legal Risk Management Department, 1 E Bode Road, Streamwood, IL 60107; or
(c) Call one of our representatives at (866) 292-6227 between 8am-4:30pm CST (Monday through Friday).
Instructions for unsubscribing from emails will also be included in each email communication we send.
Under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), which became law in the countries within the European Union (EU) in May 2018, EU citizens are granted a number of additional rights. These include:
(a) The right to access;
(b) The right to correction;
(c) The right to erasure;
(d) The right to restrict processing;
(e) The right to data portability;
(f) The right to object;
(g) The right to opt-out;
(h) The right to withdraw consent; and
(i) Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
In order to exercise your rights, please contact our data privacy representative(s) using the contact information set out in this policy.  In response to a request, we will ask you to verify your identity if we need to, and to provide information that helps us to understand your request better. If we do not comply with your request, whether in whole or in part, we will explain why.  In addition to contacting us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Legal Bases for Processing (for EEA users)
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable European Union laws. The legal bases depend on the services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you the Website, including to operate the Website and to protect the safety and security of the Website;
It is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.  Where we are using your information because we or a third party have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the services you receive from us.
The hosting facilities for the Website are located in the United States. We work with third party providers that may be based in other countries or have facilities in other countries. The information you provide us will be transferred outside of the EEA to countries that do not adequately protect your data and that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. The possible risks of transferring your data outside of the EEA include financial loss, identity theft, and being unable to exercise the rights you would usually have under data protection laws against the organizations or individuals who receive and have access to your data in those jurisdictions. You consent to this transfer of your data by providing it to us. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time.
Cookies and how we use them
Like most websites, we use cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit the website. Cookies do not harm your computer. Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us, to another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about you. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features that make your guest experience more engaging and some of our services may not function properly.
Third-party websites and social networks
If you click on a hyperlink from our Website to any third party websites (e.g. if you “share” content from our Website with friends or colleagues on social media), you may be sent cookies from these third party websites. They will do so pursuant to their own policies on privacy and cookies. It’s a good idea to check their privacy policies to fully understand their use of cookies.
Disabling cookies
By using our Website, you consent to our use of cookies as updated from time to time and the cookies we use will be stored on your device (unless rejected or disabled by your browser).
Internet browsers normally accept cookies by default. However, it is possible to set an internet browser to reject cookies. If you do not accept our use of cookies as set out in this policy, please set your internet browser to reject cookies. This may impair your ability to use our Website so that some features may not work.
How long do we keep your personal data
We retain personal information for as long as we reasonably require it for legal or business purposes. In determining data retention periods, Awana takes into consideration data protection regulations, local laws, contractual obligations and the expectations and requirements based on the nature of the relationship.
Children’s Privacy
Awana is concerned about the privacy of children.  We support your efforts to be involved with your child's internet activity, and encourage you to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.  We do not collect any more personal information than is reasonably necessary to enable them to participate in the activities we offer on our sites.  Our interaction with your child will be limited to surveys/polls where your child can provide anonymous feedback on given questions or topics.  We will not request any identifying information in this type of scenario, although we may request (but not require) age and gender information to give Awana a better understanding of kids and their preferences.  Awana will not share this type of demographic information with any third parties.  We also collect information from your child’s use of the Website, such as IP addresses and information received from cookies, as described in the above “Cookies and how we use them” section.
Awana does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age via the Website.  If Awana becomes aware that it has unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 via the Website, the information will be deleted immediately.  If a child under the age of 13 submits a question or request to Awana via e-mail Awana may use the email address provided by the child for the sole purpose of responding to the child’s question or carrying out his or her request on a one-time-only basis.  Awana will not use the email address provided by the child for any other purpose, and the email address will be deleted from our records once the question has been answered or the request has been fulfilled.
How to Contact Us
We welcome your feedback!  If you have any specific questions, please feel free to use the following email addresses:
Data Privacy Questions: privacy@Awana.org
Web Content/Errors: webmaster@Awana.org
Copyright Infringement: legal@Awana.org
Copyright/Trademark Requests: permission@Awana.org
If you have any additional comments or questions, please feel free to contact us as follows:
Phone:  630-213-2000
Or write us at the following address:
Awana Clubs International
ATTN:  Legal Risk Management Department
1 E Bode Road
Streamwood, IL  60107
X Close
By using this site you agree to our terms of use.
X
<!--End of Tawk.to Script–>