https://www.knom.org/wp/ways-to-give/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
780 AM | 96.1 FM | “Yours for Western Alaska”
Send a Hotline
Request a Song
Give Now
We take every precaution to protect our donors’ privacy. When donors submit sensitive information to us, this information is protected: both on and off the web. And our goal is to contact you as much as you want us to, when you want us to.
If a donor chooses to give online, his or her sensitive information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted via a secure encryption method (SSL). KNOM uses Blackbaud – one of the world’s most trusted e-commerce services – to keep its online giving secure.
We do everything in our power to protect sensitive information off-line. All of our donor information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need information to perform a specific job, such as to print a thank-you letter, are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Your phone number is used only to contact you if there is a question about your donation. We do not telemarket, nor do we share your phone number with others, in hopes of preventing unwanted phone calls.
If you are subscribed to our monthly newsletter (The Nome Static) and no longer wish to receive our mailings, just let us know, and we’ll gladly take you off the list.
Again: we will not provide your personal information to anyone, for any reason.
Any questions? Just let us know. We’d be happy to help.
PrayersJoin us in praying the Chaplet of Divine Mercy, the Holy Rosary, and a prayer novena to St. Kateri Tekakwitha.
The daily 'Homily for the Homebound', by Fr. Ross Tozzi, can be heard here. Join KNOM’s Email List
Get The Nome Static (KNOM’s monthly newsletter) in your inbox
We’re hiring! KNOM is currently hiring a News Director to oversee the station’s news department and provide daily news coverage, and an Operations Manager to help manage station operations.  Read more here.
The KNOM Newsletter
Christmas 2020 Articles
“Happy Birthday”, Western Alaska-StyleListen to a few distinctively Western Alaska versions of the Happy Birthday” songs heard each day during Hotlines.KNOM on TwitterMy Tweets
Scroll To Top