http://www.connectdc.org/content/privacy-policy
Connect DC @ Two Rivers Sanctuary
Home
FAQ
About
Contact
My Account
Healing the city with magic, mystery and celebration since 1999
Home Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site.
When registering on our site you may be asked to enter your: name, magickal name (or nick name), e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, birthday or spiritual affiliation.
What do we use your information for?
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include upcoming rituals, planning meetings, seasonal prayers, special events, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We work hard to maintain the safety of your personal information when you register on our site.   Personal information is only viewable to authorized persons.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Note: The only third party we currently use is Amber Eyes. Amber Eyes provides website design and maintenance. Amber Eyes is owned and operated by Katrina Messenger.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'My account' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website. [under construction]
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 12/31/2009
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.connectdc.org/contact
Katrina Messenger
PO Box 5223
Takoma Park, MD 20913
USA
convener@connectdc.org
Upcoming Rituals
December Dark Moon Message
Sunday, December 13, 2020 - 7:30pm
Connect DC Yule
Sunday, December 20, 2020 - 12:00pm
December Full Moon
Tuesday, December 29, 2020 - 7:30pm
Connect DC
Copyright 1999-2020 Katrina MessengerSite design by Amber EyesGraphic design by Manifestation Designs
Privacy Policy