http://www.the-horoscope.com/general-conditions-of-use.asp
Toggle navigation
Menu
Your Personal Horoscope
Your Personal Horoscope
Home
Horoscope Today
Horoscope Tomorrow
General Horoscope
General Horoscope
Daily Horoscope
Weekly Horoscope
Happy birthday !!
Daily Lucky numbers
Signs of the Zodiac
Numerology
More links
Services
Free Personal Horoscope
The-horoscope.com
Recommend our site
In your favourites
Webmaster
Display the daily horoscope
Links to our site
iPhone (iOS)
Android
Home
Horoscope Today
Horoscope Tomorrow
Homegeneral conditions of use
163 People are consulting their horoscope at this moment.
General Conditions of Use
the-horoscope.com offers you the possibility of having access on the Internet to a generalized horoscope, personalized as well as to diverse services on the astrology, the clairvoyance and the divinatory arts.
It's better to have acquainted with the general conditions before the use of our site.
You must have an internet access and to be a natural person of more than 18 years old to benefit from our services. The costs of access to the Internet network as well as to our site will remain at your expense exclusive.
the-horoscope.com provides users some free services of generalized horoscopes or some personalized horoscopes.
Cnil N° 883702 : According to the law n°78-17 of January 6th, 1978 relative to the computing, you have a right of access, opposition and rectification on the particulars which you supplied us within the framework of the use of our services.
You can cancel your registration at any time by returning on www.the-horoscope.com/remove.asp with the password which will have been awarded to you during your recording
Or by writing us at the following address :
the-horoscope.com - Le Web -BP9478513 RAMBOUILLETFRANCE
the-horoscope.com reserves the right at any time, to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or part of its services, without having to first inform the user. The site can not be held responsible for any interruptions of service (not the Internet, site hosting).
the-horoscope.com is not responsible, nor does not give any warranty to the use of partner sites and other business proposals via gateways advertising on our site.
These general conditions of sale are subject to French law. the-horoscope.com reserves the right to change these terms of sale without notice. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the Terms by the user.
To contact the-horoscope.com :By email : webjc@webjc.comBy mail : the-horoscope.com - Le Web - BP94 78513 RAMBOUILLETFRANCE
About Cookies
DEFINITION OF A COOKIE:A cookie is a text file placed on your computer when visiting a website or viewing an advertisement. It aims to collect information about your browsing and contact services tailored to your terminal (computer, mobile or tablet). Cookies are managed by your web browser.
THE VARIOUS ISSUERS:Cookies on www.the-horoscope.com : These cookies are deposited by www.the-horoscope.com on your terminal to answer needs for navigation, for optimization and for customization of the services on my site.Third-party cookies: these cookies are deposited by third companies (from partners) to identify your centers of interest and possibly personalize the advertising offer which is sent to you on my site and off of my site.They can be deposited when you browse my site or when you click in the advertising spaces of my site. Within the framework of partnership, I ensure that partner companies strictly comply with the Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978 and that they undertake appropriate measures to secure and protect data privacy...
SETUP YOUR INTERNET BROWSER:You can choose at any time to deactivate these cookies. Your browser can be also parametrized to indicate you the cookies which are deposited in your computer and to ask you to accept them or not.You can accept or refuse cookies on an individual basis either refuse them systematically. I remind you that the configuration of your system may modify your conditions of access to my contents and services requiring the use of cookies. If browser is configured so as to refuse all the cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of a part of my services. To manage cookies as closely as possible to your expectations I invite you to configure your browser by taking into account the purpose of cookies..
Internet Explorer :In Internet Explorer, click the Tools button, click Internet Options. On the General tab, under Browsing History, click Settings. Click the View Files button.
Firefox :Go to the Tools tab browser and then select the Options menu In the window that appears, choose Privacy and click Show Cookies.
Safari :In your browser, select Edit> Preferences. Click Security. Click Show Cookies.
Google Chrome :Click the icon in the Tools menu. Select Options. Click the Advanced tab and go to the Privacy section. Click the Show Cookies button.
Consult Your Complete Personal Horoscope for Free
Daily Horoscope
Your complete personal horoscope
Password
Forgotten password? Not yet of password?
Forgotten password ?
You have lost your password, enter your email and validate
Email
Validate
Close
Play Official Lottery
Weekly Horoscope
Aries weekly horoscope
Taurus weekly horoscope
Gemini weekly horoscope
Cancer weekly horoscope
Leo weekly horoscope
Virgo weekly horoscope
Libra weekly horoscope
Scorpio weekly horoscope
Sagittarius weekly horoscope
Capricorn weekly horoscope
Aquarius weekly horoscope
Pisces weekly horoscope
The-horoscope.com
Recommend our site
In your favourites
General Horoscope
Daily Horoscope
Weekly Horoscope
Lucky Numbers
Signs of the Zodiac
Happy birthday
Our applications
for iPhone (iOS)
Webmasters
Display our horoscope for free
Links to our site
General Conditions of Use | Cookies
© 2000 - 2020 The-horoscope.com - All rights reserved