http://www.james-harper.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Top Image
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for James Harper. It applies solely to this website.
We analyse digital records which contain details such as:
IP addresses
webpages viewed while on the Society’s website
web browser used
type of digital device accessing the website
Where users provide us with information, that information is treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Forms
Any information submitted through forms on this website is transferred to us by email and will be dealt with by us in accordance with data protection legislation.
Emails are not encrypted before being sent to us and as the internet is not always totally secure, users are sending the information at their own risk.
– is this true?
Notification of changes
Information about any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this website.
Disclaimer
James Harper takes every effort to ensure that the information published on this website is accurate. However, we cannot accept any liability for the accuracy or content. Under no circumstances shall the Society be liable for any loss or damage arising from the use of or reliance on information contained within the site.
By using this website you show that you understand and acknowledge that no contractual or other legal relationship is created between you and James Harper, its members, trustees, agents and/or employees through your use of the site.
The material featured on the James Harper website is subject to copyright protection unless otherwise indicated. Copyright protected material may be downloaded free-of-charge without requiring specific permission. This is subject to the material being reproduced accurately and not being used in a derogatory manner or in a misleading context. Where this material is being issued to others, the source (including URL) and copyright status must be acknowledged.
This permission to reproduce copyright protected material does not extend to any material on this site which is identified as being the copyright of a third party. Authorisation to reproduce such material must be obtained directly from the copyright holders concerned.
Where images of people appear on this site, those people have given their consent for the use of the images for this site. The use of these images for any other purpose would constitute a breach of confidentiality on the part of the person using them for that other purpose.
Data retention policy
This website operates with a data-retention policy in order to comply with the Privacy Enhancing Technology guidance from the Information Commissioner. This means that data has predefined time limits for storage and is only retained by the system for as long as it is considered useful.
Analytics
Like most websites, we make use of analytics software in order to help us understand the trends in popularity of our website. We make no use of personally identifiable information in any of the statistical reports we use from this package.
We use an analytics package called Google Analytics who provide separate details in the Google privacy policy.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Server statistics
Again, like most websites we have access to server statistics which provide aggregated statistics on bandwidth and server load. This load data is used to manage bandwidth effectively.
The server statistics are not designed to collect any individually identifiable information and the reports we receive are generally numerical and in graph format.
Alongside the server statistics, we collect information on: popular search terms used on the website, which we have access to in order to arrange our pages better; visitor path information, which we will use for future design considerations; and file download popularity (numerical by month), which we use to determine popular and out-dated documents.
Virus protection
It is recommended that you run an anti-virus and a firewall program. We cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which occurs while using material derived from this website.
Availability
We cannot guarantee uninterrupted access to this website or the sites to which it links. We accept no responsibility for any damages arising from the loss of use of this information.