https://www.jaxhumane.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms of Use
Your use of Jacksonville Humane Society “JHS” website (www.jaxhumane.org) (the “website”) is contingent upon your acceptance of and compliance with the following Terms of Use. By using the JHS website you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to these terms. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, please do not access or use any of the website.
Use of Material on this Site
The JHS owns and maintains their website for your personal and educational purposes. All materials on the website, including artwork, photographs, maps, data, text, trademarks, service marks, and logos, are, unless otherwise noted, the exclusive property of JHS and are copyrighted. No portion of the website may be copied, downloaded, reproduced, reused, distributed, transmitted, or modified for any purpose without JHS’s express written permission. Any unauthorized use may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, or other applicable laws.
Limitation of Liability
The website is provided to you “as is” without any warranties of any kind, express or implied. JHS expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to goods and services sold on or through the website. By using the website you agree to bear all risk associated with the use of these website and agree to hold harmless JHS, its officers, directors, employees, volunteers and agents from all claims arising out of or related to your use of, or inability to use, the websites to which they are linked. You further agree that JHS or the contributors of information to the website will not be liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by you in reliance on such information.
Privacy Policy
JHS is committed to safeguarding the online privacy of our users, and recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information collected. No one under the age of 18 is allowed to register on the website. View complete JHS privacy policy »
Disclaimer
The website and all of the materials on or referenced by the website are provided on an “as is” basis. In no event shall JHS be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever with respect to the use of the website. You agree that you are using the website solely at your own risk.
Indemnification
By using the website and all their contents, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold JHS harmless from any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the website. Your use of the website constitutes an agreement between you and JHS. This agreement, which consists of the terms and conditions set forth herein, shall be governed by, construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. You acknowledge and consent to jurisdiction in Florida. Any action in connection with, relating to and/or arising from this agreement shall be brought exclusively in Jacksonville, Florida in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or JHS. You may terminate this agreement at any time by discontinuing use of the website. JHS may also terminate this agreement at any time without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the website, if in JHS’s sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use. Possible evidence of use of any of the website for illegal purposes may be provided by JHS to law enforcement authorities in the discretion of JHS. This is the entire agreement between the parties related to the use of the website.
Linking
These terms and conditions apply only to the website. In addition to our own website, we provide links to other third party websites that are not under JHS’s control. JHS is not responsible for the terms and conditions, privacy practices or the content of any website linked to from the website. You acknowledge that when you leave the website and access a linked site you do so at your own risk and that JHS does not endorse any linked website.
Modifications
JHS reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time by posting such change here. Your continued use of these website after such change is made constitutes acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the Terms and Use as modified.
Copyright Notice
© 2015. Jacksonville Humane Society (JHS). All Rights Reserved.
Related Links