https://www.fbnn.org/gethelp/snap/
Donate Now
Who We Are
About Us
Who We Serve
Programs & Services
Board of Directors
Staff Members
Careers
Financials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Ways to Give
Give Now
Give Monthly
Give Food
Other Ways to Give
Get Involved
Volunteer
Host a Food & Fund Drive
Events
Corporate Partners
Raise Awareness
Learn About Hunger
Become a Partner
Become a Board Member
Stories of Change
Get Help
Neighborhood Pantry
Meals for Kids
SNAP Help
Nutrition Education
Getting Ahead
Program Schedules
Blog
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Partner Agency
SNAP Help
Roughly half of Nevadans who are eligible for food stamps actually receive them.  The Food Bank of Northern Nevada helps people in need apply for this vital benefit.
Home > Get Help > SNAP Help
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP/formerly food stamps) is an important program for struggling families, seniors, and others.  The Food Bank of Northern Nevada offers SNAP Outreach to help connect eligible clients to these vital benefits.
If you or someone you know may be eligible for SNAP benefits, our SNAP Outreach staff can help you with:
•    Answering questions about income guidelines and other qualification requirements
•    Helping applicants to fill out and submit their application
•    Conducting the required interview portion of the application process
•    Accepting and verifying required documentation for the application process
•    Requesting information about the status of an application or current SNAP case
The SNAP Outreach team is also available to help fill out your SNAP Application over the phone.  Click here for more details.
View the SNAP Guidelines Flier for more information.
SNAP Outreach Schedules:
DECEMBER – Washoe County | Rural Northern Nevada
Download the SNAP Application to get started.
You may bring your completed application to any SNAP Outreach site.  We’ll also be happy to assist you, if needed, in completing the form.
Clients living outside of Washoe County may also reach a SNAP Outreach staff member for assistance with applying for benefits by contacting our SNAP hotline at (775) 331-3663, ext. 152, Monday-Friday from 8 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
{Click here to view the State of Nevada Division of Welfare and Supportive Services Non-Discrimination Statements.}
Please note: If you are e-mailing in regards to receiving food stamp benefits, please include a phone number to reach you at (if possible) so that we may contact you in a timely manner.