http://www.gisearch.com/privacy/
Home
My Profile
Members
Search
Forum
Privacy Policy Member Login
GIsearch respects your privacy. The information You provide helps us make GIsearch more fun for You. It also enables us to give You updates about our Service. We use technology and agreements in an attempt to protect any personally identifiable information that You provide (like your name, age and email address). You should not receive any unauthorized email or postal mail from third parties as a result of giving information to GIsearch. Please keep in mind that whenever You voluntarily disclose personal information in GIsearch's public areas your information can be collected and used by others.
Children under 13
In order to comply with the new Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not allow children under 13 to register on GIsearch.com. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Note to Parents
GIsearch wants to help parents protect the privacy of children, especially those under age 13. If you have any concerns about the GIsearch site or its related Services, wish to find out if your child is a member of the Service, or wish to cancel your child's membership, please contact us.
The Details
Below are more details about the information we gather from You and how we use it. We will update this web page as our policies change or to answer common questions that may arise.
Email Newsletters.
GIsearch may, in the future, offer email newsletters on one of the pages of our site. To sign up to receive one of our newsletters, we ask only for your email address. You can use a GIsearch email account (if and when they become available) or an account that You may have with another service provider. We will use your email address only to send You the newsletter that You signed up for. We do not give out our newsletter subscriber lists to others. However, our newsletter will contain advertisements by various businesses. If You want to update your email address or stop receiving our newsletter, just contact us or follow the procedures at the bottom of each email we send You.
Membership and Free Email.
When You sign up as a member of GIsearch, we ask for information about You and your interests. At a minimum, we require your name, birth date, and zip code. The more information You volunteer, the more we can tailor the site and promotions to your interests. By becoming a member, You authorize us to send You email updates and information about promotions offered by GIsearch and our advertisers. We do not allow our advertisers to use our member list to send email directly to our members.
Opt-Out.
When You Register as a new member and from time to time, we offer You the ability to "opt-out" of some uses of Your information. You may cancel your membership at any time by clicking on the "Cancel Service" link found on your member profile page.
Cookies.
The process that we use to serve advertisements and to track use of our site involves a "cookie" (a file placed upon Your computer). This cookie helps us and our advertising service track the frequency and placement of advertisements and lets us recognize you when you come back to our site. In order to implement new services, we may use other types of cookies as well. For example, for shopping pages, we may use cookies to keep track of items that You place in your "shopping basket."
Sites You Visit.
As You access our affiliate sites, GIsearch may store information about which web sites You visit and other information presented in your browser's URL address line. GIsearch will use this information to help us figure out what our users are most interested in.
Promotions.
We may ask you for personal information at other times, including, but not limited to, when you enter sweepstakes, contests or promotions sponsored by GIsearch; when you submit a review of a product or web site; and/or when you report a problem with any of our Services.
Surveys and User Research.
GIsearch conducts email and Web-delivered surveys from time to time, as well instant polls, to gather information about our audience. These surveys and polls are optional. You have no obligation to respond to them. We share the aggregate results of these surveys - not individual data -with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and monitor the reach of their advertising on our Service. We also store some of the information that You provide in these surveys to help us understand Your interests and to make the site more useful for You.
Service Providers.
GIsearch may share non-personal, aggregate, or summary, information regarding our users with affiliates, service providers or other third parties. This kind of information does not identify you individually. We contract with others to provide some GIsearch Services. In these cases, the service providers need to have access to some of our member data. We take care to require that our service providers only use our member's data as necessary to provide the particular Service and have no rights to use the personal information of our members for any other purpose. In addition, we will disclose members' personal information to government authorities if required.
Our Affiliates and Other Sites.
You should be aware that when you are on the GIsearch site, You may be directed to other sites operated by our partners, or sites operated by our service providers that are beyond our control. Some of these sites will have their own separate membership process and privacy policies. GIsearch does not control sites that are operated by others and so cannot be responsible for the information practices of these sites. Other sites may set their own cookies, collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where You end up. It is always a good idea to check the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of any site before offering any of your personal information.
Security.
GIsearch will use diligent efforts to protect the security and integrity of the information You provide to us once it is received on our systems. Unfortunately, when You submit information about yourself to GIsearch over the Internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the control of GIsearch. The Internet is not 100% secure and others may intercept the information that You are sending.
Updating Your Information.
To update Your account information such as Your city or interests, please use the Member Profile Page
Changes to the Policy.
By registering as a member of GIsearch, You agree to accept this Privacy Policy and are aware that our policy may change over time. This policy will always be available to users on this page for members to read. Members will be notified by email or by a prominent notice on the GIsearch web site in advance of any change in our Privacy Policy. Continued use of the GIsearch web site or other GIsearch services, will signify that You agree to these changes.
Still have Questions?
If You have any other questions about the GIsearch privacy policy, please contact us.
Members
01  02  03  04  05  06  07  08  09  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  1819  20  21  22  23  24  25  26  27  28  29  30  31  32  33  34  35  3637  38  39  40  41  42  43  44  45  46  47  48  49  50  51  52  53
Quick Links
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Recent Searches
About GI Search
GI Search is a free military search and military social network helping search, locate,
and stay in touch with the military friends and loved ones in the Army, Air Force,
Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard. Search for anyone who was or is in the military or browse through the archive photos of bases, aircraft, naval ships.
GI Search partners with recreational classifieds featuring
and .
Copyright © 1999-2020		This GI Search page loaded in
0.0002748966217041		seconds