http://www.mumalawoffice.com/b/privacy/
Privacy - Qredible
Skip to content
Home
Advice Hub
General
Commercial Law
Consumer Rights
Conveyancing
Residential Conveyancing
Criminal Law
Fraud
Harassment
Employment
Constructive Dismissal
Employment Contract
Redundancy
Unfair Dismissal
Wrongful Dismissal
Family Law
Children
Civil Partnership
Divorce
Domestic Violence
Relationship
Financial Services
Human Rights
Immigration
Visas
Landlord & Tenant
Litigation
Motoring Offences
Personal Injury
Neighbour Disputes
Professional Negligence
Tax
Wills & Probate
Guest Blogs
Commercial Law
Criminal Law
Wills & Probate
Choose A Lawyer
For Lawyers
News
ARE YOU A LAWYER? SIGN UP HERE
Frequently asked questions
Find a solicitor ?
ARE YOU A LAWYER? SIGN UP HERE
Privacy Policy
DIGITAL DIRECTORIES LIMITED
Introduction
Welcome to the http://www.qredible.co.uk (referred to as “Qredible”, “we”, “us” or “our”) privacy policy.
Qredible respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you how we look after your personal data when you visit our Website (as defined below) regardless of where you visit it from and use our services and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given in the Terms (as defined below).
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy (together with our Terms of Service (the “Terms”) and any other documents referred to therein) aims to give you information on how Qredible collects and processes your personal data through your use of the website at http://www.qredible.co.uk and its associated sub-domains (together, the “Website”), including any personal data you may provide through the Website when you sign up to our newsletter or purchase any service.
The Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Digital Directories Limited is the owner of the Website and is a data controller in respect of certain personal data provided by Users via the Website and by email and by third parties including suppliers, provided through a variety of methods.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below.
Contact details
Full name of legal entity: Digital Directories Limited (company number 11544560)
Postal address: 125 Kingsway, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 6NH
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
The Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave the Website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes name.
Contact Data includes address, email address and telephone number.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the Website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use the Website and our services such as the full uniform resource locations (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Website (including date and time), pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits of certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We may also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
create a Lawyer Profile on our Website;
complete a form on our Website including to contact a Lawyer as a Client;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our Website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a) analytics providers;
(b) advertising networks; and
(c) search information providers.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Use Qredible.co.uk to find the right lawyer for you
Qredible.co.uk, connecting people with lawyers
Experienced lawyers
Lawyers, Solicitors, Conveyancers and Barristers are waiting to help you
Varied practice areas No matter what legal issue you have, find the right lawyer at Qredible.co.uk
Free and without contract Contact the right lawyer for you for free and without registration
FIND MY LAWYER
About us
Frequently asked questions
Privacy
Terms
Press Office
Contact us
© Qredible 2020 all rights reserved