http://www.astrology.ca/contact-us/privacy/
Privacy Policy for Astrology.ca
Privacy Policy for Astrology.ca
I, Brandi Jasmine, am the sole proprietor responsible for the content on this domain. I can be reached via this email form at any time.
Email Lists
Email addresses are collected for periodic notifications about changes to site content. All collection is done via a double opt-in process. Email addresses are not shared with third parties for any reason.
If you supply me with your email or postal address you will only receive the products or information for which you provided your address. I do not collect phone numbers and do no telephone marketing. The only time I will call someone is on specific request or advanced email notification.
Third Party Sites
The privacy policies of third party affiliate sites such as PayPal, CafePress and other affiliate partners over-ride mine when and where they are used. However, I have chosen these partners carefully to ensure that their policies are reasonable, that they do not spam, and that they do have a high degree of privacy respect.
Cookies
I gather no personal or aggregate information from cookies at this time but may change that policy without advance notice. Any changes to my cookie policies will be noted here at the time of implementation.
I may partner with or link to third-party companies who do set cookies on their systems, or link to pages outside my site where cookies are used. There are not always warnings or privacy policies on these sites and I cannot control the actions of other sites. I do not believe that any of my affiliate partners are abusing cookies – they are primarily used for security and login access.
Changes to this policy
From time to time, I may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in my privacy notice. If my information practices change at some time in the future I will post the policy changes to my Web site to notify you of these changes and will provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at my Web site periodically.
Changes to customer information
Upon request I provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that I maintain about them. I do not maintain financial information (e.g., orders made/delivered). Contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) may be maintained in some cases, but I maintain no contact information as a regular matter of course unless visitors have specifically opted to join one of my newsletters or discussion groups.
Security
With respect to security: I accept credit card payment through secured servers via PayPal and CafePress and as such do not have direct access to card numbers. Customers should consult the privacy and security policies of these companies for details.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, require additional information before using this site, or wish to request a telephone contact number, you may contact me, and I’ll do anything reasonably possible to address your concerns.
Free Horoscopes
Astrology.ca!
Get free horoscopes for your zodiac sign here at Astrology.ca. If you would like a unique Zodiac gift, we have a collection of Horoscope Art and Zodiac Gifts that are not available anywhere else on the Internet.
Astrology.ca on Facebook
Astrology.ca