http://www.gcconsulting.com/privacystatement.php
About us
Attorney resources
Employer resources
Job listings
Submit resume
Contact Us
Sign In
Email:
Password:
Forgot your password?
New User?
General Counsel
Consulting
provided
exceptional
service in helping
my organization
recruit for a hard
to fill position.
They did extensive
work on the front
end to understand
our needs and
our culture and
began referring
highly qualified
candidates almost
immediately.
Melinda Burrows
Deputy General Counsel
- Litigation and
Compliance, Progress
Energy Service Company
LLC
Articles By Harrison Barnes From BCG Attorney Search The Legal Profession Needs Advocates—Not Firm or School Snobs, Paper Pushers, or Money GrubbersWhy Law Firms Do Not Like to Hire Attorneys From Most Practice Settings Other Than Law FirmsThe Top 15 Marketing and Sales Tricks Law Firms Use to Get You to Work ThereWhat’s a Good Way to Find Law Firms to Mail Your Resume to?How Do You Best Network With Firm Partners, and How Should You Drive the Conversation if You Get an Informal Network Chat?When It Comes to Networking, Is a Referral From a Fellow Attorney More or Less Effective Than a Referral From Someone Else – A Client, for Example?45 of the Worst Possible Questions Attorneys and Law Students Can Ask in InterviewsEvery Attorney’s Biggest Weakness is Their Need to Feel Important and LovedWhy You Should Never Give Up Your Law Firm Job Search: Lessons in Law Firm Job Search from an Abandoned Bangkok Street Puppy,
Two Attorney Crystal Meth Addicts and an Attorney Computer RepairmanTen Reasons You Will Never Be in Control Over Your Legal Career if You Work in a Law Firm
Click here
Job of the Day
Florida Lawyer
Miami Florida United States
Are you a Florida lawyer looking for new business? Are you interested in lowering your digital marketing spend and reaching more clients? Are you a disruptor who wants to make an impact on the legal profession? If so, lawzy invites you to join our la...
Counsel Jobs > Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement - General Counsel Consulting
General Counsel Consulting is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, and we are firmly devoted to maintaining your trust in us. We work extremely hard at safeguarding our customers' important information and keeping it secure. Our privacy policy is designed to help you understand our genuine dedication to preserving your privacy.
During the course of your registration with General Counsel Consulting, we collect certain information necessary for making placements. General Counsel Consulting will never sell any personal information about any of our customers to any third parties. We will never sell your e-mail address or any other contact information to any third parties for any purpose.
General Counsel Consulting is one of the Employment Research Institute companies, which include Attorney Research Group, BCG Attorney Search, CLE Authority, EdFed, Employment Crossing, General Counsel Consulting, Hound.com, JD Journal, JD2B, Judged, Law Firm Staff, Professional Authority, Resume Apple, and Southlake Properties LLC. Each company is a distinct and separately incorporated entity, and each company's databases and servers are maintained independently. Each employee of each company signs a strict confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement, ensuring that they do not disclose your private information to any other person or company.
In order to better serve our candidates, information regarding General Counsel Consulting candidates may be viewed by recruiters at BCG Attorney Search or Law Firm Staff. This allows each of the three companies to make more placements, as well as more ideal placements for their candidates. Although this works to the great benefit of General Counsel Consulting candidates, you may opt out of allowing your information to be viewed by the recruiters at the other two companies by e-mailing privacy@gcconsulting.com at any time. General Counsel Consulting will absolutely never share any information relating to your employment situation with any other third parties. We will absolutely never share any information from your resume with any other third parties. Each employee of General Counsel Consulting signs a strict confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement to ensure your privacy.
After contacting General Counsel Consulting, you may be notified of the potentially complementary services of another Employment Research Institute company. However, no information regarding your employment status, or information from your resume, will ever be shared with any other Employment Research Institute company, except as described above. Furthermore, the fact that the offer is coming from another Employment Research Institute company will be fully disclosed in the mailing, and you may opt out of such offers at any time as described below. No information will be used for purposes of such offers except your name, contact address, and year of graduation if applicable, and access to such information will be restricted to the sole purpose of communicating with you. Moreover, except as described above, any other personal information, such as employment status or information from your resume, will absolutely never be shared with any other Employment Research Institute company.
Opt-out: At any time, you may opt-out of receiving e-mails from General Counsel Consulting by e-mailing opt-out@gcconsulting.com. Furthermore, you may opt-out of receiving e-mails from other Employment Research Institute companies at any time by clicking on the appropriate "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any such e-mail.
Like other websites, we use cookies to enhance your visit to our website. Cookies will not be used to collect any personal information or to identify individual visitors. Rather, they may be used to collect information about your browser session, such as time and date, length of session, or pages visited. We do not collect any personal information via our website unless you actually provide such information.
While we reserve the right to change our privacy policy, the current policy will always be available at www.gcconsulting.com.
If you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding this statement, please email privacy@gcconsulting.com.
CEO Harrison Barnes Blog |
Tell A Friend |
Privacy Statement |
Browse Jobs |
Site Map |
Our Sites |
Latest Legal Counsel Jobs
© 2020 GENERAL COUNSEL CONSULTING, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss it, you will land among the stars.