http://www.fund.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Notice: This Privacy Policy was amended August 25, 2016, and changes will go into effect 10 days from August 25, 2016 on September 8, 2016.
The Humane Society Legislative Fund (HSLF) and its affiliated organizations are committed to keeping your personal information private and letting you control how we communicate with you online. Here's how:
We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any third party, except from time to time, we may make the information you have voluntarily given to us, excluding credit card information (which will never be disclosed), available to third parties for marketing purposes, including sponsors and licensees that provide special programs or services we think you might find interesting or beneficial. HSLF uses very strict standards in determining which reputable companies become sponsors and licensees, to ensure that such organizations are committed to the protection of visitors' privacy and committed to the goals of HSLF. If your volunteered personal information will be used in any manner other than as stated above, such use shall be specifically posted. If you wish to update or remove your information, or if you do not wish your information to be shared with affiliated third parties, please email us at humanesociety@hslf.org. You may also unsubscribe at any time through our email communications.
You will only receive emails from us when you opt in to receive them, take action online, or donate to us online. Every email you receive from us will include instructions on how you can quickly and easily remove yourself from our email list.
When you forward one of our emails or web pages to a friend using our "tell a friend" feature, we will not then begin sending your friend email. In fact, we won't even save your friend's email address.
When you donate to us online, we use a VeriSign-Secured payment processing system that keeps your credit card and other information safe. We use industry-standard security systems, software, and encryption technologies to protect against unauthorized access to our servers, equipment, and other components of our online presence.
When you visit hslf.org or one of our other websites, you do so anonymously. Unless you take action online, make a donation, complete a web form, or opt in to receive emails from us, the only information we collect about your visit is your Internet Protocol (IP) address and domain name. We aggregate this information to measure the number of visits to our sites, the average time spent on our sites, the number of pages viewed, and various other site statistics. Collecting this information helps us provide a more useful and engaging online experience, and we cannot identify you from this information (even if we wanted to).
When you visit hslf.org or one of our other websites, we will place a small file called a "cookie" on your hard drive, unless you have set your web browser not to accept them. We use cookies—which make it possible for our site to "remember you" when you move from page to page—both to improve the way our sites works for you and to provide us with information about how visitors navigate around our sites. We do not match any information gathered by cookies with personal information you may have submitted to us. If the use of cookies concerns you, then we encourage you to set your browser to warn you when a website attempts to place a cookie on your hard drive, and then choose which cookies you wish to accept.
The HSUS uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. The HSUS also uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
If you have any questions about this policy or about the HSLF's public education campaigns or political activities, please email us at humanesociety@hslf.org, or write to us at Humane Society Legislative Fund, 1255 23rd Street, NW, Suite 455, Washington, DC 20037. We'd love to hear from you.
Stay connected with news and action alerts: