https://www.amerilawyer.com/privacy.htm
PRIVACY POLICY PRIVACY POLICYVisitors to Our Site Our web server automatically recognizes the domain name of visitors to this site. Email addresses and other information voluntarily submitted in emails, registrations, surveys, and other postings, and non-user specific information on web pages, ads and links visitors access may also be collected.This information is used for internal review and then discarded, to improve the content and design Amerilawyer.com, to notify customers about Amerilawyer.com products and services that may be of interest to them. If you have received an email from Amerilawyer.com, and do not wish to receive email from us in the future, simply reply to that email and type in the subject heading the phrase, "Remove From Mailing List”.
You can opt-out off all communications from our company by sending an e-mail
to webmaster@amerilawyer.com or calling 1-(800) 603-3900 x244Non-user specific information about what pages visitors access and what ads and links are clicked may be shared with site advertisers and sponsors; you will never be individually identified to an outside company or organization in this context.ClientsIt is our policy not to sell or market our subscribers’ nonpublic personal information to third parties without your consent. Such information is used solely in the conduct of our business and to provide high-quality services to our subscribers. We will share your nonpublic personal information with third parties only to the extent we believe it is reasonably necessary to provide our services. In addition, in connection with providing services to you, we may also share your nonpublic personal and personally identifiable information with our affiliates. From time to time, Amerilawyer.com makes the email addresses and postal addresses of those ordering Amerilawyer.com products and subscriptions available to other reputable companies whose products or services may be of interest. Although we may analyze and aggregate your nonpublic personal information internally for the purposes of compiling statistics, evaluating trends in the marketplace, and evaluating the overall effectiveness of our services, no nonpublic personal information will be shared with third parties, except as provided herein, or used in any promotional materials. Safeguarding our subscribers' nonpublic personal information is a primary concern of Amerilawyer.com, and we have taken several steps to ensure that your nonpublic personal information is secure including the use of encryption technology to protect your sensitive information. This system ensures that your data is going to only to our servers by encrypting all network traffic between our machines.Users who supply their telephone numbers online may receive phone calls from Amerilawyer.com regarding their order. Please provide us with your correct phone number. We reserve the right to release such information to law enforcement or other governmental officials as we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem necessary to comply with the law.Amerilawyer.com reserves the right to change this privacy statement in its sole and absolute discretion. Any changes to the Amerilawyer.com Privacy Statement will be communicated through this site at least five days in advance of implementation and will apply only to that nonpublic personal information collected from you after the date of implementation.For further communications relating to SU’s and amerilawyer.com’s Service Terms and Cancellation Policy, please contact our Customer Service Supervisor at info@amerilawyer.com or 1-(800) 603-3900, Extension 233 or our Senior Attorney, Lawrence J. Spiegel, at (305) 854-6000, Extension 219.If your corporation has several owners, set up a multi-member LLC to lease the assets. The above benefits will still be available.Close Window