https://www.kairoscanada.org/privacy-policy/
Faithful Action For Justice
Toggle navigation
Kairos Canada
Home
Who We Are
Mission Statement
KAIROS Strategic Plan
Members & Steering Committee
Global Partners
KAIROS Network
Staff Directory
Job Opportunities
Areas of Work
ECOLOGICAL JUSTICE
GENDER JUSTICE
INDIGENOUS RIGHTS
MIGRANT JUSTICE
Prophetic Witness
Programs
Epiphany
KAIROS Blanket Exercise
Let Justice Roll: Implement UNDRIP
Migrant Justice Letter Campaign
MERE Hub
MMIWG Info-Hub
Waiting for Ombudsperson
Winds of Change
Women of Courage
News
Resources
Order/Download Resources
Webinars & Documents
Annual Report
KAIROS Times E-Newsletter
Ways to Give
Donate Now!
Monthly Giving
One-Time Donation
Matching Funds
In-Honour Gifts
Legacy Gifts
Justice (Endowment) Fund
Frequently Asked Questions
Get Involved
Join KAIROS
Advocacy & Campaigns
Host a Workshop
Volunteer
Connect with KAIROS Network
KAIROS Regional Gatherings
Events
Calendar of Events
Add Event
Galleries
Video Playlists
Photo Albums
Donate
Book a KBE
Subscribe
Search
KAIROS Privacy Policy
KAIROS is committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information in compliance with applicable federal and provincial legislation including but not limited to The Personal Information Protection and Electronics Act (PIPEDA).
As an advocacy and education organization, KAIROS regularly collects personal information including names, street and email addresses, and phone numbers in the course of carrying out our work in networking and advocacy. From to time to time, KAIROS may also collect information from our contacts related to faith affiliation, racial/cultural background and age to assist us in developing our education, animation and communication programs.
Personal information is collected from a variety of sources including:
The website: sign-up to KAIROS Times, and through our on-line donation capacity;
Book sales and subscriptions;
Participants at events;
Participants at KAIROS regional and local network meetings; and
Petitions or campaign sign-ons.
Personal information that is collected may be used by KAIROS only for the following purposes:
To establish and maintain relationships with our members, constituency and the general public;
To provide information on our programs, publications, partners’ visits and events;
To provide opportunities for participation in our education and advocacy campaigns; and
To request financial support for our work.
To request no contact for any or all of these purposes please contact Fahira Golich at fgolich@kairoscanada.org or call toll-free at 1 877 403 8933 extension 2036.
KAIROS will not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than those identified above.
KAIROS has never traded or sold any of our lists, for any purpose; nor will we ever do this unless we have first given each person the option to refuse his or her permission.
On request, KAIROS will ensure that individuals may access their personal information and request changes.
KAIROS will ensure that our privacy statement is publicly accessible.
This page was last updated on May 9, 2006.
Print Page