https://www.bostonherald.com/2019/04/21/privacy-veil-shouldnt-hurt-victims-of-bullying/
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Health
Weather
Columnists
Traffic
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
College Sports
High School Sports
Scores & Stats
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2020
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Fun & Games
Contests
Horoscope
Lottery
Comics
Puzzles
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Video
Obituaries
Subscribe
Log In
GET BREAKING NEWS IN YOUR BROWSER. CLICK HERE TO TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS.
X
Anna Aslanian
By Boston Herald editorial staff | April 21, 2019 at 1:16 a.m.On the 20-year anniversary of the Columbine High School massacre, an Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll found that many parents remain skeptical of schools’ ability to prevent a lethal attack.
And even though most Americans consider schools less secure than they were 20 years ago, the survey found a majority don’t blame the shootings on the education establishment. Instead respondents said bullying, the availability of guns, the Internet and video games share more of the blame.
In fact, half of Americans put on the onus on bullied students for many school shootings.
Far more common, we believe, are the tragedies that befall the bully’s victims. As the heartbreaking story of Lowell High School student Anna Aslanian taught us, bullying instigators routinely ignore the norms of acceptable behavior to isolate and degrade vulnerable individuals to the point of despair or worse. In Anna’s case, the serial hazing and abuse to which she was subjected pushed her to commit suicide.
We understand that in the digital age, bullies can wage their vicious, sociopathic attacks 24/7, but often they begin during school hours. The commonwealth sought to address the problem in 2010 with an anti-bullying law, which, while well-intentioned, didn’t get to the core of the issue, since the reported incidences of students exhibiting that behavior constituted a small percentage of bullying episodes.
The numbers substantiate this discouraging picture. A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention survey in 2017 found that of the state’s nearly 1 million K-12 students, 15 percent — roughly 150,000 — reported being bullied in school or online. However, in that 2017-18 school year, Massachusetts public schools logged only 2,031 cases of bullying — a minuscule 0.2 percent of the student population.
If anything, rather than decreasing, teen suicides have increased in the past decade, along with instances of bullying and intimidation in our schools. From 2014 to 2015 in Massachusetts, youth suicides jumped from 69 to 76, according to the Samaritans of Merrimack Valley, and increased to 86 in 2016, the most recent year for which statistics are available.
And even when alleged perpetrators were identified, student privacy laws prevented victims and their families from knowing what disciplinary steps, if any, were taken.
The Baker administration filed a more stringent bill in February targeting cyberbullying, sexting and “revenge porn,” but that legislation doesn’t address victims’ rights and school accountability issues.
In the wake of Anna’s suicide, the Lowell City Council requested that members of its State House delegation urge their colleagues to change the language in the current law that prevents bullying victims from learning whether or not school officials punished the abuser.
The rights of bullying victims shouldn’t take a back seat to those who commit such heinous acts. Amending the governor’s bill to include this provision will remove the privacy veil those cowards who practice this repugnant behavior have enjoyed, and finally give bullying victims equal rights under the law.
Sign up for email newsletters
Subscribe
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS
Most Popular
Prisoners to get first crack at coronavirus vaccine under Charlie Baker's plan
Timeline: When can Massachusetts residents get their coronavirus vaccines?
158 Massachusetts cities and towns are now at high risk for coronavirus
How Bill Belichick helped revive Navy football with a 20-minute phone call
Middleboro man accused of murdering his parents: Police
Game over for Henry and wife
Massachusetts coronavirus vaccine plan to prioritize front-line medical workers first; prisoners before general public, plan reveals
Fauci: Life could go back to normal by the end of next year with coronavirus vaccine
7 Massachusetts nursing homes ready to accept coronavirus-positive patients
SJC backs Charlie Baker's pandemic powers in landmark ruling
More in Editorials
Close