http://www.aracy.org.au/privacypolicy
Home
Privacy Policy
The Australian Research Alliance for Children and Youth (ARACY) is bound by the Privacy Act, including the Australian Privacy Principles, which came into force on 12 March 2014.
Your privacy is important to us. ARACY is committed to protecting your privacy every time you access or interact with sites owned by ARACY.
This policy explains how we collect, use, hold and disclose personal information about individuals.
We may vary this policy from time to time and we recommend you check our website regularly for updates.
Individuals provide personal information to all ARACY websites, which can be used by ARACY for the following purposes:
applying for membership and updating membership details;
for the development of an online publicly accessible user profile on the www.whatworksforkids.org.au website;
subscribing to newsletters;
making financial contributions (donations);
sharing interests;
browsing, registering, using, and providing content to the www.whatworksforkids.org.au website;
registering to attend ARACY events;
and for statistical reporting of usage and system administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches.
All personal information submitted to ARACY through website users, mailing list subscriptions, registrations or other means is held confidentially, but ARACY may publish selected elements of information you are required to enter as part of the user registration process, which will be available for public access. ARACY will determine which elements of user information will be selected for public access. ARACY reserves the rights to change this information in its sole and absolute discretion.
No other personal information collected on the website will be disclosed to a third party except when authorised by the provider or by law.
Donations
Donating to ARACY online is quick, easy and secure. All data is encrypted and handled by our payment processing partner Securepay, one of Australia's most trusted payment gateways.
Links to other websites
ARACY is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any site that is linked to or from sites owned and operated by ARACY. Your activity on those sites is covered by the privacy policies on those sites.
Security
ARACY takes all reasonable steps to protect personal information collected and held in our servers from unauthorised access, or modification. ARACY applies a range of security controls to protect our website from unauthorised access. However, users should be aware that the World Wide Web is an unsecure public network that gives rise to a potential risk that a user's transactions are being viewed, intercepted or modified by third parties or that files that the user downloads may contain computer viruses, disabling codes, worms or other devices or defects.
Access and correction of your personal information
You may access any personal information that ARACY holds about you by contacting ARACY by email to privacy@aracy.org.au.
In the event that we are satisfied that, having regard for the purpose for which it was collected, any personal information that ARACY holds about you is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading and you request us to correct the information, then we will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to correct the information to ensure that, having regard to the purpose for which it is held, the information is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading.
Overseas recipients
We do not expect that your personal information will be provided to any recipients located overseas. However, ARACY’s web service provider has its head office in the United States and may be subject to United States laws regarding the provision of information to government entities. In such circumstances, your personal information may be provided to the United States government entities, but only to the extent necessary to allow ARACY and its web service provider to comply with relevant laws and regulations.
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about ARACY’s handling of your personal information, you may, in the first instance, submit your complaint in writing to ARACY at the following email address privacy@aracy.org.au.
We will investigate any complaint and take such action as we consider necessary in response to it. In the event that you are dissatisfied with the outcome, you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Information about making a complaint can be found at http://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/making-a-privacy-complaint.
Want to receive ARACY emails to help resource and inform your work?
Subscribe