https://www.mplc.org/page/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Agreement Between User and the MPLC
The Motion Picture Licensing Corporation (“MPLC”) web site shall be defined herein to include all mplc.org and all other web pages operated by MPLC.
Your access to and continued use of this web site constitutes Your acceptance, without limitation, of these Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”).
As referenced below, "We", "Us" or "Our" includes the MPLC, and “You” or “Your” includes the user.
Questions or notices concerning these Terms of Use should be addressed to us through the “Contact MPLC” form found on Our web site.
The following describes the Terms of Use on which We offer You the information, services and products on Our web site and related web pages (collectively, the "Services").
We reserve the right to modify, amend or restate the Terms of Use from time to time, with or without prior notice.
Use of this Web Site
You represent that You have read and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. You further agree to comply with U.S. or other applicable law regarding the transmission of any information obtained from the Services in accordance with the Terms of Use, not to use the Services for illegal purposes, and not to interfere or disrupt the networks connected to the Services.
You agree to use the Services solely for Your own non-commercial use and benefit.
You agree to promptly notify Us upon becoming aware of any unauthorized access or use of the Services by any party or any claim that the Services infringes upon any copyright, trademark or other contractual, statutory or common law rights.
MPLC reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that the MPLC shall not be liable to You or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Intellectual Property
This web site contains material which is derived in whole or in part from materials supplied by Us and various other sources. This web site, including but not limited to its text, logos, content, photographs, and graphics (the "Intellectual Property"), is protected by copyrights, service marks, international treaties and/or other proprietary rights and laws of the U.S. and other countries. The Intellectual Property is also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and treaties. You agree to abide by all applicable copyright and other laws, as well as any additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in the Services.
You may download material from the Service and/or make one print copy for Your own personal non-commercial use, provided You retain all copyright and other proprietary notices. If You would like to make copies and/or distribute certain information, please contact Us.
You may not use any of Our trademarks, trade names or service marks in any manner which creates the impression that such names and marks belong to or are associated with You or are used with Our consent, and You acknowledge that You have no ownership rights in and to any of the names and marks.
No License Granted
You acquire absolutely no rights or licenses in or to the Services and materials contained herein other than the limited right to utilize the Services in accordance with the Terms of Use. Should You choose to download content from the Services, You must do so in accordance with the Terms of Use. Such download is licensed to You by Us only for Your own personal, non-commercial use in accordance with the Terms of Use and does not transfer any other rights to You.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service or access to the Service.
Rights Reserved
All present and future rights in and to the Intellectual Property and other proprietary rights of Ours of any type under the laws of any governmental authority, domestic or foreign, including rights in and to all applications and registrations relating to the Services shall, as between You and Us, at all times be and remain the sole and exclusive property of Us. All present and future rights in and title to the Services (including the right to exploit the Services and any portions of the Services over any present or future technology) are reserved to Us for Our exclusive use. Except as specifically permitted by the Terms of Use, You may not copy or make any use of the Services or any portion thereof.
Accuracy Disclaimer
We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, quality, completeness, currency, or validity of any information on the web site or linked from the web site. All information contained on this web site has been obtained from sources believed by Us to be accurate and reliable.
The material provided on this web site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and the web site may be subject to periods of interruption. We may make changes or improvements at anytime.
General Disclaimer
We are not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or any other damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this web site or linked sites, or in reliance on the information available on the web site or linked sites. This includes any personal injury, business interruption, loss of use, lost data, lost profits, or any other pecuniary loss, whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortuous action, even if We have been informed of the possibility. Our total liability to You for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence, or otherwise) will not exceed the amount You paid to Us to access the Services.
Statute of Limitations
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Indemnification
You agree, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to indemnify and hold Us, Our officers, directors, owners, agents and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Your use of the Services, in violation of these Terms of Use by You, or the infringement by You, or other user of the Services using Your computer, of any Intellectual Property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by You.
Links
The Services display links to other web sites that are not owned or maintained by Us. The inclusion of a link to such web site does not imply endorsement by Us. Viewing of any web site linked to the Services is at Your own risk.
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because We have no control over such sites and resources, You acknowledge and agree that the MPLC is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that We shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Privacy Policy
Our current Privacy Policy is posted on the web site. You agree to the use of Your data in accordance with MPLC’s Privacy Policy.
Policies Concerning Claims of Infringement
It is Our policy to respond expeditiously upon receiving notice of claimed intellectual property infringement. We will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable intellectual property laws.
All notices of copyright infringement should be sent to Us.
Notices of copyright infringement should contain the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit Us to locate the material.
The address, telephone number, or email address of the complaining party.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate, and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. We reserve the right to remove and/or disable access from the Service to web pages of repeat infringers and reserve the right to terminate all account holders and subscribers who are repeat infringers of intellectual property laws.
Access Outside the United States
We make no representation that the materials provided at this web site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United States, its territories and possessions. If You use the Services from other locations, You are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
MPLC may link to web sites operated by MPLC affiliates outside the United States. You are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws when using those sites.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of California, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law and You hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. If any part of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
About Copyright Law
The Umbrella License
Industries
FAQS
Our Story
News, Press, & Events
Pay My Invoice
Umbrella License Terms & Conditions
Existing Members
New Inquiries
© 1996 - 2020. Motion Picture Licensing Corporation.
All rights reserved.
Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy