https://www.soulworkings.com/about/privacy-policy.html
You are here: Home1 / About2 / Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
– To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
– To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
– To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
– To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 3/10/2020
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.soulworkings.com
400 E. Simpson St, Suite 101
Lafayette, CO 80026
USA
Share and Enjoy !
Contact
Meet Your Therapist
Office
Intake Forms & Policies
FAQ
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to PostsLeave This Blank:Leave This Blank Too:Do Not Change This:Your email:
Recent Posts
Live, Online: Akashic Records Advanced Practitioner Certification – January 2021
Live, Online: Akashic Records Practitioner Certification – January 2021
Win Your FREE Autographed Copy of “Healing Through the Akashic Records” by Dr. Linda Howe
A Chat with Dr. Linda Howe, Part 3: How has working in the Akashic Records helped Linda?
A Chat with Dr. Linda Howe, Part 2: What are some major myths about the Akashic Records?
Archives Archives
Select Month
November 2020  (1)
October 2020  (1)
April 2020  (5)
March 2020  (1)
September 2016  (1)
June 2016  (2)
May 2016  (1)
October 2015  (1)
September 2015  (1)
July 2015  (1)
November 2014  (1)
December 2013  (1)
September 2013  (1)
June 2013  (3)
January 2013  (3)
December 2011  (1)
October 2011  (1)
September 2011  (1)
May 2011  (1)
December 2010  (1)
November 2010  (1)
September 2010  (3)
July 2010  (1)
February 2010  (1)
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Akashic Records: Advanced  (1)
Akashic Records: Beginning  (1)
Articles  (13)
Classes  (2)
Giveaways  (1)
News  (20)
Picture Gallery  (1)
Specials  (7)
Uncategorized  (1)
Videos  (3)
Followon TwitterSubscribeto RSS Feed
Upcoming ClassesLive, Online: Akashic Records Advanced Practitioner Certification – January 2021November 21, 2020 - 11:24 amLive, Online: Akashic Records Practitioner Certification – January 2021October 23, 2020 - 11:17 pmSubscribe for Akashic Records NewsEmail Address * First Name * Last Name City State Certification Level Completed Certification Level CompletedNoneBeginning PractitionerAdvanced PractitionerHealing Practitioner
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Accept settingsHide notification only