http://www.law.pace.edu/campus-life/school-policies-and-procedures
Skip to main content
HomeCampus LifeSchool Policies and Procedures
School Policies and Procedures
As members of the Pace University community, students are responsible for knowing and complying with the University's policies, practices, and procedures. The University's policies, practices, and procedures may be found in many places, including, among others, the online Pace University Student Handbook.
Guiding Principles of Conduct
In order to preserve an atmosphere in which a free exchange of ideas may flourish, and to ensure the dignity and safety of all members of the University community as well as the unimpeded operation of the University (and as required by federal, state and local laws including, without limitation, N.Y. Educ. Law § 6430), the University has adopted the Guiding Principles of Conduct.
Pace Law Student Handbook
The Pace Law Student Handbook, effective August 2008, supersedes all previously published rules and regulations, announcements, statements, and publications with which it is inconsistent. The rules and regulations set forth in this Handbook are binding for all students who are presently matriculated at Pace Law, who are on leave of absence, or who are Pace Law students visiting at other law schools. All Pace Law students are expected to have read and understood this Handbook. Any questions concerning the contents of the Handbook should be addressed to the Office of Student Services. Pace Law reserves the right to change its rules and regulations, admissions and graduation requirements, course offerings, tuition, fees, and any other material set forth in its Bulletin or handbooks at any time without prior notice. Changes become effective when posted on official bulletin boards and/or on the school website.
Read the Handbook.
Academic Regulations and Honor Code
Pace Law students follow all academic rules and regulations, including the school's Honor Code. Read more about academic policies.
Campus Crime and Reporting Statistics
Pace University campus crime statistics are posted on the University website.  In addition, the Pace University President’s Advisory Committee on Campus Security will provide upon request all campus crime statistics as reported to the United States Department of Education. Contact Mr. Vincent Beatty, Executive Director, Safety and Security. at 914-773-3604, to request a hardcopy of the University’s campus crime statistics. The United States Department of Education reports campus crime statistics as well.
Investigation of Violent Felonies
Pace University has a comprehensive Security and Police Coordination Plan for Investigation of Criminal Offenses.
Hate/Bias Related Crime Policy
Pace University’s Guiding Principles of Conduct clearly and unequivocally states that "membership in the University community is accompanied by the responsibility to maintain and foster an environment characterized by freedom of expression, inquiry and exchange of ideas and respect for the dignity and uniqueness of each individual." In addition, the University has established standards of behavior to ensure the safety of all members of the University community. The commission of a crime of violence, intimidation, or destruction of property by a member of the Pace community is unacceptable. The commission of such a crime out of bias or prejudice is repugnant and will not be tolerated. Read the entire Hate/Bias Related Crime Policy.
Credit Card Marketing Policy
Pace University prohibits the advertising, marketing, and merchandising of credit cards to any person on premises owned or leased by the University and at University sponsored events by any company or person including, without limitation, employees, faculty members, students, visitors, guests, vendors, contractors, clubs, and organizations.
Drug/Alcohol Policy
Pace University has a strong commitment to a healthy and safe environment for all members of the University community. Any use of alcohol and drugs that is illegal or violates the University's Drug and Alcohol Policy will not be tolerated.
Affirmative Consent
Pace University has an Affirmative Consent Policy.
Sex-Based Misconduct Policies and Procedures
Learn more about the University's Sexual Misconduct Policy.
Discrimination, Non-Sex-Based Harassment, and Retaliation Policy
Read the University's policy.
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA") is a federal law designed to protect the privacy of a student's education records, establish a student's right to access and review his or her education records, provide guidelines for the correction of inaccurate and misleading information that may be contained in those education records, and create a right to file complaints about alleged FERPA violations with the Department of Education.
Read the University's policy.
Immunization Policy
New York State Public Health Law requires that all college and university students enrolled for at least six (6) semester hours or the equivalent per semester, or at least four (4) semester hours per quarter, complete and return the Immunization Requirement Form to Pace University.
Find out more about the University's immunization policy.
Pet Policy
Because of the problems that pets may present to both people and property, any pets brought to campus must be attended and on a leash or crated at all times and are not allowed in classrooms, eating areas, lounges, study areas or in any other indoor areas (with the exception of an owner’s private office), unless they are documented service or therapy animals.
Any pet not leashed or crated must be removed immediately by the owner, or it will be subject to impoundment. Any pet left unattended is subject to impoundment. Owners are responsible for cleaning up after their animals and for any damage to persons, property, or facilities of Pace Law School.
Student Complaint Process
In Compliance with ABA standard 510:  Students who have complaints about the law schools compliance with the ABA standards and program of legal education may submit the complaint in the following manner for resolution.
Concerns or complaints about the School of Law that are outside the scope of any existing University or Law School procedure may be addressed in accordance with the following procedure: The complaint must be in writing and contain the date, the student’s name, telephone number and e-mail address, the program in which the student is enrolled, LL.M. or JD and as much detail as possible about the student’s concerns to the Dean for Students (or the respective designee). Complaints or concerns regarding academic issues must be submitted to the Associate Dean for Academics (or the respective designees) who will, in a timely manner, investigate the complaint, take appropriate action, and notify the student of the resolution of the matter. If the student is not satisfied with the resolution, the student may, within five (5) business days of date of the notification, appeal the resolution in writing to the Dean of the School of Law. All decisions are maintained in the Office of the Dean for Students.
Pace Advocate/Care Report
This is a resource for members of the community to report student behavior.
Pace University is a community of care. If members of the community need to report student behavior, they should follow the steps below.
1) Communicate with the student privately
2) Ask for student explanation, if appropriate
3) Request behavior to stop
4) Consider behavior as negative reflection of class participation
5) If necessary, report behavior to Dean for Students Office
Behaviors may include:
Eating/Cell phone use in classroom
Arriving late to class
Failure to comply with a directive to stop behavior
Rude or discourteous behavior
Dressing or conducting oneself in lewd or indecent manner
Read more about our community's Guiding Principles.
View the Pace Advocate/Care Report.
Please contact the Dean for Students, Angie D’Agostino at adagostino@law.pace.edu with questions or concerns.
Apply
Visit
Request Info