http://www.publicdebt.treas.gov/careers/employment-policies.html
Bureau of the Fiscal Service
Careers
Employment Policies
Employment Policies
We Welcome You
All candidates will be considered without regard to any non-merit reason such as race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, lawful political affiliation, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, protected genetic information, parental status, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factors.
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy (EEO) by Tim Gribben, Commissioner of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service
As one of my first acts as Commissioner of the
Bureau of the Fiscal Service, I'd like to affirm my commitment to the principles
of equal employment opportunity and a culture that values fairness, diversity,
and inclusion in the workforce. Equal employment opportunity is not only the
law, but also a necessity for strengthening our ability to promote the
financial integrity and operational efficiency of the federal government
through exceptional accounting, financing, collections, payments, and shared
services.
All employment decisions at Fiscal Service must
be based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications,
without regard to race; color; religion or belief; national origin; sex (including pregnancy, sexual
orientation, or gender identity and/or expression); parental status; age;
physical, mental or sensory disability; family medical history or genetic
information; or any other status protected by equal opportunity laws.
Discrimination (including harassment) based on these protected categories is
prohibited, and retaliation for taking action to stop, oppose or prevent
discrimination or harassment in the workplace will not be tolerated.
Employees, contractors, and applicants who
believe they have been subjected to unlawful discrimination, harassment, or
reprisal, and wish to pursue an EEO complaint, must first initiate the
pre-complaint process by contacting an EEO Counselor or an Equal Employment
Opportunity and Diversity (EEOD) staff member at (304) 480-6527 or (304)
480-6623 (TTY/voice).
All managers and supervisors are reminded of
their responsibility to prevent, report, and promptly correct unlawful
discrimination in the workplace, including harassing conduct. All employees
have a duty to avoid unlawful discrimination and harassment, and to report
alleged instances for possible investigation. Failing to comply with these
obligations may result in disciplinary action, including the possibility of
removal. Unlawful discrimination and harassment may be reported to your
supervisor, EEOD at (304) 480-6527, or the Workforce Relations Branch at (304)
480-8329. See the Fiscal Service Anti-Harassment Policy and the Employee
Conduct Policy for more information.
Thank you for your support in making Fiscal
Service a model employer and for the exemplary work you do. Each of us can make
a difference if we strive to treat each other with dignity and respect.
EEO Complaint Procedures & Contacts
As a federal employee or applicant for employment, you are protected against discrimination based on your race, sex, national origin, color, religion, age and physical or mental disability.
Retaliation for action taken to oppose or remedy discrimination is also prohibited. Certain Executive Orders also provide protection against discrimination based on sexual orientation, parental status, and protected genetic information.
If you feel you have been discriminated against, you MUST contact the EEO Office within 45 calendar days of the date of the incident that gave rise to your complaint, the date you became aware of the incident, or, if a personnel action, within 45 calendar days of its effective date or your knowledge of the action.
The Counselor will advise you of your right to elect between participation in traditional counseling activities or in the Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process. During traditional counseling, the Counselor has 30 calendar days from the time you report your problem to attempt an informal resolution of the matter. If, at the end of this time, the problem is not resolved, you will be advised, in writing, of your right to file a formal complaint. The 30-day period may be extended to an additional 60 if YOU agree in WRITING to such an extension.
If you elect to participate in ADR resolution, traditional counseling will not be attempted. Agencies have 90 days to conduct ADR during the pre-complaint process. If, at the end of this time, the problem is not resolved, you will be advised, in writing, of your right to file a formal complaint.
Any person who believes they have been discriminated against may submit a written complaint to Manager, EEO Office, Bureau of the Fiscal Service, 200 3rd Street, Room 3104, Parkersburg, WV 26106 or contact the EEO Office at 304-480-6231 or 304-480-6527.
Reasonable Accommodation Policy
The Bureau of the Fiscal Service provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities on a case-by-case basis. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the point of contact listed on the vacancy announcement.
Hard of hearing or deaf individuals may obtain information via TDD 304-480-6623.
View Reasonable Accommodation Policy
Form to Request Reasonable Accommodation
Fiscal Service Personal Assistance Services Policy
View Personal Assistance Services Policy (PDF, 103kb)
Form to Request Personal Assistance Services
Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C. 794d)
Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act (Section 508) requires all electronic and information technology (also referred to as information and communication technology or ICT) that is developed, procured, maintained, or used by a federal agency to be accessible to people with disabilities. Examples of ICT include web sites, telephones, multimedia devices, and copiers.
Access available to individuals with disabilities must be comparable to access available to others. Standards for Section 508 compliance are developed and maintained by the United States Access Board. Further information about the Access Board's standards and Section 508 generally may be found at www.section508.gov.
If you have questions about the Fiscal Service's Section 508 program supporting ICT, e-mail Patricia Adams, Disability Employment Program Manager at patricia.adams@fiscal.treasury.gov. For information about filing a complaint against Fiscal Service under Section 508, contact the Office of Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity at (304) 480-6527 or TTY at (304) 480-6623.
To file a complaint against another agency, contact that agency's Section 508 Coordinator. Contact information for Section 508 Coordinators may be found at www.section508.gov/508-coordinator-listing.
Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C.
4151-57)
The Architectural Barriers Act (ABA) requires access to facilities that are designed, built, altered, or leased with Federal funds. The Access Board is the federal agency responsible for enforcing the ABA.
The Access Board's accessibility standards are available on their website at www.access-board.gov/guidelines-and-standards/buildings-and-sites/about-the-aba-standards, and information about filing a complaint may be found at www.access-board.gov/aba-enforcement/file-a-complaint.
Fiscal Service Affirmative Action Plan
To capture agencies’ affirmative action plan for persons with disabilities (PWD) and persons with targeted disabilities (PWTD), EEOC regulations (29 C.F.R. § 1614.203(e)) and MD-715 require agencies to describe how their affirmative action plan will improve the recruitment, hiring, advancement, and retention of applicants and employees with disabilities.
Please see the Fiscal Service Affirmative Action Plan
(PDF, 63kb)
Last modified 05/06/20