http://www.tgcomics.com/tgc/site-info/tgc-legal-notices/
Home
Premium
Artists
Authors
Comics
Vignettes
Story Panels
Sequences
Portfolios
Stories
Videos
Forum
Blogs
Links
Info
English
Applicability
These Legal Notices apply to TGComics.com.
TGComics.com is owned by JBH Net.
Customer Service
We can be reached at
or you can call us at +1 646-216-1770.
Copyright Notice
Copyright © JBH Net and the contributing artists on TGComics.com. All rights reserved. The material on this Site may not be reproduced and may not be distributed or otherwise used in any manner, except with the prior express written permission of TGComics.com and/or the content creator(s).
Additional copyright notices specific to our artists’ and writers’ content, material, media, and other intellectual property not claimed by JBH Net are indicated on the webpage where said material is located on this website.
Trademark Statement
TGComics.com and its logo are pending trademarks in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
Requesting Reproduction Permissions
No material found or located on this Site may be reproduced or used for commercial purposes without prior written permission of TGComics.com and/or the specific content creator. You may email requesting reproduction permission to . Requests without the full name of the individual requesting reproduction permission, an itemized list of material to be reproduced, a valid reason for reproduction and description of where reproduced material will be used will not be acknowledged.
TERMS OF SERVICE
IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. These Terms of Service constitute a legal agreement between you and TGComics.com and spell out the terms and conditions to which members of this Site are expected to adhere. Please read it carefully before using this Site. By entering this Site you agree to be bound by the terms set forth here, as well as (i) the terms of our Privacy Policy and (ii) any supplemental terms of the applicable Site, all of which are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service (collectively referred to as the “Agreement”). If you do not agree with or do not wish to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use this Site. We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and will post the amended Terms of Service here.
These Terms of Service apply to TGComics.com. They do not apply to other online or offline TGComics.com websites, products or services.
1. CONTENT AND USER SUBMISSIONS
1.1 The contents of TGComics.com (“the Service”) are intended for the personal, noncommercial use of its members. All materials published on the Site (including, but not limited to articles, images, illustrations, product descriptions, animations (collectively, the “Content”) are protected by copyright, trademark and all other applicable intellectual property laws, and are owned or controlled by JBH Net or by the party credited as the provider of such Content. You shall abide by copyright or other notices, information and restrictions appearing in conjunction with any Content accessed through the Site.
1.2 The Site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and other copyright laws. Except as may otherwise be set forth in this Section 1 of these Terms of Service, you may not modify, adapt, translate, exhibit, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, Site or Service in whole or in part.
1.3 Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission from TGComics.com or the copyright holder identified in the individual Content’s proprietary rights notices. For the avoidance of doubt, including any Content (in whole or in part) on your personal website, when it is accessible to any other person, is not a personal use and is not permitted.
1.4 You agree that any information, feedback, questions, comments and/or submissions to any of the Public Forums (as discussed below) or the like that you provide to us in connection with the Site or our Service (“Member Contributions”) will be deemed to be provided to us on a non-confidential and non-proprietary basis and therefore expressly permitted to be hosted on the Site. We shall have no obligations of any kind with respect to any Member Contributions and shall be free to reproduce, use, and/or distribute such Member Contributions on the Site without limitation. In addition, you hereby waive all moral rights you may have in any materials uploaded or sent to us by you.
1.5 If you believe that the content of any Member Contribution provided by you, or any Content appearing on a Site, has been used on a Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide TGComics.com with a written notice (email is sufficient) that includes the following information:
– An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
– identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
– a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
– your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
– a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
– a statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Our Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this Site is:
2. FORUMS AND DISCUSSIONS
2.1 This Site may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups to its members (“Public Forum(s)”). You shall not upload to, or distribute or otherwise publish through a Public Forum any content which is libelous, defamatory, profane, abusive or which otherwise violates any law, rule or regulation. Please use your best judgment and be respectful of other individuals using the Public Forums. You agree not to use vulgar, abusive or hateful language. Public Forums within the Site and the Services available therein are provided to give our members an interesting and stimulating forum in which they may express opinions and share ideas. TGComics.com does not endorse the opinions placed on these Public Forums. You acknowledge that any Submissions (e.g. Letter to the Editor, Review or Commentary) may be reproduced, published, transmitted and displayed by TGComics.com in any manner, pursuant to Section 1.4, above.
2.2 While we do not and cannot review every message posted by members in the Public Forums and are not responsible for the content of any of these messages, TGComics.com reserves the right to delete, move or edit messages that we, in our sole discretion, deem are in violation of the law (including trademark and copyright law), or these Terms of Service, or are abusive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise unacceptable. You shall remain solely responsible for the content of your messages.
3. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR TGC PREMIUM CONTENT
3.1 In addition to the provisions contained in these Legal Notices, the following terms apply specifically for TGComics.com Premium Content, located at https://tgcomics.com/tgc/premium/ (after login).
a. By placing an order, you certify that you are able to pay for the item(s) in your order.
b. By placing an order for TGComics.com Premium Content, you agree to be bound by the conditions of sale included in the item’s description (including, without limitation, payment method). TGComics.com Premium Content usually contain mature audience items and are restricted to adult use. If you place an order for any TGComics.com Premium Content, you are certifying that you are at least 18 years old or the applicable age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside and have the legal right to purchase said item.
c. You shall comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of TGComics.com Premium Content and your purchase of such content.
d. You are responsible for the accuracy of any purchase placed.
e. We may reject your order at our discretion and reserve the right to refuse service to anyone at any time. If we cancel your order after we have charged you for your order, we will refund your credit card the amount charged as soon as practical.
f. We reserve the right to add and/or remove items on the TGComics.com Premium Content List, for any reason, at any time.
g. You may not transfer or sell your Member ID or account to another party.
h. Unless otherwise stated, all prices are quoted in U.S. Dollars.
i. Since we only sell electronic items such as PDFs and image files, refunds will be handled on a case-by-case basis.
j. The charge on your credit card statement will appear as JBH Net. If you use our credit card processors Verotel or CCBill, the charge will instead have their name(s) on your credit card statement.
4. ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES AND LINKS
4.1 This Site may contain links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites. Selection of a link will redirect you off of the TGComics.com Site to a third party Web site. Interactions that occur between you and the third party are strictly between you and such third party and are not the responsibility of TGComics.com. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their Websites. TGComics.com does not assume any liability or responsibility for the actions, product, availability or content of these outside resources. You should direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or Webmaster of the third party Website.
5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
5.1 You represent, warrant and covenant (a) that no materials of any kind submitted by you or TGComics.com’s use thereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will (i) violate, plagiarize or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, privacy or publicity, moral rights, contract or other personal or proprietary rights; (ii) contain unlawful material; (iii) constitute false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact; (iv) slander, libel or defame any person or entity; or (v) cause injury of any kind to any person or entity; or (vi) violate any applicable laws, rules, regulations or other governmental regulations; and (b) that you are at least 18 years old or the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction and possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement, as well as contracts for the purchase of the goods offered on TGComics.com.
5.2 You hereby indemnify, defend and hold TGComics.com and its officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all liability and costs incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms of Service or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. TGComics.com reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. You shall not enter into any settlement agreement which affects the rights of TGComics.com without TGComics.com’s prior written approval.
5.3 TGComics.com neither represents nor endorses the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded, or distributed through the Sites or the Service by any user, information provider or any other person or entity. THE SITE, THE SERVICE AND ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED BY TGCOMICS.COM OR THIRD PARTIES THROUGH ANY THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” TGCOMICS.COM MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL, IN WRITING OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED THROUGH ANY OF THE SITES OR THE SERVICE. TGCOMICS.COM DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY OF THE SITES OR THE SERVICES AVAILABLE THEREON WILL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE AND MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICE.
5.4 You hereby acknowledge that the use of any Site and the Services available thereon is at your sole risk.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
6.1 NEITHER TGCOMICS.COM NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR THE SERVICE SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGE OR LOSS INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, THE SERVICES THEREON, OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS PROVIDED BY TGCOMICS.COM OR THIRD PARTIES THROUGH ANY OF THE SERVICES THEREON, OR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS INTERRUPTIONS, DELETIONS OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF THE CLAIM AS TO THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF TGCOMICS.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusions shall only apply to the extent permissible under applicable law.
6.2 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TGCOMICS.COM AGGREGATE LIABILITY, AND THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF OUR LICENSORS, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100).
7. SYSTEM INTEGRITY
7.1 You may not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction conducted on such Site. You may not take any action, which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You may not disclose or share your password with any third parties or use your password for any unauthorized service.
8. TERMINATION
8.1 TGComics.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access or refuse service at any time, without notice, to all or part of the Site or Service for any or no reason, including, without limitation, breach of these Terms of Service or the repeated infringement of copyrights owned by third parties.
8.2 TGComics.com, including, without limitation, its authorized agents and employees may terminate your use of the Site without notice in the event that you breach any obligation in these Terms of Service, including but not limited to, (i) restricting, inhibiting or disrupting any TGComics.com event or (ii) attempting to alter or improperly access any feature or function of the Site. Your access may also be subject to termination if you post or transmit any illegal content; harass or threaten any user of the Site or any TGComics.com employee; post content (including, but not limited to, the creation of a username) that is offensive or otherwise disruptive of Site activities; or improperly impersonate a TGComics.com employee or other individual.
9. MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 These Terms of Service have been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with New York law without regard to any conflict of law provisions. TGComics.com makes no representation that the Content on the Site is appropriate for access outside of the United States. Those who choose to access the Site from outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. You agree that any action to enforce this Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in New York.
9.2 These Terms of Service, the Privacy Statement and any other terms referenced in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between you and TGComics.com with respect to your access and use of the Site and Services and supercede all prior or contemporaneous agreements (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and TGComics.com with respect to the Site or Services. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then each invalid or enforceable provision will be construed in a manner consistent with applicable laws to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. TGComics.com may assign these Terms of Service (i) to any of its affiliates, (ii) to the surviving entity in the event of a merger, acquisition, or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of TGComics.com or (iii) in connection with the sale of the Site or the business unit associated with the Site.
TGCOMICS.COM PREMIUM CONTENT MEMBERSHIP TERMS AND CONDITIONS
As of June 17, 2014
This Premium Content Agreement applies to TGComics.com. This Premium Content Agreement does not apply to other online or offline websites, products or services, and does not grant you the right to access any TGComics.com Premium Content for which you have not paid the purchase fee.
To ensure that you enjoy the highest standards of quality and service during your visits to your TGComics.com Premium Content items, we encourage you to read through the following information before you buy. These legal notices spell out the terms and conditions to which you are expected to adhere.
TERMS OF SERVICE
1. GENERAL RULES AND DEFINITIONS
1.1 This “Premium Content Agreement” constitutes your agreement with TGComics.com with respect to your use of TGComics.com Premium Content. You must agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions contained in this Premium Content Agreement in order to become or remain an authorized purchaser of TGComics.com Premium Content.
1.2 Your purchases are good for the life of this website. TGComics.com may suspend or discontinue service at any time. This includes the availability of any feature, database, free or Premium Content. At such time, you will lose online access to your purchases. Downloaded content may remain in your possession for personal, noncommercial use after the website shuts down (if this ever comes to pass).
2. TGCOMICS.COM PREMIUM CONTENT SUBMISSIONS
2.1 The contents of TGComics.com Premium Content are intended for the personal, noncommercial use of its purchasers. All materials published as TGComics.com Premium Content (including, but not limited to stories, comics, images, illustrations and animations, also known as the “Content”) are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws, and are owned, or controlled by, or licensed to JBH Net or the party credited as the provider of the Content, software or other materials. You shall abide by all additional copyright or other notices, information or restrictions appearing in conjunction with any Content accessed through the TGComics.com Site.
2.2 TGComics.com Premium Content is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and other copyright laws. Except as set forth in Section 2 of this Premium Content Agreement, you may not modify, adapt, translate, exhibit, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as provided in this section of the Premium Content Agreement), create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials in whole or in part.
2.3 Copying or storing of any Content for any purpose other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission from TGComics.com, or the copyright holder identified in the individual Content’s proprietary rights notices. For the avoidance of doubt, including any Content (in whole or in part) on your personal website, when it is accessible to any other person, is not a personal use and is not permitted.
2.4 If you believe that any Content appearing as TGComics.com website (either free or Premium Content) has been used on such Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with a written notice (email is sufficient) that includes the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the TGComics.com website;
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Our Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the TGComics.com Site is: .
3. FORUMS AND DISCUSSIONS
3.1 You shall not upload to, or distribute or otherwise publish through the TGComics.com Site any Content that is libelous, defamatory or otherwise violates any law or the rights of third parties. Please use your best judgment and be respectful of other individuals using the bulletin boards. Do not use vulgar, abusive or hateful language. Bulletin boards within the TGComics.com Site, where provided, are provided to give our members an interesting and stimulating forum in which they may express their opinions and share their ideas. TGComics.com does not endorse the opinions placed on these bulletin boards. You acknowledge that any submissions (e.g. Letter to the Editor, Review or Commentary) may be edited, removed, modified, published, transmitted and displayed by TGComics.com. In addition, you warrant that you waive all moral rights in any uploaded materials have been waived.
3.2 While TGComics.com does not and cannot review every message posted by subscribers in the Forums and is not responsible for any content of these messages, TGComics.com reserves the right to delete, move or edit messages that it, in its sole discretion, deems are in violation of the law (including trademark and copyright law), or this Subscriber Agreement, or are abusive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise unacceptable. You shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.
4. ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES AND LINKS
4.1 The TGComics.com Site contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites. Selection of a link will redirect you off of the TGComics.com Site to a third party website. Transactions that occur between you and any such third party are strictly between you and the third party and are not the responsibility of TGComics.com. Because TGComics.com is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its site administrator or webmaster.
5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
5.1 You represent, warrant and covenant (a) that no materials of any kind submitted through your membership account or TGComics.com’s use thereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Premium Content Agreement, will (i) violate, plagiarize or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or publicity, moral rights, contract or other personal or proprietary rights; (ii) contain libelous or otherwise unlawful material; (iii) constitute false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact; (iv) slander, libel or defame any person or entity; (v) cause injury of any kind to any person or entity; or (vi) violate any applicable laws, rules, regulations or other governmental regulations; and (b) that you are at least 18 years old. You hereby indemnify, defend and hold TGComics.com, its parent company, affiliates and the officers, directors, owners, agents, employees, shareholders, information providers, licensors and licensees (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all causes of action, claims, liabilities and costs incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you or any other user of your account (whether or not such user has your permission) of the Subscriber Agreement or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. TGComics.com reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
5.2 TGComics.com neither represents nor endorses the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the TGComics.com Site by any subscriber, information provider or any other person or entity. THE TGCOMICS.COM SITE, THE ACCESS SOFTWARE, IF ANY, (DEFINED HEREIN) AND ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED BY TGCOMICS.COM OR THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE TGCOMICS.COM SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” TGCOMICS.COM MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTY, OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL, IN WRITING OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY OR USEFULNESS OF ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED THROUGH THE TGCOMICS.COM SITE. TGCOMICS.COM SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGE OR LOSS INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE TGCOMICS.COM SITE, THE ACCESS SOFTWARE OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS PROVIDED BY TGCOMICS.COM OR THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE TGCOMICS.COM SITE, OR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS INTERRUPTIONS, DELETIONS OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE OR THE ACCESS SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE CLAIM AS TO THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF TGComics.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR LOSS.
5.3 You hereby acknowledge that your use of the TGComics.com Site is at your sole risk.
6. REGISTRATION AND SECURITY
6.1 As part of the registration process, you will select a password and user name (“TGComics.com Membership Agreement”). You shall provide TGComics.com with accurate, complete and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this TGComics.com Membership Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of your account. You may not (i) select or use a screen name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use a name subject to the rights of any person other than yourself without authorization; or (iii) use a screen name that TGComics.com, in its sole discretion, deems offensive.
6.2 (a) You shall notify TGComics.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your password or credit card information. (b) You shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password.
6.3 You must be 18 years or older and legally able to purchase and view the material offered at this Site in your jurisdiction to purchase TGComics.com Premium Content.
6.4 You are responsible for all usage or activity on your account to TGComics.com Premium Content. Any fraudulent, abusive or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your account, at TGComics.com’s sole discretion, and you may be referred to appropriate law enforcement agencies.
7. FEES AND PAYMENTS
7.1 TGComics.com only sells non-recurring, single-item purchases that are good for the lifetime of the website. Therefore, no subsequent charges after the initial purchase will ever be made to you. You will be able to access all free and Premium Content purchases for the life of the website. Since we only sell electronic items such as pdfs or images, all refunds will be handled on a case-by-case basis. You shall pay all applicable taxes relating to any TGComics.com Premium Content purchases through your account.
8. TERMINATION
8.1 You may terminate your account at any time by requesting a cancellation from a link on your Member Services pages of the TGComics.com Site. You will retain access to all purchases for the lifetime of the website unless you terminate your account or request cancellation of a specific purchase.
8.2 TGComics.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to the TGComics.com Premium Content because of any breach by you of this Premium Content Agreement by you.
8.3 You acknowledge that site administrators have the right to terminate your membership without notice for any user who restricts, inhibits or disrupts a TGComics.com Site event or attempts to alter or improperly access any feature or function of TGComics.com Premium Content. Your membership may also be subject to termination if you post or transmit any illegal content; harass or threaten any user of the TGComics.com Site or TGComics.com employee; post content (including the creation of usernames) that is offensive or otherwise disruptive of TGComics.com activities; or impersonate a TGComics.com employee or other individual.
9. ACCEPTANCE
9.1 You hereby acknowledge that you have read and understand the foregoing Premium Content Agreement and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.
Useful Links
Signup for a Free TGC Membership
View Your Membership Information
Purchase Using Gumroad
How to Make Multiple Purchases Using Gumroad
Purchase Using OrbitalPay or Verotel
Payment History
Edit Profile (Change Password)
TGC Contact Form
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
18 USC 2257 Notice