https://www.stpatricks-casper.com/about-us/st-patrick-website-policy/
St. Patrick’s Website Privacy Policy - St. Patrick's Catholic Church
St. Patrick's Catholic ChurchA Catholic Community in Casper, WY
Bulletins
Homilies
About Us
Parish Office & Staff
Parish Council
History
Parish Registration
Other Resources
Sacraments
Baptism
Reconciliation
Holy Eucharist
Confirmation
Marriage
Holy Orders
Anointing of the Sick
Ministries
Children & Youth
Youth Registration
Learning the Word
First Communion & First Reconciliation
Confirmation Education
The Vineyard
Senior High Youth Ministry
St. Anthony’s Tri-Parish School
Evangelization & Faith Formation
Adult Education
RCIA
Tithing & Online Giving
Outreach
Contact Us
St. Patrick’s Website Privacy Policy
1. Questions about St. Patrick’s Private Policy
This Website is owned and operated by St Patrick’s Catholic Church.  We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provided to us, and how we treat that information.  This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns.  If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact:
St. Patrick’s Catholic Church(307) 235-5535bpetersonstpat@gmail.com
2. Website Information Accuracy
It is the policy of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church to present correct and accurate information.  If inaccuracies come to our attention, St. Patrick’s Catholic Church will attempt to correct them in a timely manner.  To report any Website inaccuracies please e-mail bpetersonstpat@gmail.com.
3. Privacy Policy
St. Patrick’s Catholic Church seeks to respect and protect the privacy of our visitors and only gathers personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc. when voluntarily submitted by a visitor.  For example, personally identifiable information may be collected in order to complete a CCD registration or a volunteer application.  St. Patrick’s does not share lists or other information collected with any other organizations.
4. Accurate Information
It is the policy of St. Patrick’s Catholic Church to maintain accurate information on you.  If you would like to review information we have about you, please contact us via U.S. mail.  St Patrick’s Catholic Church will correct information that is inaccurate.
5. Other Websites
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which St. Patrick’s Catholic Church has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
6. Website Calendar / Pages
Our site contains the St. Patrick’s Catholic Church calendar. This calendar and any ministries listed within are directly affiliated with St. Patrick’s Catholic Church. We reserve the right to maintain the integrity of our calendar and ministries. Only St. Patrick’s Catholic Church ministries, activities and events will be posted on our website. All other Christian activities and events can be posted in the bulletin, but not on St. Patrick’s website calendar/ministry pages therein.
If you have any questions regarding our policies, please feel free to contact us at 307-235-5535 or bpetersonstpat@gmail.com.
St. Patrick's Catholic ChurchA Catholic Community in Casper, WY
Helpful Links
BulletinsHomiliesNewsMass Times
Contact Us
Mailing address:PO BOX 51010Casper, WY 82605  Physical Address:400 Country Club Rd. Phone: (307) 235-5535Fax: (307) 237-7244
© 2020 St. Patrick’s Catholic Church. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Site Designed by L4 Communications | Website Login
Shopping Basket