http://www.bhncdsb.ca/news/freedom-information-privacy-and-access
Freedom of Information, Privacy and Access | Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic District School Board
Skip to main content
...
edit-jump--2Staff LinksCommunity Use of SchoolsBrightspace/D2LBHN Hub Outlook MailProcurement Services
Search form
Find Us On...
HOME
BOARD
2018 Municipal Election
2020-2023 Strategic Plan
Accessibility
Archives
Board Awards
Past Recipients
Budget Process & Financial Reports
Contacts
Your Trustee
Senior Administration
Department Contacts
Consultants
Student Trustee
Questions or concerns?
After Hours Emergency
Executive Compensation
Feedback
Freedom of Information, Privacy and Access
Job Opportunities
Meeting Dates / Upcoming Events
Minutes & Agendas
Policies, Procedures &
ByLaws
Display Alphabetically
Display By Category
Display By Section
Procurement Services
Bid Opportunities
Bid Results
Reports & More
Trustees - Find your Trustee
Trustees - Roles and Duties
CATHOLICITY
2020-21 Board Spiritual Theme
Catholic Education Week 2018
Catholic Education
Catholic Graduate Expectations
Catholic Partners
Catholic Register
Catholicity
Christian Meditation
Dioceses
Parishes
Praxis of Faith Series
Resources
PARENTS
Accident Insurance
Before and After School Childcare
Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL)
Career & Pathway Links
EDC
Catholic School Advisory Councils and RCPIC
Concussion Awareness Procedures
How Parents Can Help with Math at Home
Immunization Reporting and Public Health
International Students
Contact Information
Admission Criteria
Tuition Fees
Refund Policy of Tuition Fees
Application Form Instructions
Application Form
Homestay
Reciprocal Exchanges
MedicAlert for Students
Questions or concerns?
Registration - Elementary (K-8)
Registration - Secondary
Scholarships and Bursaries
Social Media/Twitter
Student Safety
Infection Control
Tax Direction and Lease Information
Transportation and Inclement Weather
Tuition Grants and OSAP
PROGRAMS/SERVICES
Aboriginal Education
A Vision
Aboriginal Focus Group
Alternative Education
Home Instruction
School Within A College (SWAC)
Community Use of Schools
Continuing Education
eLearning Self-Assessment
Night School
Summer School - Reach Ahead
Summer School - Ready. Set, Go
Summer School
Co-op
Elementary Athletics
Soccer
Cross Country
Volleyball
Basketball
Track and Field
Have a Go
English as a Second Language
French as a Second Language Programs
Mental Health and Well-Being
Board Mental Health Resources
Board Mental Health Strategy
Helpful Links
OYAP
Secondary
Special Education
2019-20 Annual Report
Special Education Programs
Special Education Advisory Committee
Parent Resources
Specialist High Skills Major (SHSM)
Kindergarten
NEWS
Meeting Dates / Upcoming Events
Media Releases
News
Quick Facts
School Year Calendars
SCHOOLS
Before and After School Childcare
Communicate
Community Use of Schools
View the policy
How do I apply?
How much does it cost?
Hours of use
Categories, groups and permit fees
Additional charges
Cancellations
Not-for-Profit defined
Contact
Online Booking System
Distributing in Our Schools
EQAO
My School Locator
Registration - Elementary (K-8)
Registration - Secondary
Safe, Inclusive and Accepting Schools
Schools
School Year Calendars
Transportation
School Zones
Volunteer
Transcripts
You are hereHome»BOARD»Freedom of Information, Privacy and Access
Menu
2018 Municipal Election
2020-2023 Strategic Plan
Accessibility
Archives
Board Awards
Budget Process & Financial Reports
Contacts
Executive Compensation
Feedback
Freedom of Information, Privacy and Access
Job Opportunities
Meeting Dates / Upcoming Events
Minutes & Agendas
Policies, Procedures &
ByLaws
Procurement Services
Reports & More
Trustees - Find your Trustee
Trustees - Roles and Duties
Freedom of Information, Privacy and Access
The following information is provided to promote understanding and awareness of the Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic District School Board’s access and privacy practices in accordance with the Education Act, Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (MFIPPA) and the Personal Health Information Privacy Act (PHIPA).
Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (MFIPPA)
The Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act is a provincial law that requires the protection of personal information and provides individuals with a right of access to government records subject to specific and limited exemptions. Included in the Act are specific provisions for how your personal information may be collected, used, retained, disclosed and disposed of.
How does the Board collect and use personal information?
Personal information is collected directly from parents, guardians or students under the authority of the Education Act and is used to plan and deliver educational programs and services which best meet student needs. Personal information is collected indirectly only with the consent of parents, guardians or students.
Under the Education Act, the Principal is required to compile a pupil record known as the Ontario Student Record (OSR). This record tracks a student’s academic progress through the Ontario Education system and follows students when they change schools. Access and use of this record is regulated by the Ontario Student Record (OSR) Guideline 2000 available on the Ministry of Education’s website.
How does MFIPPA provide a right of access to records?
The Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act contains access and privacy protection provisions. This means that individuals have a right to request access to general records and their own personal information held by the Board in accordance with the MFIPPA and the Education Act. Exemptions to the right of access are limited and specific and are defined in the MFIPPA.
How do I access my personal information?
Students/parents/guardians can request access to information held by the Board by contacting the teacher or principal of the school they or their child attends. Please be aware that while an individual has access to their own personal information and general records, they do not have a right to access personal information about another individual. Board staff must comply with the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and the Education Act and will provide you with the information you request only if you are legally entitled to receive it.
How do I access general information?
General information about our programs and services and contact information is posted on the Board website. For access to more specific information, you may contact the respective department or program area.  If the information is not readily available they may direct you to make a formal Freedom of Information request. A formal access request will be processed in accordance with the requirements of the MFIPPA.
Individuals may also make a more specific or formal access request under the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
How do I make a formal Freedom of Information (FOI) request?
You may make a request by completing a Freedom of Information Request form. Completed forms must include a $5.00 application fee paid by cash or cheque payable to the Brant Haldimand Norfolk Catholic District School Board. Provide as much detail as possible about the information you are requesting.
Requests can be sent to the attention of: Manager of Communications and Community Relations (Privacy and Information Management Officer), PO Box 217, 322 Fairview Drive, Brantford, ON N3T 5M8
Questions or Concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns related to the access to information or the protection of personal privacy please contact the Manager of Communications (Privacy and Information Management Officer) at 519-756-6505 Ext. 234.
Quick tabs
Brightspace/D2L
Register Now
Schools
Transportation
Board Information
Brant Haldimand Norfolk
Catholic District School Board
Catholic Education Centre
322 Fairview Drive,
P.O. Box 217,
Brantford, ON
N3T 5M8
Phone: 519.756.6369
Fax: 519.756.9913
Email: info@bhncdsb.ca
Website Information
Website Questions?
Email: webmaster@bhncdsb.ca