http://www.ywamsanfrancisco.org/policy-page
About
Who We Are
History
Staff
Board
Blog
Events
Resources
Contact
Ministry
Food Pantry
Restoration Initiatives
DTS
DTS
Train
Engaging with Muslims seminar
School of Islamic Studies
Serve
Bring a Team
Volunteer
Summer of Service
Give
Donate
Double your gift
Miracle
Inspire 2020
Menu
Privacy PolicyLast updated: 8 August 2018This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which YWAM San Francisco collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of www.ywamsanfrancisco.org. This privacy policy applies to ywamsanfrancisco.org and all programs and services offered on it by YWAM San Francisco.Information we collect:INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE ABOUT YOURSELf.We may collect and store both personal and non-personal information you enter on our website. Personal information includes identifying information, such as your name, address, passport details, e-mail address, and telephone number. If you engage in any financial transactions we will collect financial information such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). We also may request information about your interests and activities, your gender and age, and other demographic information; and information on your personality and background (family, education and work).There are the three ways in which you may explicitly and intentionally provide us with, and consent to, our collection of certain personal information:Online payment (name and financial information).Contact and inquiry forms (name and e-mail address, and non-personal information).Enrollment in one of our programs using the online application form (identifying, personality, background, and demographic information)INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE ABOUT OTHERS.We may also collect and store personal information about others that you provide for us. If you fill out an online application reference form for an applicant to one of our programs, we may store your personal information and that of the respective applicant.INFORMATION ABOUT YOU FROM OTHER SOURCES.When applying for one of our programs, we may obtain personal information about you from others through the online application reference form.We may also collect and store non-personal, statistical information about your visit that we collect from Google Analytics using cookies (see the section about “cookies” below). Google Analytics is a software that monitors statistics such as how many people visit our site, the user’s IP address, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors come and which browsers people use. We use these statistics about your visit for aggregation purposes only.CookiesOur website may use “cookies” to enhance your website visit. A user’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and to track non-personal data about them. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe may use personal information we collect about you to:Respond to your inquiries, questions and/or other requests.Process your application to one of our programs, or the application of the respective applicant, if the online application reference form is used.We may use financial information we collect from you to:Process online payments and donations.Keep records for accounting purposes.We may use non-personal information we collect from you to:Improve the performance of our website to enhance your visit.Perform research and analysis about the use of our website.WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONWe do not sell, trade, or rent a user’s information to others. We assure you that we do not share your information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared.Online applications. Information that you or your referees provide to us when applying for one of our programs may be entered into the University of the Nations (“UofN”, http://www.uofn.edu) database. YWAM San Francisco operates under and is certified by the UofN. Your information may be recorded in the UofN databases to register the applicant as a UofN trainee.Financial details. Our online payment facility is operated by Paypal. All information provided by you through the online payment form is immediately sent to the bank, through a secure connection (see the “Security policy” section further down), to be processed. We then receive a transaction statement for the confirmation of your payment/donation.Disclosure by Law and Protection of  YWAM San Francisco and others. If we are required by law to disclose certain information to local, state, federal, national or international government or law enforcement authorities, we will do so. We will also disclose information to third parties as necessary in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, YWAM San Francisco may share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud, or to enforce or apply YWAM San Francisco’s agreements.THIRD PARTY WEBSITESThird party websites that link to or from ywamsanfrancisco.org do not operate under this Privacy Policy. For example, if you click on a link of a social plugin or another external link (link with a domain name other than ywamsanfrancisco.org), you may be taken to a website that we do not control. These third party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third party websites you visit by clicking on the “privacy” link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting.This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website.HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR INFORMATIONYou can review and update your personal information by contacting us. More information on how to contact us is provided at the end of this document.Security PolicyLast updated: 8 August, 2018We consider the protection of all personal information we receive from you as a priority. Please be assured that we have security measures in place (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of any personal information we receive from you. As with any transmission over the Internet, however, there is always some element of risk involved in sending personal information.CHANGES TO THESE POLICIESIf the content of any of our policies is changed, then we will post a notice of the date and the nature of the change at the beginning of the respective policy.MAKING A COMPLAINTWe are committed to maintaining the policies stated in this document. However, we sometimes make mistakes. If you are affected by one of those mistakes, please contact us. Your privacy and security is very important to us and we aim to resolve your complaints immediately.CONTACT USIf you have any questions about our policies, if you want to opt out of any of the ways we store your personal information, or if you want to file a complaint, please contact us by e-mail, phone, or postal mail as follows.YWAM San Francisco357 Ellis StreetSan Francisco, CA 94102info@ywamsanfrancisco.org(415) 885-6543