https://www.calvary.edu/privacy-and-security-policies/
816-322-0110
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Request Info
Apply Now
Class Schedule
Calendar
Alumni
Donate
Pay
Facilities
Jobs
Box Office
myCU
Privacy and Security Policies
Overview
Calvary University does not collect personal information about visitors to our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. Calvary University does not sell web visitor information to parties outside Calvary University.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Calvary University automatically gathers and stores the following information about your web visit. This information is stored only to track the use of our website and improve it. This information will not be used to contact you personally.
The IP address from which you accessed our website
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, msn.com, if you are connecting from an MSN account)
The type of browser and operating system used to access our website
The date and time you access our site
Pages, files, documents and links that you visit
The Internet address of the website from which you linked to this website
Cookies
Calvary University uses cookies only when there is a need. Cookies are small, text-only files that our web server loads onto your machine, and they cannot be used to “steal” information from your system. Cookies allow Calvary University to recognize your visit to our site and adjust content delivery to suit your preferences. Calvary University does not use them for any other purpose.
Personal Information
Calvary University will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide; for example, requesting information, registering for classes, registering for events or other programs, purchasing merchandise, or signing up for mailing lists. If you have an immediate concern as per your personal information, please do not hesitate to send an email to webmaster@calvary.edu.
The college does not actively solicit information from children (under the age of 13). If a web visitor who is known to be a child contacts the college, we will use that information only to respond to their message.
YouTube API Services
Calvary University utilizes YouTube API Services, a third party service, in content embedded on Calvary University’s website. By using this API Client, you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy. These may be reviewed by clicking the links below.
YouTube’s Terms of Service
Google’s Privacy Policy
Security
Calvary University takes reasonable precautions to ensure that all credit card transactions that occur on www.calvary.edu are secure. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
www.calvary.edu is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Unauthorized access is prohibited and punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Refunds
All refunds for merchandise will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase within 5 business days upon receipt of the returned merchandise.
All refunds for event ticket purchases will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase within 5 business days.
All refunds for tuition/fees will be processed in the Cashier’s office within 14 business days of your withdrawal.
Questions & Comments
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at webmaster@calvary.edu.
X
Apply now and register for upcoming classes. No application fee for U.S. residents!
Apply Now