http://www.everywoman.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
x
About
What we do
Our approach
Who we are
Case Studies
Advisory board
FAQs
Testimonials
Partnerships
everywomanNetwork
Gender Pay Gap Programme
Events and Awards
Sponsorship
Leadership programmes
Ambassadors
Advocates
Who we work with
NatWest Partner Programme
Membership Options
Corporate Membership
SME membership
Individual membership
Ambassadors Membership
Training
Events & Awards
Resource centres
Members
Insight
Search form
Search
Login
Contact
TwitterLinked inFacebook
Privacy and Data Security
everywoman Ltd Privacy PolicyThis policy explains what you can expect from us and what we need from you in relation to your personal data. everywoman respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy will tell you how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and/or use our everyowmanNetwork app, together referred to as the “website” and inform you of your privacy rights and how the law protects you.  Important Information and Who We AreThis Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how everywoman collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through the website when you sign up to receive our marketing material, register as an everywomanNetwork member, or purchase a product or service from us.This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy notice on our website from time to time so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.ControllerFor the purpose of the relevant data protection regulations, Everywoman Ltd is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy).Contact DetailsOur full details are:Everywoman Limited, Woodstock House, Charlton Road, Charlton, Chichester, West Sussex, PO18 0HU.  Tel: 020 7981 2574. Registration No: 3798319If you have any questions about how we protect or use your data, please email us at contact@everywoman.com. You can also contact us via our Contact pageYou have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues. In the UK, please read the page Raising a concern with an organisation for details of how to do this. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance. How we protect your personal informationWe are serious about guarding the security of your personal information and use secure servers to store your personal information. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.  We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.Unfortunately, transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee its security and any transmission is at your own risk. Information we may collect from youWe collect name, email, address, year of birth, job level, and company, if you use everywoman products or services, including our membership service the everywomanNetwork.We may collect other data you have provided while contacting us, especially using the contact, download, or signup forms on our website. If you have requested a marketing asset or have participated in a marketing event, we may use your personal information to follow up on the effectiveness of the marketing activity and to ascertain your interest in our products and services.We collect data that you have sent to us through an online survey, event attendance application, event nomination form, event attendance form or job application.We collect anonymous information sent by your browser when you visit our websites, including IP address, operating system, and browser version. If you identify yourself by filling out a form, some data (such as what pages you view on our websites) will be connected to your personal information. CookiesWe use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience and also allows us to improve our website and services (for example, to remember your login details and improve or personalise our services to you).  You may adjust the settings on your browser to refuse cookies, but some of our services may not work if you do so. For detailed information on the cookies we use and why we use them, please read our Cookie Policy.  How we use your informationWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. We never sell or share your personal information to third parties.  Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.Where you have provided your consent for us to use your personal information to market to you, or to people who have previously bought, or have shown an interest in buying, similar products from us and this is in our legitimate interests. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests, and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.If you have requested a marketing asset, or have attended one of our events, we may use your personal information to follow up with you, or measure the effectiveness of the marketing or event. If you are a member, customer or a partner of ours, we may use your contact information to send you product or service updates and information that is relevant to your use of our products and services, and other products and services we provide.We may share information with vendors that act on our behalf (see below), such as services we use to maintain our contact records. These vendors act on our instructions and adhere to the policies described in this document. Use of Vendors:Required site features - vendors who may collect Personal Data about you on our behalf:Salesforce (including Pardot): We use Salesforce to collect and store consent, and to send consent-based email communications. We also use Salesforce to track web visits if you have registered on our website or you have filled out one of our forms. More information can be found on Salesforce's Privacy Policy.Eventsforce: We use Eventsforce to collect information about nominations you may make (or someone may make on your behalf) for our Awards programmes, and to manage the purchase of event tickets. More information can be found on Eventsforce's Privacy Policy.Cisco Webex: We use Cisco Webex to provide our live webinar service. We use information collected by Webex to monitor event attendance and to improve the service we provide. More information can be found on Cisco Webex's Data Privacy.SurveyMonkey: We use SurveyMonkey to collect feedback about our events and awards programmes and membership service, to help monitor and improve our service. More information can be found on SurveyMonkey's Privacy PolicyFunctional site features - vendors who may collect anonymous data about you:Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to analyze the performance of our websites and follow up on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Google Analytics allow us to analyse data in aggregate, we do not collect or store any personal information in Google Analytics. More information can be found on Google's Privacy Policy.Hotjar: We use Hotjar to improve the user experience on our websites. Hotjar collects anonymous usage information from our website, such as mouseclicks, page scrolling and text keyed into forms. Hotjar does not collect form submissions or any personal information. More information can be found on Hotjar's Privacy Policy.We may transfer, store or process your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The laws in some countries may not provide as much legal protection for your personal information as in the EEA.By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. Where we use service providers outside the EEA, we rely on approved data transfer mechanisms (for example, the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and the EU-US Privacy Shield) to ensure that your personal information is adequately safeguarded in the recipient country.We keep your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. These periods vary depending on the nature of the information and your interactions with us. Links to third party websitesOur websites and apps may contain links to other websites to fulfil the provision of our service, including, but not limited to, Cisco Webex for live webinar content, and media players such as iTunes and Google Playstore to listen to our Podcast content. This privacy policy does not apply to those other websites and we do not accept liability for the content of any other website. Please check the privacy policy of any other website before submitting any personal information to it.   Your rightsYou have the right to:Ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can do this at any time by updating your email preferences by clicking the link provided in any marketing email we send you, or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link. Members of the everywomanNetwork can also opt out of marketing by updating their email preferences via their profile page. If you cannot fulfil your request using these tools, please email contact@everywoman.com, via our Contact Page, or contact us using the address above.Request access to your personal information. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it, for example where you consider that we do not need it any longer for the purposes for which we originally collected it as explained to you in this Privacy Policy.We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. Changes to our privacy policyWe keep this privacy policy under regular review and will place any updates on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us and periodically review your profile settings on our website.The privacy policy was last updated June 2020.