http://www.revivaltimes.org/privacy-policy/
Elim Privacy Policy
Kensington Temple
At Elim churches, we collect different types of information about you primarily for the following reasons:
To respond to and communicate with you, sometimes interactively on our service and care.
To restrict our communications to specific users and groups on updates, events and issues that you may wish to hear.
To communicate to you about improving the service and care that you may want us to offer to you.
For statutory and financial reasons.
Our Principles
We are absolutely committed to protecting your privacy. Our policy can be summarised in one sentence – we will not share your information with others without your consent.
The following are our two principles:
We respect your privacy and will treat your data accordingly. You will only hear from us on areas you have specifically signed up to receive.
We will not share any of your details to any third party without your consent.
What information do we collect?
We collect information at our registrations processes to include name, address, and telephone and email contact addresses. We may do so in person, by phone, or online.
For safeguarding reasons we collect information on our children’s ages, health issues and emergency contact details.
We collect information on which training courses and seminars you may have attended so that we can help you with further training and development opportunities.
We collect donation details for regulatory and gift aid reasons.
We collect cell group related data and store it in our Sales Force CRM system called ‘Xchange’ for the administration of the discipleship cell structure and activities.
Who will have access to your information?
Only you and the staff responsible for processing your data will have access to your details.
For emergencies such as health or other serious situations, data may be shared confidentially with other staff that may be responsible for addressing the concern.
What else should you know?
Our services, activities and events are filmed, streamed and photographed. We do not use any footage or images for purposes outside of our mission. If you are concerned, contact us as outlined below to discuss.
From time to time you may hear from us on fundraising initiatives that you may be interested in.
Our web pages may contain links to other websites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices on other websites.
You should not disclose your user names or passwords  to others.
Queries or concerns?
Contact us at 020 8799 6100
or
info@kt.org
or
Data Control Officer KT Summit House 100 Hanger Lane Ealing W5 1EZ
You are also entitled to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/personal-information
KENSINGTON TEMPLEKensington Park RoadNotting Hill GateLondon W11 3BY
T 020 7908 1700info@kt.org
PART OF THE ELIM FOURSQUARE GOSPEL ALLIANCE - elim.org.ukRegistered charity No 251549
KT OFFICE AND BIBLE COLLEGEKT Summit House100 Hanger LaneLondon W5 1EZ
SOCIAL MEDIA
EFFECTIVE PRAYER PODCASTA 24-day journey to study the Bible perspective on Prayer
KT email family
Email*
Name
Last name
Phone
We will use this information to add you to our Emailing list and wont be passed onto a third party. You can unsubscribe at anytime.
We will use this information to add you to our Emailing list and wont be passed onto a third party. You can unsubscribe at anytime.
I consent
Safeguarding  Privacy Policy  Cookies  Covid-19 (Coronavirus)
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+