https://www.sikhcoalition.org/privacy-policy/
Donate
Sign Up
Mobile Menu
Desktop Menu
Home
About Us
Our Work
See All
Creating Safe Schools
Ending Employment Discrimination
Preventing Hate and Discrimination
Empowering the Community
Raising the Sikh Profile
Legal Cases & Policy Initiatives
Get Involved
Learn More
Donate
Take Action
Careers & Internships
Volunteer
Events
Newsroom
Resources
About Sikhs
Blog
Contact Us
Need legal assistance?
Request legal assistance from the Sikh Coalition.
Contact Us
Scroll me
Approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2008
The Sikh Coalition respects the privacy of each individual who visit our website or contacts us through the world wide web. We are grateful for your support and the crucial role you play in helping us continue our valuable work. As part of our commitment to safeguarding your privacy we have adopted the following online privacy policy:
Collection and use of information
We collect two kinds of information, site usage data, which is not individually identifiable, and individually identifiable information.
Site usage data
Our Web server and program we utilize called Google Analytics automatically recognizes and collects the domain name of each visitor to our Web site. We collect information about visitors to our site, such as the number of visitors, what pages they access, and the length of their visit. This information is used in aggregate form in order to manage our Web site and improve its content. No personally identifiable information is collected through this process.
Individually identifiable information
We collect individually identifiable information about you when you voluntarily choose to share information about yourself, for example, when you make a donation, request our services, and sign up to be volunteer or supporter. This information may include your postal or e-mail address, your telephone number and any information on any discrimination or violation of your civil rights that you believe you have suffered.
Individually identifiable information is used to provide you with information or to deliver the service you have requested. If you provide your postal address, telephone number or e-mail address to the Sikh Coalition online, you may receive periodic contacts from us.
Donor privacy policy can be found here.
If you would like to change the way we contact you, please email contact@sikhcoalition.org.
At certain parts of some of our site, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to use tools or otherwise participate in the site’s activities and offerings.
Cookies
We use a technology called a “cookie” to recognize you when you return to our site. Cookies help make your visit more convenient and enjoyable however, if you wish, you may direct your browser to reject cookies.
Sharing Information with Others
We do not share your personally identifiable information with any person or organization outside of the Sikh Coalition. We will only share personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or protect the safety of our users or others. To date, we have not shared any personally identifiable information with any person or organization.
Email Communications
The Sikh Coalition often communicates with its supporters via e-mail to share news relevant to our mission. You can elect not to receive e-mail communications from us, either by clicking here. In addition, all Sikh Coalition e-newsletters and direct email communications have easy-to-follow unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Links to Other Sites
Our site provides links to other Web sites related to our civil and human rights mission. The Sikh Coalition is not responsible for the information practices of linked sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of each site you visit.
Children online
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we adhere to the 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). (For more information, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA site) Whenever we collect or maintain information at our Web site from those we actually know are under 13, we obtain parental consent before any personally identifiable information is collected, used or disclosed. We also follow strict rules when sending email; and we provide parents reasonable access to information collected from their children, and the ability to correct or remove that information.
Security
In order to prevent unauthorized access and protect our users’ personal information, we strive to maintain physical, electronic and administrative safeguards to secure the information we collect online. For example, online donations are processed using a secure server. This secure server software, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here. We encourage you to review our policy from time to time.
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions about the Sikh Coalition’s privacy practices described above, please send an e-mail message to our Operations Director.
Search
The #FarmerProtest movement directly affects a majority of the global Sikh population, and the Sikh Coalition stands in solidarity with these farmers as they continue to advocate for their rights, dignity, and justice. Tell your lawmakers in the U.S. Congress to show the same solidarity and condemn the Indian government’s response to the protest.
Learn More
X