https://www.bcy.org.uk/legal/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Meet the Staff
Meet the Trustees
What We Believe
Finances
What We Do
Assemblies
Churches
CUs
Lessons
Prayspace
Rock Solid and EXPLORE
Youthworkers’ Book Club
Giving
Contact
HomeLegalPrivacy Policy Privacy Policy
BURY St EDMUNDS and DISTRICT CHRISTIAN YOURH (BCY) – Privacy Policy
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (subsequently referred to as The Act), the data controller is
Bury St Edmunds and District Christian Youth
at Pump Lane, Bury St Edmunds, IP33 1HN.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The information we may collect from you and process is what
you provide by filling in forms on our site [bcy.org.uk], including information supplied when you first use our site, when you subscribe to a mailing list or donate to us, when you communicate with us or request further information. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
We may keep a record of your visits to our site. If you contact us, we may also keep a record of your correspondence. If we ask you to complete surveys for research purposes, you do not have to respond to them.
IP addresses
For our system administration we may collect information about your computer, including IP address (where available) and browser type. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. For more detailed information please read our cookies policy.
Who has access to your personal data
The data that we collect from you is stored within our own secure server and is available exclusively to the Trustees and Staff of BCY. Any donation transaction will be encrypted (using SSL technology}. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this storing procedure. We will take all necessary and reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of all information transmitted to our site. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features designed to prevent unauthorised access.
We will not share your data with third parties.
Passwords
In the event that any part of our site is accessed by a password,
you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Use of information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
Disclosure of your information
We will not disclose your information to third parties.
Your access to information held about you
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
The Chairman of Trustees,
Bury St Edmunds and District Christian Youth,
Pump Lane,
Bury St Edmunds, IP33 1HN
or
office@bcy.org.uk
Legal
T&CsCookies PolicyPrivacy Policy
Subscribe
More Info
Stunning feedback on your assembly today. One of the pastoral staff made a point of coming to tell me how much she enjoyed it. Bravo!
Local Headteacher
The BCY team's joyful approach allows young people to express their faith.
Local Headteacher
The impact of Prayspace this week has been quite stunning! Thanks for your creativity and boldness in suggesting it and making it happen.
Local Headteacher
It is clear to see your work really inspires our pupils - and staff. It is great to have you associated with the school.
Local Headteacher
I like Rock Solid club because I can be myself, relax, socialize with new people and learn about God.
Student
Thank you for your discipleship of our son at Rock Solid. We have been so struck by your commitment to the group - it has meant a lot to him and to his mother and me!
Parent of Rock Solid Club member