https://www.housingnet.co.uk/blog/privacy-policy/
Housing
People
Maps
Resources
Commercial
Contracts
DAILY TENDERS
ALL CURRENT CONTRACTS
Planning
Help & Information
Resources
Stock By LA
Land Registry Titles
Library
Data Bank
Contract Registers
Expenditure
BI On-Demand
Locarlaby Housingnet
PLANS & PRICING
LOGIN
Plans & Pricing
Help & Information
Introducing LOCARLA
Housing Directory
Who’s Who in Housing?
Tenders & Leads
Contract Pipeline
Contract Analysis
Housing & Finance
Statistics & Benchmarking
Competitor Analysis
Mapping
Development & Planning
The Library
About Us
Contact
Privacy & Site Policies
Logout
ABOUT COOKIES ON THE SITE
We use cookies to personalise and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices.
By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our Cookie Policy.
Accept
Extracting data. Please wait . . .
Sign InForgotten Password?
Sign in
Buy Now
Housing Associations
Map
Export
News
Blog
About Us | Help & Contact
HousingNet
No further action is permitted on the sample data.Please register or login to continue. Contact Us.
No further action is permitted on the sample data.Please contact us to upgrade.
Terms & Conditions
About Us
As a data company LOCARLA takes the protection of personal data extremely seriously. We collect and store personal information such as Names, Places of Work, Job Titles, email addresses and social media links of Senior Management in Housing related organisations. We also store registration information of our users, subscriber data for our daily Housingnet News email and use Google Analytics for tracking usage of the LOCARLA website.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). By means of this data protection declaration, we would like to inform you of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, LOCARLA has implemented numerous technical and organisational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
Definitions
The data protection declaration for LOCARLA Ltd. is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a Names, Places of Work, Job Titles, email addresses and social media links.
Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Controller or controller responsible for the processing
“Data controller” means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be processed
Processor
“Data processor”, in relation to personal data, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller Recipient
Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
LOCARLA
1A Telferscot Road
London
SW12 0HW
Phone: 020 8772 6426
Email: helpdesk@locarla.com
Website: www.housingnet.co.uk
Primary contact for privacy information: Gaz Summer – gaz.summer@locarla.com
Data Protection Officer (DPO): Ajay Shrivastava – ajaykumar@housingnet.co.uk
Contact Us
Help & Information
Introducing Locarla
Housing Directory
Housing & Finance
Who’s Who in Housing?
The Library – News, Reports & Minutes
The Mapping Project
LOCARLA Premium Screenshots
Peer Benchmarking
Tenders & Leads
Save and Share Notices & Awards
Contract Pipeline
Contract Analysis
Competitor Analysis
Development & Planning
Adding New Users
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Management
GDPR
LOCARLA Help Videos
What they say about us.
2020 VfM Comparison Report
LOCARLA R&M League and Analysis
Introducing LOCARLA
Business Licence
Premium Licence
Email: helpdesk@locarla.com
Phone: 020 8772 6426
HousingNet Ltd. - Registered in England & Wales # 07662962 © Copyright 2020
1A Telferscot Road, London SW12 0HW