https://www.ffslaw.com/our-privacy-policy/
Home / Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
June 26, 2019
Your privacy is important to us. We provide this notice so you will be aware of the types of personal information we may collect when you use this website, why we collect it and with whom we may share it. This notice also describes how we secure your personal information and how you can contact us with any questions or concerns. This policy does not apply to our use of employee or job applicant information. It also does not apply to information we collect offline.
Information You Provide
You may choose to provide us with personal information in the course of using certain features of this website. For example, you may choose to email us through the site, in which case we will receive your name, email address, and any other information you choose to include. We use this information to respond to your inquiry. We also use cookies and other tracking technologies that collect generic data. From time to time we may modify features of our website and you may choose to submit other or additional personal information.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We may utilize obtained data to enhance our connection with you, to improve your experience of using our website, to help us present information that we think you may be interested in, and for marketing activities. With respect to clients, we may also use such data to keep records of our conversation and meetings, to provide targeted services to you, to help us to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, and for other purposes we deem to be necessary for our legitimate interests.
We may share your personal data with tax, audit, regulatory or other authorities, third party service providers, third party outsourced IT and document storage providers, marketing technology platforms and suppliers, and similar such entities.
Protecting Personal Information
We maintain reasonable safeguards, such as administrative, technical and physical security measures, intended to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide or information we collect through this website.
Links to Other Sites
We may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites operate independently from ffslaw.com and we cannot control and are not responsible for their privacy practices or content. As a result, this notice does not apply to any website linked to ffslaw.com. If you have questions about privacy practices of other sites, you should review their privacy notices or contact the site operator..
Contacting Us
Please note that we are unable to give legal advice via email to people who are not established clients of the firm, and that emailing us with details of your personal situation does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. You also may manage your preferences and subscriptions to our electronic publications and alerts using the preference features included in those publications and alerts.
Changes to this Notice
We may amend this notice from time to time. Please visit this page if you want to stay up to date. The effective date at the top of this notice will reflect when it was most recently updated. Your continued use of the website after we post a revised policy signifies your acceptance of the revised policy.
Contact Us
Full Name *
Email *
Phone *
Message *
© 2020 Freeman Freeman & Smiley, LLP
web design by Reinforce Digital
Our Privacy Policy
Scroll
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy