https://www.iccl.ie/privacy/public-services-card/
skip to main content MENUMENUAbout Us
Who we areWhy we need the ICCLOur PeopleSupport UsMembership
Join ICCL
Our Work
Justice
Garda ReformInstitutional AbuseJudicial and Law ReformVictims’ Rights
Equality
Hate CrimeWomen’s RightsDirect Provision
Activism and Civil Society
Protest
Resources for protesters
Freedom of ExpressionHuman Rights
Privacy and Information Rights
Personal Data
The Public Services Card: what's the big deal?What is Real Time Bidding?
Mass SurveillanceTechnology and Free Expression
News and Events
EventsNewsPhoto Gallery
Media Centre
Press ReleasesICCL in the media
Take Action
Donate
The Friends of ICCL
Join ICCLOur PetitionsOur Campaigns
Publications
Annual ReportsHuman Rights PublicationsEquality Publications
Justice PublicationsNewslettersPress Releases
Strategic PlansOtherArchive
2018 Archive
DonateFind out how you can support our vital workHome / Privacy and Information Rights / The Public Services Card: stop the roll-out now!
ICCL has been fighting the roll-out of this card for years.
Recently, the Data Protection Commissioner found that there was no legal basis for demanding the card for many of the public services for which it’s now mandatory. They said that only the Department of Social Protection can legally use the card, and even then only for certain services. However, until the Department releases the full DPC report, we have no way of knowing which services can legally use the card.
The DPC also ordered that all government departments stop using the card by 5th September. AND they ordered the Department of Social Protection to delete all data not relevant to the provision of services.
Our calls are clear: Release the Report. Delete Our Data. Cut the Card!
But what’s the problem with the card?
Your biometric information (photo) is stored alongside crucial identifying information (your name and signature) in a database. Databases, by their nature, are insecure and the government has not published the security protocols in place on this one. Therefore, your identity could be vulnerable to theft.
The card targets economically vulnerable people, such as those in receipt of social welfare, pension, child benefit or State grants. However, the government has explicitly stated that it intends to use the PSC for services such as health and legal services. Eventually, everyone may be obliged to get one.
It has cost an estimated €60 million to roll out, with savings of only €2.5million in welfare fraud, according to the Department of Social Welfare.
So, in time, you could be forced to store intimate personal data in this database which would be vulnerable to attack. The government has continued to roll-out the Public Services Card despite these problems.
Read more about the myriad of problems with the PSC.
Read about why your right
to privacy is so important.
Sign the petition to stop the Public Services Card by clicking here
But isn’t it also much more convenient?
Convenience is not an excuse for the government to violate your right to privacy.
Government should facilitate you accessing essential services, not force you to hand over biometric data in order to access them.
What about preventing welfare fraud?
Actually, welfare fraud is far less common than the State would like you to believe. White-collar crime robs the taxpayer of much more every year.
And there are better, less invasive ways to achieve this aim.
In any case, it doesn’t appear the card is saving the state money in this regard.
In summary, the
PSC should not be continued in its current form given that:
(a) it has no clear legislative
basis;
(b) it is not a necessary or
proportionate system for achieving access of services or fraud
prevention; and
(c) there is a serious risk that your personal, intimate data could be hacked, leaked and sold.
Please support our campaign to stop the Public Services Card by clicking here.
Timeline: ICCL’s campaign to stop the PSC
July 2019: UN Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty address Dublin audience about the PSC
Read about it: UN poverty expert hits out at Public Services Card
Philip Alston, UN Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty speaking at ICCL’s event on the PSC
June 2019: Read our submission to the UN Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty here.
The Special Rapporteur will use this information for his next thematic report to the UN Human Rights Council, which will focus on digital surveillance in social welfare systems.
January 2019: Dept
of Social Protection refuses FOI request regarding Public Services
Card
We put in a request for all
information regarding the Data Protection Commissioner’s
investigation into the legal basis for the public services card under
the Freedom of Information Act, and they refused to share it with us,
on the grounds that it might be “contrary to the public
interest”. Not only that, but it seems that the DPC, when it
does eventually publish its report, only intends to publish a
summary.
Read more: https://www.iccl.ie/news/dept-social-protection-refuse-foi-psc/
October 2018: Our resident privacy expert, Elizabeth Farries, speaks about the problem with the PSC
Watch the video here
April 2018: We pushed back when the government tried to make a PSC a requirement for getting a driver’s license.
The government has since had to stall the roll-out of PSC for your driver’s license. Read our statement here.
February 2018:
ICCL tells the Oireachtas why the PSC is  worrisome.
We presented our concerns about the Public Services Card to the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Social Protection on 8 February 2018. Read the report here.
October 2017: We held a public meeting in October 2017 to discuss privacy issues in relation to the PSC.
We can’t keep fighting the Public Services Card without support. Click here to join us.
Latest News
ICCL is Hiring: Policy Officer Positions (Criminal Justice & Democratic Freedoms)
Rights in a Pandemic
Mother of Dara Quigley and ICCL call for image-based sexual abuse to be criminalised
Statement from Aileen Malone, mother of Dara Quigley
ICCL welcomes anti-torture report, calls for long overdue ratification of UN treaty
News and EventsOur OrganisationInternational Partnerships
Contact ICCL
Irish Council for Civil Liberties,
Unit 11, First Floor,
34, Usher's Quay,
Dublin 8
Phone: +353-1-9121640
Email: info@iccl.ie
Privacy & Data Use
Sign up for our Newsletter
Email
Subscribe