https://www.compactlaw.co.uk/compactlaw-admin/privacy.html
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Staff Handbooks
Business Pack
Workplace Pack
HR Pack
Health & Safety Pack
Landlord Pack
Single Legal Documents
Free Legal Information
Free Legal Documents
Your Privacy
advertisement
Data ProtectionCompactLaw complies with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018 when dealing with customer data.
We only hold the data necessary to offer services provided on CompactLaw. This means we only process and retain data related to purchases and subsequent support, product updates & releases related to those purchases, in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Any processing of your data is only done to provide or perform the services you have purchased. We do not ask for or use more data than necessary to provide you with a proper service. We only hold personal data for as long as needed, once data is no longer needed we delete it.
Card & Payment Processing Data We use SagePay and PayPal to handle card and payment processing data securely. We never see or store any card or payment information. In accordance with Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) any other data is only used to process your purchase securely. Under Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we need to retain data related to all purchases to fulfil our existing legal obligations to account for tax and VAT on all transactions.
Backup & Storage For administrative reasons, customer data may be passed to and stored securely with third party service providers located outside the EEA (European Economic Area). This is done to backup and preserve your data where it is needed to carry on offering a service to you.
Customer RequestsAs a customer, you can at any time (and free of charge) request details of the data we hold relating to you - and you can also request any such data is amended or deleted. Please note that if you request deletion of your data, this may prevent us from offering any further support relating to your previous purchases.
EmailsCompactLaw only sends emails to customers and prospective customers relating to product updates and releases - this is to ensure that customers stay up to date with the product versions we release. All emails sent by CompactLaw contain clear information on how to unsubscribe.
Unlike our competitors - We never trade, rent or sell mailing lists or customer data to third parties.
No SpamIn accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, we never send bulk unsolicited emails, (spam).
Google AdsAlongside the free information, documents and other services we offer or may offer we include advertisements provided by Google. Please note this is an automated service provided by Google. Google does provide us with basic statistics related to these ads. However, this data relates purely to the advertisements and never includes any personal data of any kind.
How We Use Cookies
advertisement
Free legal information & documents
Free Legal Information
Free Legal Documents
About
Contact
FAQs
Terms
Case examples
Court fees
Legal articles
Follow us
Your comments
Press
Links
Cookies
Link to us
Blog
Privacy
© 1996 - 2020 CompactLaw® - All rights reserved