http://www.80sxchange.com/privacy2.htm
80's Message Board | 80sXChange Banners | About 80sXChange | Home
Privacy Statement for 80sxchange.com
80sxchange.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: http://www.80sxchange.com
To contact us, regarding any privacy concerns, you can reach us at:
RBG Creative
PO Box 195
Rutland, Ohio 45775
tony at rbgcreative dot com
We provide the following level of access to users information collected on this site: none
We collect the following types of information:
User Information
User Name
User Birth Date
User Gender
Dynamic Information
Http Cookies
High Level Information Categories
Financial Information
Demographic and Socioeconomic Data
We use this information for:
Web Site and System Administration
Completion and Support of Current Activity
This data may be shared with:
Ourselves and/or our agents
We retain this information Data retained for indeterminate time.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Cookies and AdSense:
Third parties, such as Google AdSense, may place and read cookies on your browser, or use web beacons to collect information, while serving ads on AssociatePrograms.com.
Here is how Google explains cookies: "A 'cookie' is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies."
80's Message Board | 80sXChange Banners | About 80sXChange | Home