http://www.worcestershire.gov.uk/here2help
Cookie Control
Worcestershire County Council have used cookies to improve
the way our website works for you.
(Some may have been set already).
I accept
I do not accept
We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
Home
Community, Volunteering and Act Local
Here2Help Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Here2Help Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Here2Help is a community action response to Coronavirus (COVID-19)
There continues to be vulnerable people in our community who have to self-isolate. This site provides a central location for the vulnerable who are unable to seek help from family, friends and neighbours. You can request help and find useful resources.
if you have symptoms use the NHS 111 online coronavirus service (opens in a new window) to find out what to do
if you need advice and guidance go to Worcestershire County Council Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Resources to help you
We have put together a series of resources to help you and your family whilst following the National Government advice.
Advice for the clinically extremely vulnerable
Benefits calculators (from GOV.UK)
Food and supplies
Test and trace support payment
Act on energy (external website)
Work and financial support (from GOV.UK)
Advent calendar
Children and families
Education resources and keeping children and young people entertained
Free school meals
Supporting happy parental relationships
School holiday food and activities
The Rona Hub for young adults
Mental Health and well-being for all ages
Advice for working from home
Helping older people stay well and healthy at home
Staying at home wellbeing
Mental health urgent help
Working and businesses
Boost your workplace skills
Funding for charities and voluntary organisations
Here2Help Business
Helping Worcestershire back to work
Are you in need of help?
If you are vulnerable and need help during this difficult time but are unable to seek help from family, friends and neighbours, click below and compete a form and a helper will be in contact:
I need help
Become a Here2Help volunteer
We have received many kind offers of help and support from individuals, groups and businesses across Worcestershire during the pandemic. We would love to hear from you if you could help as a volunteer.
Register as a volunteer
A phone number has been set up to help those who can’t access the internet, to help them fill out the form.
The dedicated number is: 01905 768053 then press option 3. The Here2Help opening hours are Monday to Thursday 9.00am to 5.00pm and Friday 9.00am to 4.30pm.
5 steps to look after yourself and others
Take care of yourself and stay healthy
Call, chat, check
Be Kind.
Think of others
Get online to stay in touch
Share advice & information
Here2Help: Privacy and your information
How we use your information during this campaign can be found in the Coronavirus response and Here2Help Worcestershire Privacy Notice page.
Important information about helpful community groups and organisations.
Our campaign
Requests for help: 4356
Offers of help: 2029
(Updated: 7 December 2020)
Services
Advice, care, health and support
Birth, Death, Marriage, Civil Partnership and Citizenship
Business
Community, Volunteering and Act Local
Council, Democracy and Councillor Information
Environmental Services
Libraries, Archive and Archaeology
Schools, Education and Learning
Travel and Roads
Jobs and Careers
Professionals, Partners and Providers
Campaigns
Consultations
Digital Worcestershire
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Follow us on:
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
What’s Happening...
A to Z of services
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Events in Worcestershire
News and social media
Rate this page
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Gender Pay Gap Report
Your Area