http://www.heartofla.org/privacy-policy
WHO IS HOLA
Leadership
Programs
CONNECT
Blog
Donate
Back
Mission
History
Partners
Donors
Financials
Media
Back
Meet the CEO
Board of Directors
Staff
Back
Academics
Arts
Athletics
Wellness
Program Enrollment
Back
Contact Us
Events
Volunteer
Ways to Give
Careers
Back
Recent News
Arts & Rec Center
HOLA in the News
Programs & Community
Supporters & Partners
Privacy PolicyWe are committed to respecting the privacy rights of all donors and visitors to our website. The following information details Heart of Los Angeles’ (HOLA) collection, protection, and use of the data we receive from donors and visitors to this website.Our General PolicyHOLA recognizes the importance of protecting information we may collect from donors and visitors to our site. Our policy is to use the information we acquire from visitors and donors for internal purposes only, and we maintain appropriate security measures to keep this information private.Users can visit the site without revealing any information about themselves. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet for the purposes of correspondence, processing a donation or subscribing to our email newsletter, then it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information.HOLA will remove your name from our mailing list, email list or telephone solicitation list at any time, at your request. We will not sell, rent or trade your email address to a third party.Email UpdatesWe use a third-party email marketing party to deliver emails. This company employs techniques for tracking open rates and click-thrus that use email address as an identifier.You will be given the option to remove your name from our email list at the bottom of each email update. And, again, we will not sell, rent or trade your email address to a third party.Online DonationsHOLA’s online and offline donation processing systems comply with VeriSign Security Standards, a set of comprehensive requirements for enhancing payment account data security. For more about these standards, click here.Our online donation processor, eTapestry, uses industry-leading Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to keep your personal information as secure as possible. eTapestry helps to protect your information by working with partners that provide a secure and safe environment for credit card donations.Independent external and internal audits ensure the privacy, security and appropriate processing of your information on our site.Use of Third-Party SoftwareWeb browser tell us the type of computer and operating system our site visitors are using. We’re also able to learn the domain where our visitors come from. We analyze this data for trends and insights.We also use Google Analytics and Quantcast to examine data about our site visitors. Both of these services tell us information about technical aspects of our visitors’ computers and some demographic information. We use this information to improve our content and structure, leading to a better user experience.We do not receive or request any personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it.If you would have additional questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us via email at info@heartofla.org or (213) 389-1148.