https://www.seniorsguide.com/terms-of-service/
Search
Care Assessment
Retirement Communities
Home Care
Senior Services
Blog
For Industry Professionals
Magazine
Events
Contact
Terms of Service and Privacy Disclaimer
Table of Contents
Terms of ServiceTerms of AgreementPrivacy Statement & DisclaimerFAQ’s
Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using the SeniorsGuide.com website (the “Service”) operated by Ross Publishing, Inc (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by SeniorsGuide.com (Ross Publishing, Inc.).
SeniorsGuide.com has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Seniors Guide shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Terms of Agreement
When advertising, you receive…
Your Profile Page on www.SeniorsGuide.com includes:Main PhotoBusiness Name, Phone Number, AddressLinks to your Website Pages on your Listing(s)Description Overview TextFeatured Care Options and AmenitiesDriving Directions to your CommunityListing on relevant listing pages that’ll take Visitors to your profile pageReceive Specific Leads from Visitors who fill out the formLeads are unlimited so all will be Delivered inReal-Time Directly to your Email
This advertising agreement is for an online listing on SeniorsGuide.com and automatically renews each month. Your first monthly billing charge begins the day of sign-up, and each month thereafter you’ll be charged on that same day of the month. To cancel your web ad and opt out of the Leads Program, a notice of cancellation must be sent in writing, and received within 30 days prior to that month’s billing date to avoid your monthly charge. Your listing will be removed from the website within a week of cancellation. Once your listing is submitted, please allow up to two business days for your listing to be published online. If there are any questions regarding your online web ad submission, please make sure you provide your phone number so we may get in contact with you.
Privacy Statement & Disclaimer
Thank you for visiting www.SeniorsGuide.com, a site presented to you by Ross Publishing, Inc.
About Seniors Guide
All information on this site has been supplied by owners, managers and agents of the companies represented. We have made every effort to assure accurate information, but may be subject to errors and omissions. All rental or sales terms and conditions were current at the publish date, but are subject to change without notice. All rights reserved by copyright. Seniors Guide©‚ or parts must not be reproduced in any commercial form.
All real estate advertised herin is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act which makes it illegal to advertise any preference, limitation, or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make any such preference, limitation, or discrimination. We will not knowingly accept any advertising which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all advertised dwellings are available on an equal opportunity basis.
By visiting SeniorsGuide.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
The information we learn from customers allows us to personalize and continually improve your experience here at www.SeniorsGuide.com.
Here are the types of information we use and/or provide:
1. Cookies which are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages.
We use cookies on our site to:
Personalize your experience.Analyze which pages visitors visit.Measure advertising and promotional effectiveness.
2. Information you have supplied by various forms.
We may use the information you provide about yourself to:
Fulfill your requests for information about our advertisers communities, products, programs and services.Fulfill your requests for magazines in both digital and print forms.
3. Links to other web sites.
www.SeniorsGuide.com includes links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party website.
4. Privacy Statement updates.
www.SeniorsGuide.com may update this privacy statement at anytime by posting a new version.You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
5. Questions?
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please contact us by:
By Phone – Toll free: (866) 774-8433By Phone – (804) 674-5004By Mail – P.O. Box 35026 Richmond, Va 23235
FAQ’s
Frequently Asked Questions about our online advertising program.
Q: How much will advertising my listing online cost me?A: Profile Page and Banner Ad rates are dependent on different factors and cases.  Consult a sales team member for details about our advertising program!
Q: How long will it take to get my listing to show up?A: Please allow two business days for your listing to appear online.
Q: How much information can I add?A: We encourage you to put as much information about your company as you can. The more information you provide about how you can help, the more likely that our visitors online will be interested in your company.
Q: How do I know my listing will be found?A: We work hard to provide the best SEO (Search Engine Optimization) for the senior care industry so that your listing on our website will be found on Google and other search engines.
Q: What if I want my listing to be first?A: By default, all of our listings are shown by closest to the user’s chosen location – but we do offer
upgrades that will show your listing above others.  For more information on your listing becoming a priority, please contact us after your listing is live on our website.
Q: How many levels of care and categories can I choose to be listed under?A: You can be listed wherever on the site that applies to you. It is important that care levels and categories selected accurately describe how you can help, or you could receive leads that are not qualified correctly.
Q: Is there a limit to how many leads I can receive?A: No – you can receive all of your leads from our website without any additional cost! Unlike other sites that charge per lead, we are here to give you the best possible solution for your company. With your online web ad you can receive as many leads as possible. So whether it’s a couple or a hundred, it is all included in your monthly fee.
Q: What if I do not want to advertise anymore?A: To cancel your web ad and opt out of the Leads Program, a notice of cancellation must be sent in writing, and received within 30 days prior to that month’s billing date to avoid your monthly charge. Your listing will be removed from the website within a week of cancellation.
Q: What if I need to freeze my account or put advertising on hold?A: That is perfectly OK. Please provide the appropriate cancellation notices mentioned above. When you are ready to appear back online, just contact us to continue advertising.
Q: Will it cost me to list multiple locations?A: Yes, each additional listing will incur an additional listing fee, as well as any upgrades that are individual to that listing.
If there are any questions that have not been answered please call 804-674-5004 or email us at:  AdvertiseOnline@seniorsguide.com
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style
– Maya Angelou