https://www.fredlaw.com/privacy_policy/
Privacy Policy - Fredrikson & Byron · Fredrikson & Byron, P.A.
Skip Navigation
1.800.236.6199
Subscribe
Twitter
Linked In
Facebook
Youtube
Add This
Locations
Accessibility Statement
Client Log In
Search the site
1.800.236.6199
Locations
Fredrikson & Byron, P.A.
Menu
Search the site
View Navigation
Our People
Practices & Industries
Client Successes
Updates & Events
News & Media
Legal Updates
Events
Legal Blogs
Our Firm
Awards & Rankings
Client Service Standards
Diversity & Inclusion
Pro Bono
Foundation
Careers
Attorneys & Law Students
Support Staff
Equal Employment Opportunity
Subscribe
Accessibility Statement
Twitter
Linked In
Facebook
Youtube
Add This
HOME Privacy Policy
Many features of this site require JavaScript. Learn how to enable javascript.
Fredrikson & Byron, PA Website Privacy Policy
We recognize that privacy is important to you. The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy (or “Policy”) is to let you know how we handle the information we receive from you and about you through this website with a home-page located at www.fredlaw.com including all subordinate and related web-pages (collectively, the “website”) operated by Fredrikson & Byron, P.A. (“Fredrikson,” “us,” or similar terms). Portions of this website may describe additional privacy practices applicable to specific types of information collected or provided on particular web pages, and in such case apply only to that particular page or site.
This Website Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through other means such as by telephone, by mail, or in person, although that information may be protected by other policies or applicable law.
In the event of any conflict between this Website Privacy Policy and either (1) a specific client engagement letter and related terms, if any; (2) applicable law; and/or (3) applicable rules of professional conduct, the terms of items (1), (2), and (3) shall control over this Website Privacy Policy, and this Website Privacy Policy shall be deemed amended to conform to such other items.
In particular, this Website Privacy Policy describes:
How your personal information is collected.
How we use and protect personal information.
With whom we share information.
Your choices and options regarding the use and sharing of your information.
By using the website, you, on behalf of yourself and any other person or entity on whose behalf you are using this website (collectively, “you”), consent and agree to our use, sharing and disclosure of information as described in this Website Privacy Policy including any revisions to the Policy.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Information You Give Us
You do not need to provide us with personal information in order to view this website. However, when you use this website you may choose to provide us with information about yourself in a variety of different ways. We may collect and combine this information with information you choose to provide off-line. Some examples include when you:
Provide us your email and other contact information in order to receive “newsletters,” email updates, or other publications, articles, or notifications.
Send us an email.
Provide us with feedback or input on any item or matter.
Request that an attorney contact you or provide information to you.
Register for or participate in an in-person or on-line event such as a seminar or webinar.
Sign up or subscribe to any on-line or off-line publication or information offering provided by us.
Purchase any item from us, such as a handbook or other publication.
Submit a testimonial, comment, or other feedback message on a blog or other public-forum hosted on the website, if any.
Send us payment information, such as a credit card number provided by email.
Submit or request career / employment information.
Otherwise submit personal information to us.
Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you. The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information such as your name, email and physical addresses, phone numbers, and credit and debit card information.
An Internet Protocol (or “IP”) address is a unique identifier that identifies certain information about the machine(s) involved in accessing the Internet. When you visit our website, we may view the IP address of the device you are using to connect to the Internet and view our website.
How We Use Your Information?
We use information about you to communicate with you, provide services, information, and/or requested products to you, to promote our business, and to otherwise support our business. Some examples include but are not limited to:
To respond to an e-mail or request from you.
To personalize the website for you.
To administer surveys and promotions, if any.
To provide you with information that we believe may be useful to you, such as information about products or services provided by us or other businesses.
To process an employment application or information request.
To perform analytics and to improve our products, websites, and advertising.
To comply with applicable laws, regulations, and legal process.
To protect our rights, the rights of affiliates or related third parties or others, or take appropriate legal action, such as to enforce our Terms of Use.
To keep a record of our transactions and communications.
To share information with affiliated entities, such as Fredrikson Healthcare Consulting.
As otherwise necessary or useful for us to conduct our business, so long as such use is permitted by applicable law and rules.
We may use personal information to contact you, consistent with applicable law, through any contact information you provide through our websites, including any email address, telephone number, cell phone number, text message number, or fax number. You expressly consent to our use of all information provided by you to contact you by any applicable method.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Fredrikson does not sell or rent your personal information to unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. We do share information about you with third parties for the following purposes:
Service Providers and Vendors to Fredrikson
We may share information about you to vendors and service providers that assist us with our business. For example, if you order a product (such as a legal handbook authored by us) to be shipped, we will share your name and address with the delivery service such as UPS. Similarly, if you pay for an item with a credit card, we share information with the applicable financial institution(s) as necessary to process your transaction and to protect against fraud. We share information with other companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites. We may share email information with a third party email vendor. We may also store information via cloud or similar technology involving third party storage or technology. We may share information with our affiliates, such as Fredrikson Health Care. Your personal information will be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States. By contract, we require our service providers to use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others
We may disclose your information in other special circumstances. These include situations when the sharing is necessary or reasonably desirable in our business judgment to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Fredrikson, our clients, our vendors, or any other person, or where otherwise required by law. Fredrikson may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legal inquiry or order such as a subpoena, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We may share your information and cooperate with law enforcement authorities at our discretion, so long as such action is permitted by applicable law and rules of attorney conduct.
Business Transfers
We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Fredrikson and its assets, or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control or similar transaction. We may also share information with our affiliate entities, such as Fredrikson Healthcare Consulting.
Aggregate Information
We may de-identify and aggregate information regarding the use of our website. Once all identifying information about you has been removed and the information is anonymous, we may use or share such aggregate information without restriction.
Your Choices.
Data Collection, Use, or Disclosure
This website does not offer a “privacy settings” or “review your information” page or functionality. If such functionality is added, we will provide a link or directions to it on this or a similar page of the website.
To learn more about cookies, including how to refuse cookies on your device, follow these links:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/cookies.shtm
How to Access and Update Your Information.
Fredrikson takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete. You can access or update your personal information, including contact or account information, in the following way:
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the “Contact Us” section at the bottom of this Policy. Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes. We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available, unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures. Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect. We will provide access and make changes you request, or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request.
Information Security.
Information security is important to Fredrikson. We use reasonable security measures designed to help protect the confidentiality of personal information. Due to the nature of the Internet and online communications, however, we cannot guarantee that any information transmitted online will remain absolutely confidential, and we are not liable for the illegal acts of third parties such as criminal hackers, nor for the actions of third party telecommunication providers such as AT&T, or actions of governments including the U.S. government. When you are accessing third party tools that appear on this website (for example, Google maps), the third party may also collect information about you, including information such as an Internet protocol (IP) address.
Most e-mail, including any e-mail functionality on our site, does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. If you send an e-mail communication to us, it is possible that your e-mail may be accessed or viewed inappropriately by another Internet user while in transit to us. If you wish to keep your information completely private, you should not use e-mail.
Additional Security
We use appropriate physical, administrative, and technical controls to protect your information as well as our computers and technology that stores your information.
Payment and Financial Information
We protect payment card information we collect during transactions. We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing customer information. These include using secure networks; encryption or other protection of cardholder data; physical and technical access controls; monitors and tests of security systems; and information security policies.
Privacy of Children Online
We are committed to protecting children’s online privacy. Our websites are for a general audience and are not geared towards children. In order to protect the privacy of children, Fredrikson websites and mobile applications do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. Please contact us via the “Contact Us” section of this Policy if you believe we may have collected information from your child and we will work to delete it.
International.
You understand and agree that information about you may be sent to and processed by computers located in the United States.
Changes to the Fredrikson Privacy Policy.
We may modify this privacy policy from time to time. Please check back on this page for notice of such changes.
Contact Us.
You may contact us at:
webmaster@fredlaw.com or
Webmaster
Fredrikson & Byron, P.A.
Suite 4000
200 South Sixth Street
Minneapolis, MN 55402-1425
Your California Privacy Rights.
Our privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes. The Policy and rights apply to all customers, including California residents:
We do not sell information with others outside of Fredrikson for marketing purposes, except as is otherwise described in this Website Privacy Policy.
We may share information with vendors, such as a fulfillment company that assists us with our operations.
See the section above “With Whom Do We Share Your Information” for a full description.
Do Not Track Disclosure: This website does not monitor or identify “do not track signals” from your computer, and such signals will not impact the operation of this website.
Please contact us with any questions, or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose, via the Contact Us section above.
Last Updated: December 1, 2013
Our Locations
Minneapolis
Mankato
Bismarck
St. Paul
Des Moines
Saltillo, Mexico
Fargo
Shanghai, China
Connect With Us
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to our updates
Connect on LinkedIn
Like us on Facebook
Connect on YouTube
Follow us on Instagram
View Full Site
View Mobile Optimized
Back to Top
Fredrikson & Byron, P.A.
Copyright © 2020 Fredrikson & Byron P.A. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | CA Privacy Rights | Equal Employment Opportunity | Accessibility Statement
Fredrikson & Byron, P.A. stores cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, make your browsing experience as useful as possible, and analyze site usage. By accessing this website with cookies enabled in your web browser, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.