https://www.ywcawilliamsport.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
A-
A
A+
YWCA Northcentral PA Privacy Policy
Data and security are important to all of us at the YWCA. In fact, most of our work is confidential. So, we understand your need for privacy. This Privacy Policy states the practices for the YWCA Northcentral PA website. It applies to any and all data that you, as a visitor, provide.
The data that is, or can be, collected from you through our website.
The data collected is used only per your request.
We have security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your data.
How you can correct any mistakes in data.
Privacy Policy: Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of this website. We only have access to information you provide. That means an email, address, phone number, etc. only if you provide them. This information is not made available to the public.
For example, if you sign up for our e-newsletter, only your email is used.
If you make a donation, we will send a confirmation to your email for your records. Billing address is required for any money donations but we do not send mail items.
For more information on donating, click here.
We use your data only to respond to you and only regarding the reason you contacted us. We do not share your data with any third party.
Unless asked not to, we will contact you via email to notify you of any privacy policy changes.
Privacy Policy: Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We protect your data. When you submit sensitive data via the website, your data is safe.
When we collect sensitive data, such as a credit card number, that data is encrypted and transmitted directly to us. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect data online, we also protect your data offline. Only employees who need the data to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personal data.
The computers/servers in which we store personal data are kept in a secure, locked environment.
815 W. Fourth St. Williamsport, PA 17701  |  Phone: (570) 322-4637  |  Fax: (570) 322-3029  |
© 2020 YWCA Northcentral PA, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap