http://www.ccla.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
OUR COMMITMENT
The Canadian Civil Liberties Association (CCLA) is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its employees, members, and donors. We value the trust of those we deal with, and of the public, and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the information that you choose to share with us.
During the course of our membership and fundraising projects and activities, we gather and use personal information. Anyone from whom we collect such information should expect that it will be carefully protected and that any use of or other dealing with this information is subject to consent. Our privacy practices are designated to achieve this.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify, or contact a specific individual. CCLA routinely collects and maintains records of the following information from its members and donors: name, address, telephone number, and record of contributions made to the organization. Monthly donors provide permission to the organization to keep credit card or bank account numbers ONLY for the purposes of monthly transactions.
SAFEGUARDS
Personal information gathered by our organization is kept in confidence. Only select CCLA personnel have access to this personal information and then only for the purposes under which it was collected. All personal information is kept secured in locked areas and electronic information is password protected. Personal information is destroyed under secure and monitored conditions.
PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE
Personal information is collected from members and donors only for the following purposes: to prepare distribution of letters, newsletters, and other CCLA information to members and donors; to add, delete, or modify information regarding members and donors; or to inform a member or donor of what information CCLA has collected on him or her. Personal banking or credit card information is never shared with other organizations. We collect, use, and disclose personal information only for these purposes and for no others.
OBTAINING/MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION
A member or donor may obtain access to his or her own information orally or in writing from CCLA, and may request modifications to the information. Before disclosure or modification, the following information will be requested for security purposes: name, address, and telephone number. Personal information cannot and will not be disclosed to persons other than the person who it pertains to.
COMPLAINTS
Complaints regarding CCLA collection, use, or destruction of personal information shall be made in writing to the Director of Adminstration. The Director will send a notice of receipt within fourteen days, and after attempting to resolve the complaint will send a final notice of the complaint’s resolution within thirty days.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions, concerns, or complaints relating to CCLA’s privacy policy on the treatment of personal information should be made to: Lejla Sahovic, Director of Administration at Suite 900, 90 Eglinton Ave. E, Toronto, ON M4P 1A6; phone 416-363-0321; e-mail: lsahovic [at] ccla [dot] org.
Further information on privacy and your rights in regard to your personal information may be found on the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at www.privcom.gc.ca/
English (Canada)
Français du Canada
English (Canada)