http://www.wmhsmun.org/privacy-policy
Home
Conference
Welcome
About
Secretariat
Schedule
Events
Fees
Policies
Committees
Resources
Basics of MUN
Research
Position Papers
How-To MUN
Register
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is critically important to us. At WMHSMUN, we have a few fundamental principles:We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our conference, or protect our rights.We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the ongoing operation of our web tools.We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to see what information we know about you—and you can always change or delete any personal information.William and Mary High School Model United Nations ("WMHSMUN") operates the website wmhsmun.org and the WMHSMUN apps. It is WMHSMUN's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.WEBSITE VISITORS & MOBILE USERSLike most web operators, WMHSMUN collects non-personally identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. WMHSMUN's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how WMHSMUN's visitors use its tools. From time to time, WMHSMUN may release non-personally identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.WMHSMUN also collects potentially personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. WMHSMUN does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally identifying information, as described below.GATHERING OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONCertain visitors to WMHSMUN's web tools choose to interact with WMHSMUN in ways that require WMHSMUN to gather personally identifying information. The amount and type of information that WMHSMUN gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for our annual Model United Nations conference to provide a name, username, email address, and telephone number. Those who engage in transactions with WMHSMUN by purchasing admission to the WMHSMUN conference are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, WMHSMUN collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with WMHSMUN. WMHSMUN does not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in the use of some of our web tools.AGGREGATED STATISTICSWMHSMUN may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, WMHSMUN may monitor conference registrations performed on wmhsmun.org in the aggregate for market research. WMHSMUN may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, WMHSMUN does not disclose personally identifying information other than as described below.PROTECTION OF INFORMATIONWMHSMUN discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on WMHSMUN's behalf or to provide services available at WMHSMUN's web tools, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using WMHSMUN's web tools, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. WMHSMUN will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, WMHSMUN discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when WMHSMUN believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of WMHSMUN, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a WMHSMUN website and have supplied your email address, WMHSMUN may occasionally send you an email to tell you about news and events, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with WMHSMUN and our conference. We primarily use our website and mobile apps to communicate this type of information, so we keep this type of communication to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. WMHSMUN takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information.COOKIESA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. WMHSMUN uses cookies to help WMHSMUN identify and track visitors and their usage of the WMHSMUN website. WMHSMUN visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using WMHSMUN's websites, with the drawback that certain features of WMHSMUN's website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.PRIVACY POLICY CHANGESAlthough most changes will be minor, WMHSMUN may change its Privacy Policy at any time, and in WMHSMUN's sole discretion. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.