https://www.greatlengths.com/cookie-policy
WHERE WE ARE
MENU
HAIR JOURNEY
HAIR EXTENSIONS
GL PRE-BONDED
GL TAPES
GL VOLUME
TECHNOLOGY
BRUSHES
WHERE WE ARE
LITTLE PRINCESS TRUST
CAMPAIGNS
HAIR LIKE YOU
THE GREAT ITALIAN JOURNEY
GL CERTIFICATION
STORIES
WE ARE GREAT LENGTHS
CONTACTS
FAQ
Follow us on
GET GL CERTIFIED
COUNTRY
IT
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files which your browser files and stores on your terminal device. They do not cause any harm. Cookies save the information like for example your preferred language, the articles placed in the virtual shopping cart or other personal settings of the page.We use cookies to make our offer more user-friendly. Some cookies will remain saved on your terminal device until you delete them. They enable us to recognize your browser at your next visit.The deactivation of cookies may restrict the functionality of our website.
Characteristics and purposes of cookies
Our Site uses the following categories of cookies, which can be from us or third parties.
Technical and functional cookies
a) Technical cookies or "technical cookies": They are used to facilitate your navigation on the Site and the use of its features. Among the technical cookies, we point out the essential cookies, also called "strictly necessary", which enable functions without which it would not be possible to fully use the Site as well as the performance cookies or "performance cookies" that allow you to improve the functionality of the Site.
b) Function cookies or "functionality cookies": They allow the Site to remember the choices you made (for example the language or the geographical area in which you are) and propose them to subsequent accesses in order to provide better and personalized services (for example, they can be used to offer content similar to those you have previously requested).
Third Party’s cookies: Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google  Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files which will be saved on your computer and facilitates the analysis as regards the use of the Site by you. The information generated by the cookie  concerning your use of this website is normally transmitted to a server of Google in the US and  saved there. In case of activation of the IP-anonymization on this website, your IP-address will first be shortened within the Member States of the European Union or in other contractual countries in  which the agreement of the European Economic Area applies. Only in exceptional cases the entire IP-address will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the provider of this website Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this website, to  create reports on the website activities and to perform further services connected to the website use and the internet use vis-à-vis the website provider.
The IP-address transmitted from your browser in the framework of Google Analytics, will not be  combined with other data from Google.
You can prevent the storage of cookies through specific settings in your browser software: but  please note that in this case you will eventually not be able to use all functions of our website to  their full extent. Furthermore, you can prevent the collection of data which are generated through  cookies and refer to your use of this website (incl. your IP-address) as well as the processing of  these data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension „__anonymizelp()“. By that the shortened IP-addresses are further processed, and hence a personalization can be excluded. If the data  collected on you allow a personalization, this will immediately be excluded, and the personal data will then be deleted.
We use Google Analytics to analyses the use of our website and to be able to regularly improve it.
Through the gained statistics we can improve our offer and render it more interesting for you as a user. In exceptional circumstances, when personal data are transmitted to the U.S., Google  submitted itself to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Information of the third-party provider: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House,  Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. User
conditions: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, overview on the data
protection: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en, as well as the privacy  statement: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Alternative Google Analytics Opt Out (also for mobile devices)
By clicking the following link an opt-out cookie its stored on your device. This prevents Google  Analytics from collecting data within this website in the future. The opt-out only works in this  browser, and only for this domain. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you need to click on this link again.
Set Google Analytics opt-out cookie
How to enable or disable cookies on your browsers
You can block the acceptance of cookies by your navigation browser. However, this operation could make it less efficient or prevent access to some functions or pages of the Site. Below are the methods offered by the main browsers to block the acceptance of cookies:
Internet Explorer : https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/block-websites-storing-cookies-site-data-firefox
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en-GB
Safari: https://support.apple.com/it-it/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Other services from third party providers and social buttons
On our website we also use services of third-party providers (for example Google Maps, YouTube).  Should the mentioned providers use these personal data, this would in any event take place outside of the sphere of responsibility of the provider of this website.
These services always require your IP-address for the presentation of contents, because without the IP-address, the third-party providers would not be able to send contents to your browser. We are committed to use only contents from providers who use the IP-address exclusively to deliver  contents. However, we cannot influence it, if third-party providers save the IP-address for example for statistical purposes. Third-party providers can also send cookies to your web browser.
The “buttons” for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, YouTube, Pinterest and Instagram in the footer or  the side menu are no plugins of external pages but links. In this case only by clicking on them a link will be opened in a new window which then calls up the respective services. Only then a data  transmission takes place, like for example the transmission of information concerning the “opening page”.
Social networks provider to which the buttons refer are autonomous controllers of data processing. More information about the individual privacy policies of social network platforms and how to manage and deactivate their cookies can be found on social network platforms.
Contacts
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
(C) 2020 GREAT LENGTHS UNIVERSAL HAIR EXTENSIONS S.p.A. - All rights reserved - VAT IT06434421001
Company with certified managementsystem for ISO 900I, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001