http://www.stjohnsvancouver.org/privacy-statement
I'm New
About Us
Vision & Beliefs
Our Staff
Jobs
Ceremonies
Partnerships
Connect
Calendar
Events
Serve
Request Prayer
Ministries
Children & Family
Youth
Young Adults
Women
Men
Care
Community Groups
Catechism
Learners' Exchange
Refugee Outreach
Media
Bible Studies
Book List
Church Directory
Christ & Covid
CCQ
Services/Sermons
Current Series
Special Christmas Services
Join Online Services
Sermons & Series
Give
Contact
Privacy Statement
St. John's Vancouver Privacy StatementSt. John's Vancouver Anglican Church ("St. John's") is committed to respecting your privacy by adhering to the privacy principles set forth in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. Those principles are:Principle 1. AccountabilityAll St. John's staff are accountable for compliance with this policy, including the guiding principles.Principle 2. Identifying purposesSt. John's only collects personal information necessary to communicate with our members, attendees and prospective attendees.Principle 3. ConsentAll members, attendees and prospective attendees have the ability to consent to the use of their personal information.Principle 4. Limiting collectionThe St. John's website is available without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself, including your email address.Like any other website, our web server may collect the name, address, IP address and domain you used to access the website, the type and version of web browser and operating system you are using, and the number/duration/frequency of visits to our website. This anonymous information cannot be traced to a specific individual user, but is used simply to measure the number of visits, average time spent, page views, most popular preferences and other statistics, to determine the ways in which users prefer to use the website. We may use this data to monitor the website's performance for systems administration purposes, to improve the website, and to track statistics such as web traffic in aggregate form. In cases where the collection of personal information is necessary (i.e. filling out a form, requesting more information or contacting us), we will explain the purpose for collecting each piece of personal information. If it is necessary to use the personal information collected for a purpose not identified when the information was collected, consent for the new use will be obtained.Principle 5. Limiting use, disclosure and retentionSt. John's will use personal information only for the purpose for which it was collected, and will not disclose the information to other parties.All personal information provided to St. John's will be maintained in a secure manner to ensure that its use is limited to the purpose for which it was collected.Principle 6. AccuracySt. John's will take all reasonable measures to ensure accuracy of any personal information that we collect.Principle 7. SafeguardsSt. John's will assess and implement appropriate measures to properly protect personal data. These measures will be subject to independent audit, if necessary, to ensure their effectiveness.Principle 8. OpennessThis St. John's Privacy Statement will be available to any individual via our website. Questions regarding personal information may be directed to staff@sjvan.orgPrinciple 9. Individual accessOn request, individuals will be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of their personal information, and will be given access to view that information. An individual may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information, and have it corrected or amended as appropriate.Principle 10. Challenging complianceIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with St. John's, contact staff@sjvan.org or phone 604.558.4400.