http://www.thesommerians.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or send us an email.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience, to improve our website, to improve customer service, to process transactions, to administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature, to send periodic emails to you.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, traded, exchanged, transferred, or given to any person or company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering a purchased product or service you requested. We may release your information if it requested by law enforcement agencies with the proper documents, to enforce our site policies, to protect our rights and the rights of other site users.
To protect your information, we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information is not stored on our servers.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Main MenuHome
About Us
Our Goals
Main Beliefs
The Twelve Sins
Daily Life
Rituals
Festivals
Sommerian Principles
FAQ
Just For Today
Recent Posts
It’s Okay To Be Angry
6 Reason Why We Die
Mother Nature Never Judges
7 Reasons Why People Aren’t Kind
Is There A God?
PagesContact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
The Twelfth Sin Is Believing You Don’t Have A Choice.
You hear people say that all the time, “I don’t have a choice.” The truth is, we always have a choice. When we say we don’t have a choice, what we are really saying is that we don’t like any of the choices available to us. Never say you don’t have a choice, like you are a helpless victim who is not in control of your life. The more aware you are of the choices you have in each situation, the better you will get at choosing the ones that will take you where you want to go.