http://www.crossrhythms.co.uk/termsofuse/
LISTEN
WEBCAM
CHART
Latest Track: Here I Am
Artist: Eikon
home
radio
Cross Rhythms City Radio (Stoke) 101.8FM
Cross Rhythms Plymouth 96.3FM
Cross Rhythms Teesside 107.1 FM
Listen Again
Online Radio
Syndication
xRhythms
music
Artist Partnerships
Artist Profiles
Chart
Music Articles
Music News
Reviews
life
Key Quotes
Life Articles
Life Files
Prayer Rooms
training
Voluntary Opportunities
Work Experience
contact us
about us
Advertising
Contact Us
Cross Rhythms Board of Trustees
Cross Rhythms Founders
Directions
History and Vision
RSS Feeds
Site Map
donate
Location: Home › Terms of Use
Terms of Use
By using this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Cross Rhythm's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term "Cross Rhythms " or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 12 Castle Brooks, Framlingham, Suffolk, IP13 9SF. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
GENERAL
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
AUTOMATED CLIENTS
The use of an automated client (indexer or robot)
to access our site is only permissible if the collected content is used to provide archiving, caching or a service which allows a user to directly locate content on the Cross Rhythms website in its original form. The use of automated systems to create copies of our content for use in a context other than the Cross Rhythms website, is strictly prohibited unless prior permission has been given. This excludes the use of our XML / RSS feeds (see below).
REPRODUCTION OF CONTENT
All of the content on the Cross Rhythms website is either owned by Cross Rhythms, or is licensed to us by a third party.
If you are the subject of an article, news story or review published on our site, you may reproduce all or part of the content on your site, provided that you give a clear credit and hyperlink to Cross Rhythms.
Where the rights to content are not owned by Cross Rhythms (for example some press releases, photographs or contributed content) it is your responsibility to seek the relevant permissions from the copyright owner for use of that content.
Cross Rhythms always reserves the right to withdraw these permissions, either in full or on a site by site basis, at our own discretion.
COMMERCIAL USE
Prior permission and clearance is always required for the reproduction of our content on a website designed to produce revenue for its owners, such as an e-commerce site or e-zine.
To apply for permission, please e-mail admin@crossrhythms.co.uk
USE OF XML/RSS FEEDS & SYNDICATED CONTENT
You are free to use our XML feeds on your website, commercial or otherwise, provided that:
You do not change or obscure the content in any way
The links to Cross Rhythms website remain intact
A clear credit and link is given to the Cross Rhythms website
Cross Rhythms always reserves the right to withdraw permissions for the use and display of syndicated content, either in full or on a site by site basis.
More in Terms of Use..
Privacy Policy
BookmarkTell a friendPrint version
Privacy Policy
Connect with Cross Rhythms by signing up to our email mailing list
Artists & DJs A-Z
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#
Or keyword search
Live on the edge and shout what you believe in our Dedication Room
© Cross Rhythms 1983 - 2020
Over 30 years experience in Christian Music & Media |
Privacy |
Site Map |
Terms of Use |
Cross Rhythms is impacting youth and the wider community for good through FM
radio, training, contemporary Christian music and a globally
influential website.
Cross Rhythms is a UK registered charity no. 1069357