http://www.stjohns-cathedral.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
A Special Message from the Church
Following the directive of our governor, the Cathedral is closed to everyone except essential personnel. Check our Facebook page to join us remotely in worship, music, learning, and more.
The Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist
Search
Visit
Visit
Worship Times
Worship FAQs
St. John’s Java
Tour the Cathedral
Architecture
Stained Glass
Directions
Parking
Contact Us
About Us
About Us
Who We Are
Staff
Committees
Becoming a Member
Upcoming Events
Latest News
Chimes
Worship & Music
Worship & Music
Worship Times
Sermons
Music
Choirs
Concerts
Organ
The Carillon
Life Events
Baptisms
Weddings
Funerals
Cathedral Life
Cathedral Life
Grow
Adult Faith Formation
Families and Children's Ministries
Youth Ministries
Yoga in the Cathedral
Labyrinth
Gather
All-Church Events
Family Dance
Guilds
Care
Pastoral Care
Serve
Worship Ministries
Coffee Hour
Outreach
Outreach
Windfall Thrift Store
Family Promise Spokane
West Central Abbey
Meals on Wheels
Community Garden
Creation Care
Marsden Scholarship
Give
Give
Make a Gift Now
Pledge Your Support
Stewardship
Planned Giving
×
This privacy policy sets forth the privacy practices of The Cathedral of St John the Evangelist, Spokane (St. John’s Cathedral). This policy only applies to information we collect from visitors to our website: stjohns-cathedral.org. This policy does not apply to information collected by St. John’s Cathedral offline or through any other means.St. John’s Cathedral collects the personal information that you make available via our website, including first and last name, email address, phone number, other contact details, survey responses, payment information, and cookie data. We also collect some information automatically about your computer hardware and software, which can include IP address, browser type, domain name, access times, and referring website addresses.  The information that we automatically collect does not by itself identify specific individuals and is statistical data typically aggregated with other data to help us improve our website.  St. John’s Cathedral collects your information when you provide consent; for purposes which are required by law; and for the purposes of responding to requests by government, a court of law or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.St. John’s Cathedral uses your information where it is necessary to fulfill our legitimate interests, which include operating our website; providing information and services described on our website; communicating with you via newsletters to which you subscribe; fulfilling contracts made with you, in particular, facilitating and processing transactions; responding to your comments or questions; and informing you of areas of interest or services available.St. John’s Cathedral retains your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and to comply with legal obligations.  If you no longer want St. John’s Cathedral to use your personal information, you can request that we erase your personal information by contacting the Cathedral office; however, St. John’s Cathedral will retain information as is necessary for our legitimate business interests.  If you have questions about our privacy practices, please contact the Cathedral office.St. John’s Cathedral reserves the right to change our website and this privacy policy, at our discretion. When any change is made, a revised version will be posted here and will be effective as of the revised date.Some functions on our website are managed by third parties, which have their own data privacy policies. These functions include, but may not be limited to, donations. St. John’s Cathedral encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you link to from stjohns-cathedral.org so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.  St. John’s Cathedral is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites to which we provide a link.