https://www.pasadosafehaven.org/donor-privacy-policy/
Donor Privacy Policy
Pasado’s Safe Haven Donor Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the collection of information, including information collected on our website. By submitting your information to us, or any of our staff, you consent to the terms and conditions of the policy and to our processing personal information for the purposes stated below.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, Facebook account and email address. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided us. Here are some examples of ways in which we may collect your information.
When you request information via one of the email addresses identified on our website, or otherwise contact us in person, by phone, email, our Facebook page or website with a question. We may then collect your name, address and email in order to respond to that inquiry.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for a tour or an event.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you foster or adopt a resident of Pasado’s.
We may collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, over the phone or by mailing in a check.
The above list is an example of personal information that may be collected by Pasado’s. From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, or share your personal information, collected on the website or through any other business activities with anyone else.
We will not send you mailings on behalf of any other organization.
We will only share your personal information if you give us specific permission to do so for a particular reason.
We will collect payment information, billing address and other information necessary to process a donation, adoption, tour, or event registration.
We will use your information to comply with the law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights, or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of others.
We will use the personal information to protect against potential fraud. We may verify with third parties the information collected in the course of processing a gift, an adoption, a tour, an event registration or other donation. If you use a credit or debit card on the website, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us and that the card being used has not been reported lost or stolen.
You have the right to review information that we have collected about you. To review that information please contact us in writing at: Pasado’s Safe Haven, P.O. Box 171, Sultan, WA 98294, Attention: Administrator
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties. Further, Pasado’s will not sell or trade your personal information to any third parties.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will note the last update at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. For changes to this policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of your personally identifiable information, we will obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to your primary email address and home address specified in our records and by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Join Our Fight To End Animal Cruelty Our four comprehensive programs target animal cruelty at its source, but this work is only possible because of your support. Donate or get involved with our lifesaving work.
Donate
Get Involved
(360) 793-9393
Connect
Report Cruelty
Support
Donate
Volunteer
Foster
Info
Donor Privacy Policy
Audited Financials
Careers
Newsletter
Subscribe to the newsletter.
Subscribe