https://www.jewishnevada.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement applies to Jewish Nevada (AKA Jewish Federation of Las Vegas). Jewish Nevada respects and values the privacy of our visitors and donors. We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by Jewish Nevada, both online and offline, on any Platform (including the Jewish Nevada website as well as any electronic, written or oral communications). To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Technical Limits
Although Jewish Nevada will employ industry standard practices to protect your privacy, the technological limitations of internet data transmission make it impossible to guarantee that personal data will never be disclosed in ways not described in the Privacy Statement.
IP Addresses and “Cookies”
Like most websites, our server software gathers in log files and general demographic information from users of the website. This includes browser types, IP addresses and referring domains. We also use small bits of data called “cookies” stored on users’ computers to simulate a continuous connection. We use this information to help us understand our visitors’ needs and to improve our website. You can see and control cookies through settings in your browser. However, refusing to accept cookies may limit your ability to access certain portions of the website.
Sharing of Information
Jewish Nevada may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to: (a) protest the rights, safety or property of users of our website, the public, Jewish Nevada or our website suppliers; and (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements.
Notification of Changes
If Jewish Nevada changes its privacy practices, those changes will be posted on this page so that you are kept information of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of the information by Jewish Nevada as stated above. If you do not consent, please do not use this site. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to this privacy statement constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
Visitors from outside the United States
For those of you viewing this site from outside of the United States of America, please note that the information you enter may be transferred outside of your country. By using the website and providing us with your personal data, you consent to this transfer of your personal data and to the information usage described above. If you choose to access the website from outside of the USA, you take responsibility for compliance with applicable privacy laws of your country.