http://www.worldshipsociety.org/cookies-policy
We use a feature of your internet browser called a ‘cookie’ on this website. We do not use ‘cookies’ to retrieve personal information about you from your computer. We will only gain such information if you have knowingly and willingly provided such information to us.
Our Assurance
We value our customers and understand how important it is to treat the data we capture correctly. We consider this information a vital part of our business. We do not, nor will we ever sell, rent or loan any data to 3rd parties that identifies you without your consent.
Your Acknowledgement
We hope that after you have read our policy you will have sufficient details about the ‘cookies’ used on our website to be reassured that we use them responsibly.
By navigating around our website we will assume you are happy with ‘cookies’ being set by us to improve your experience on the site.
How do we use ‘Cookies’?
Our ‘cookies’ are used to store basic information, like your user identification. They do not store password or credit card information.
What is a Cookie?
A ‘cookie’ is a very small piece of information in the form of a text file placed on your computer hard drive by lots of the websites that you visit. ‘Cookies’ allow us to help you get the best out of your visit to the website and improve your user experience, for instance by remembering that you have visited before. They can also be used to make sure that the advertising you see is relevant to you.
For further information about ‘cookies’ please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
In this policy we have used the ‘cookie’ categorisation that has been defined by the International Chamber of Commerce (UK):
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Our ‘cookies’ are set to help support the structure of the pages that are displayed to you. These help the website to function and enhance the look and feel of the website. They also help to improve navigation around our website and allow you to return to pages you have previously visited. This type of ‘cookie’ only lasts for the duration of the time you are visiting the website. When you leave the website they are deleted automatically.
Performance Cookies
Our ‘cookies’ are used to provide aggregated statistics on visitors to our websites and their browsing behaviour. This enables us to order the site to make customers’ journeys easier, and if necessary make improvements. The data is aggregated and anonymised, which means we cannot identify you as an individual.
We use a number of tools to carry out analytical functions on our site including Google Analytics. You can view their privacy policy here http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
Functionality Cookies
We use ‘cookies’ to make accessing the website more convenient, so you don’t need to remember your username / email address. This information will allow us to personalise our website content to reflect your preferences.
Our ‘cookie’ will remain on your hard drive until you choose to clear it. If you choose to do this, you will need to enter your details each time you place an order on the site. It is possible for you to view our website without providing any personal information, but you will need to register your details so we can process any online order you may make.
Targeting Cookies
This refers to third party cookies and cookies used for advertising.
We do not utilise targeting cookies on this site.
Cookie Maintenance
You can set your browser to accept or reject all specific ‘cookies’. You can also set your browser to alert you each time a ‘cookie’ is presented to your computer. You can delete ‘cookies’ that have been stored on your computer but remember, if you prevent us from placing ‘cookies’ on your computer during your visit, or you subsequently delete a ‘cookie’ that has been placed, it will not be possible for you to use our website effectively.
By disabling your ‘cookies’ from the browser settings, you will be restricting the ‘cookies’ that we use to manage this website and this will have an impact on how the website will function. This will apply to all websites once ‘cookies’ are disabled via your browser settings and not only on this website.
If you would like to restrict or block ‘cookies’ that are set by us and other websites, you can do this through your web browser settings. We have provided links to instructions for how to do this for the most used web browsers below. For other web browsers, please use the Help function on your browser or consult your user manual for details on how to do this.
How to Change Your Cookie Settings by Browser
Firefox:
– How to change your cookie settings in Firefox
Internet Explorer:
– How to change your cookie settings in Internet Explorer 9+
– How to change your cookie settings in Internet Explorer 7 and 8
Google Chrome:
– How to change your cookie settings in Google Chrome
Safari:
– How to change your cookie settings in Safari (OS X)
– How to change your cookie settings in Safari (iOS)
Search
Recent Posts
WARSHIPS
No. 200
Arthur Clark of the Bristol Branch
WARSHIPS
No. 199
AGM CANCELLED
POSTPONEMENT – 42nd Annual WSS Naval Meeting – 6th June 2020
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
August 2020
March 2020
January 2020
October 2019
September 2019
April 2019
December 2018
August 2018
May 2018
January 2018
December 2017
October 2017
June 2017
August 2016
March 2013
Categories
News
Type and Press “enter” to Search