http://www.dragonshalloweenball.com/privacy-policy
About
Body Art
VIP Table Sponsorships
Tickets
Hotel Accommodations
Gallery
Rentals
Back
DHB Story
Dragons Ball Society
Privacy Policy Welcome to Dragons Ball Society’s website. We respect the privacy of your personal information and provide the following explanation of how we treat personal information that we collect and receive when you use our website.THE TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USEPersonal information is information about you that can be used to distinguish your identity, such as your address, email address, and phone number. We may collect personal information when you submit a message on our website or purchase a gift certificate or service on our website.If you purchase tickets through our website, you will be asked to provide certain personal information, including credit card information. The credit card information typically includes your credit card number and information necessary to conduct a credit card transaction for the services purchased on the website. The credit card information you provide is never stored on our server, but rather, sent for processing to our third-party service provider, Shopify. Shopify uses your credit card information only to process your transaction and is bound by contract to keep your credit card information confidential.In addition, we automatically gather general statistical information from your browser, including, but not limited to your IP address, cookie information, and the pages, files, and links you visit.THE WAY WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATIONWe do not sell or rent personally identifiable information collected during your use of our website. We may communicate with you to provide you with newsletters, promotional information, new product and service offerings, event and new online capabilities announcements, and to provide you with administrative notices, updates, changes, and improvements to our website. If you would like to opt out of receiving future communications from us, please email us at info@dragonshalloweenball.com.If you submit personally identifiable information, including photographs or text, to us, we will not post such information on the website without your permission. We may use any feedback you provide to us on the website for any purpose. We will not include your personally identifiable information with such feedback without your prior consent. Any information you post on our Facebook page is subject to the terms of Facebook’s privacy policy.GOOGLE ANALYTICSWe use Google Analytics to help us analyze how you use our website. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on activity on the website for us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some areas of our website may be limited. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. We use this information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our website’s content, layout, and services. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we will not provide personally identifiable information without your permission.SECURITYWe employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information. Whenever you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information online, for example, through email, that information can be collected and used by others. No data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secured. As a result, while we try to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.HOW YOU CAN UPDATE, CORRECT, OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATIONIf you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or would like to update, correct, or delete your personally identifiable information, please contact us at:Dragons Ball Societyinfo@dragonshalloweenball.comCHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.THIRD PARTY PRACTICESThe privacy policy of any advertiser, promotional service, or link to another website appearing on our website may differ from our Privacy Policy.  We encourage you to read that policy before responding to any advertising or promotional offer.