http://www.australianwedding.com/privacy-policy
Why Marry in Australia?
FAQs
Testimonials
Click here to Book your dream wedding today
Australian Dream Weddings - Privacy Policy Australian Dream Weddings specialises in assisting couples from all over the world, dreaming of a romantic, unique and beautiful wedding in Australia.
Home
About
Our Process - Planning Your Wedding
Our Guarantee
Travel & Wedding Agents
Destination & Themes
Sydney
Gold Coast
Cairns
Port Douglas
Recent Dream Weddings
Wedding Options
Photography
Contemporary Coffee Table Albums
DVD
Beauty, Hair & Make-up
Transport
Flowers & Bouquets
Cakes
Musicians
Blog
Contact
Why Marry in Australia?
Food and Wine
The People
Accommodation
The Experience
Value
FAQs
Testimonials
Provide Feedback
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy provides information on how Australian Dream Weddings manages personal information collected including personal information collected through this website.
Australian Dream Weddings realises the importance of ensuring that personal information held by the company is treated confidentially, and is committed to ensuring that all personal information is only collected, disclosed, used and stored in accordance with the National Privacy Principles set out under the Federal Privacy Act 1988.
What is 'personal information'?
'Personal Information' is information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database) whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained from the information or opinion.
Use and disclosure of personal information
Any personal information that we collect will only be used and disclosed for the purpose for which it has been provided to us.
Personal information may need to be disclosed to external service providers engaged by Australian Dream Weddings in order for those service providers to fulfil their service obligations to the firm. For example:
IT service providers who assist in managing Australian Dream Weddings's servers and networks may need to access client data in order to maintain the servers and networks
Where personal information is disclosed to an external party, Australian Dream Weddings will take steps to ensure that the external party treats such information confidentially and in accordance with the Federal Privacy Act 1988.
Email Communications
If you have registered through our website to receive email communications from us, we may use your contact details to send you newsletters, marketing emails or invitations to Australian Dream Weddings seminars or events which may be of interest to you. However, you may at any time opt out of receiving such materials by completing our Online Enquiry Form. Upon receiving such a request, Australian Dream Weddings will remove your contact details from our distribution lists.
Accessing and Correcting Personal Information
You may request us to provide you with access to personal information we hold about you. We will process all requests for access to personal information in accordance with the National Privacy Principles. In most cases, we will provide you with access to your personal information. However, we may refuse access in certain situations as listed in the National Privacy Principles. If we refuse to give you access, we will provide you with reasons for our refusal.
If any personal information we hold about you is not accurate, complete or up to date, please let us know and, in most cases, we will use all reasonable efforts to update the information.
Personal information security
Australian Dream Weddings is committed to keeping secure the data you provide to us and we will take all reasonable precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration.
Changes to our privacy policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to revise our privacy policy. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time without prior notice. We will notify you of the changes by posting an updated version of the policy on our website.
Planning Your Australian Wedding?
Contact Us
Our Happy Couples
Port Douglas Beach Wedding View Wedding...
Wedding Destinations
Sydney
Sydney Beach Wedding
Sydney Garden Wedding
Sydney Historic Manor Wedding
Sydney Church Wedding
Sydney Yacht Wedding
Sydney Harbour Bridge WeddingClimb
Gold Coast
Gold Coast Beach Wedding
Gold Coast Garden Wedding
Gold Coast Riverside Chapel
Cairns
Cairns Beach Wedding
Cairns Rainforest Wedding
Port Douglas
Port Douglas Beach Wedding
Port Douglas Church Wedding
Quick Links
Home
Why Marry in Australia?
About
FAQs
Destination & Themes
Recent Dream Weddings
Wedding Options
Booking Form
Blog
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© 2020 Australian Dream Weddings   Web Design by Pivotal Agency