https://www.liveabout.com/help-me-meet-and-make-gay-friends-1410813
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Manchan/Photodisc/Getty Images
Love and Romance
LGBTQ
Relationships
Sexuality
Divorce
Teens
Friendship
By
Ramon Johnson
Updated February 22, 2018
Some gay men find that they have trouble making friends with guys after they come out. Making new friends with women is easy, but when it comes to approaching a guy, it's close to impossible to start a conversation. Thus, it is not possible to meet new guys and even a possible relationship. What has gone wrong and how can you correct it?
First, there's nothing wrong with having a troop full of females. BFF's come in a variety of packages. If you have 'em, flaunt 'em. The problem is that chilling with the girls leaves little room to meet men. They keep you occupied, you keep them occupied. And, in all likelihood, none of you have a special man in your life.
What to Do About Fear
Here's the deal: I, too, have always had a fear of meeting gay men. Put me in a room full of women and I'll charm their pants off (not literally, but you get the point.) Surprisingly, I can even hang deep with the straight dudes. We can box, lift weights, get greasy working on cars, watch a college ball game. All I need is some wings and a beer and I'm in frat heaven.
Now, place me in a room full of gays and I lock up like a transmission without fluid. I've thought about this extensively. What is it with me and the gay dudes?
Then it hit me like a home run: My girls don't judge me, they encourage me (well, except for that one hater). My straight guys are easy to get along with because all they talk about are girls (which I know about since that's who I hang with) and dumb straight boy stuff (which I find mildly entertaining). But, the gays are the gays. A room full of 'mos is like a tank full of potential dates, husbands, and friends. Set aside the fact that, despite our sexuality, we're all men and men like to mark their territory (be that another man or just the room in general), so there is a lot of funky energy going on.
Finding Gay Social Events
Enter a gay social event and some are cruising, some boozin', others schmoozing. It's like a free for all. I lock up because I like to know what to expect. And, in a room full of gays it's difficult to know what's going to happen (or not happen). Inevitably, I clam and revert to my introverted half.
Fret not, we are not lost causes here. It takes practice. If your comfort lies with the girls, that's why you have no problem being in the Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants. But, if it makes you uncomfortable you should probably try it on. It is through this discomfort that our brains are trained into comfort. By actively seeking out the discomfort, the anxiety and tension lessen and eventually, the action becomes comfortable. Get it?So, get those girls of yours to go out to the gay bar with you or to a social event at the LGBT Center or to the PG-13 bookstore or Bed, Bath & Beyond. This time, instead of focusing on them, make it a point to start a conversation or flirt a little with at least one boy. It's going to be extremely uncomfortable and your crew will probably giggle, but eventually, you'll strike gay gold and meet someone cool.
Why You Should Go Out Alone to Meet Other Gay Men
Learn How to Flirt With Gay Men
10 Things You Can Do To Pick Up More Gay Men
Homophobia in Music
The Best Dating Sites for Gay Men
How Can I Get Over My Straight Crush?
The Best Places To Find Gay Men
Tips for Gay College Students
Five Types of Straight Crushes
Eight Signs You Might Be a Lesbian
How To Meet a Boyfriend
Can You Really Let Your Daddy Issues Go?
What's the Easiest Way to Make Friends?
Ask the Love Lady
A Guide To Coming Out Of The Closet
Coming Out Gay in Middle School