http://www.helpingpatients.org/
Worried About Affording Your Medicine? MAT is Here to Help.
You have enough to worry about right now. Figuring out how to pay for your prescriptions shouldn’t be another stressor. For decades, PhRMA has been committed to advocating for policies that help patients access the medicines they need, but today, America’s biopharmaceutical companies are individually expanding their programs to help more patients during these uncertain times. MAT, the Medicine Assistance Tool, matches patients like you with resources and cost-sharing programs that may help lower your out-of-pocket costs, whether or not you have insurance.
PhRMA’s Medicine Assistance Tool (MAT) is a search engine designed to help patients, caregivers and health care providers learn more about the resources available through the various biopharmaceutical industry programs. MAT is not its own patient assistance program, but rather a search engine for many of the patient assistance resources that the biopharmaceutical industry offers.
Worried About Affording Your Medicine? MAT is Here to Help.
I am a
Please select the option that best describes you
Patient
Loved One
Health Care Professional
and I am searching for Personalized Assistance Resources.
Continue
Not ready to start? Scroll down to see how the site works or browse all resources.
Click here to learn more about the cost of prescription medicines.
Personal information will never be saved or shared pursuant of the privacy policy and terms of use.
MAT.org privacy policy
3 steps to finding medication assistance
1Step 1Enter the medications you need help accessing.
2Step 2Enter your information to see resources that may be available based on the information you provide.
3Step 3Review the results of your search.
Get Started Now
Explore by resource type
Medicine Cost InformationManufacturer provided cost information on your specific medicines
Health Insurance ResourcesInsights and info on getting insurance coverage for your medicines
MedicareGuidance on how Medicare covers prescription medicines
MedicaidMedicaid and CHIP Information specific to your state
Health Insurance MarketplacesHelp for getting affordable insurance from health insurance marketplace
GlossaryExplanations of common health insurance terms and jargon
Who We AreWho's PhRMA and why we created the Medicine Assistance Tool (MAT)
FAQsAnswers to common questions about MAT and prescription assistance
About MAT.org
PhRMA’s Medicine Assistance Tool (MAT) is a search engine designed to help patients, caregivers and health care providers learn more about the resources available through the various biopharmaceutical industry programs. MAT is not its own patient assistance program, but rather a search engine for many of the patient assistance resources that the biopharmaceutical industry offers.
Learn More