http://www.sfgsl.org/privacy
Sign Up
Log In
·
Feedback
Registration
General Information
FAQ
Free Agents
Manager's Checklist
Add/Drop
Player Ratings
Schedule & Standings
Fields
Events
Team Events
Tournaments around the country
Switch Hitters Ball
Sponsors & Volunteer
Volunteer Opportunities
Team Volunteer Deposit
About
Contact Us
Board Members
NAGAAA / ASANA
Hall of Fame
In Memoriam
Tournaments
Donate
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.Account Profile PagesThe only Account Profile details that will be available to logged in users when viewing your profile page are Preferred Positions, Playing Experience, Highest Level Played, and About Me. Private information such as your email address, mailing address, any contact numbers, and date of birth will be hidden from all members except SFGSL Board Members.
Payment Processing SecurityAll payment processing is done by Authorize.net, a trusted online merchant. Our site is hosted by LeagueApps.com who host hundreds of sports leagues around the country. HTTPS is used when entering our payment gateway. If you are making a transaction online, you should make sure that it is done over HTTPS so that the data remains secure.You can tell when a page is using HTTPS in two ways:
There will be a lock icon in the browser window pane (usually at the bottom).
The URL will say "https://"
LEAGUE SPONSORS:
VIEW TEAM SPONSORS
584 Castro Street PMB 835, San Francisco, CA 94114-2594
San Francisco Gay Softball League is a 501(c)3 non-profit corporation.Our Federal Tax ID # is 94-2957851.
© 2016 San Francisco Gay Softball League | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
League management software by LeagueApps.
Send Your Feedback
To
League Organizer
Name *
Email *
Message