https://www.sissonlawoffice.com/privacy-policy
(405) 447-2521
Debt Relief Solutions
Personal Bankruptcy
Foreclosure Defense
Bankruptcy Litigation & Appeals
Federal Consumer Protection
Student Loan Resolution
Small Business Bankruptcy
Resources
Free Guide: Bankruptcy Myths Debunked
Free Guide: Does It Make Sense to File for Bankruptcy?
Quiz: Is Bankruptcy the Solution for You?
Blog
Videos
About
Our Team
Leadership
B. David Sisson | Attorney
LeAnna L. Sisson | Paralegal
Reviews
GET A FREE CASE EVALUATION
PRIVACY POLICY
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use https://www.sissonlawoffice.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
https://www.sissonlawoffice.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers’, consumers’, and online visitors’ privacy on our website.
Personal Information
https://www.sissonlawoffice.com collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name, and telephone number.
This information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, sign-up to join our email list, or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the site’s pages, or register with any of our site’s services, a cookie enables https://www.sissonlawoffice.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.
We may serve third party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web site to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. No personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information on our web site.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions should not cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If https://www.sissonlawoffice.com is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our website and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please use our Contact Us https://www.sissonlawoffice.com page.
Updates and Effective Date
https://www.sissonlawoffice.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to The Law Offices of B David Sisson’s Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
If you would like to receive a complimentary copy of our newsletter each month, please enter your email address in the box below and click submit.
Newsletter Signup
Sign up for our free monthly newsletter to receive information concerning bankruptcy and its impacts delivered straight to your inbox!
FREE RESOURCE
Bankruptcy Betterment: A Guide to the Types of People and Entities Which Can Benefit from a Bankruptcy
Get started.
Trying to recover from significant financial setbacks on your own can be overwhelming, and in many cases, impossible. Don’t continue living with the stress and anxiety, there is help available.
Address:
Law Offices of B David Sisson 305 E Comanche St.Norman, OK 73069
Contact Us:
Phone: (405) 447-2521Fax: (405) 447-2552Monday-Thursday 9:00 AM-5:00 PM and Friday 10:00 AM-5:00 PM
Email:
info@sissonlawoffice.com
Website:
www.sissonlawoffice.com
Law Offices of B. David Sisson305 E Comanche St.Norman, OK 73069(405) 447-2521www.sissonlawoffice.com
Debt Relief
Personal Bankruptcy
Foreclosure Defense
Bankruptcy Litigation & Appeals
Federal Consumer Protection
Small Business Bankruptcy
Student Loan Resolution
Resources
Video
Blog
Free Resource
Newsletter
News
Links
Home
About Us
Testimonials
Nav Map
Contact
© 2020 Law Offices of B David Sisson.
Privacy Policy | Disclaimer