https://www.receptionhalls.com/privacy
Venues by State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
DC
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Guides
Starting Your Banquet Hall Search |
5 Important Things To Consider
ReceptionHalls.com Privacy Notice
Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Use of Cookies
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
Legal Requests
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your
privacy we provide this notice explaining our online
information practices and the choices you can make about the
way your information is collected and used. To make this
notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage
and at every point where personally identifiable information
may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or
submitted on the ReceptionHalls.com website. From your My
Reception page and the reception hall listings, you can send
requests for information that enable you to contact the
reception hall directly. We never collect any payment
or credit information. The types of personal information
collected at these pages are:
Name
Email address
Phone number
Reception Information (preferred date, number of guests,
estimated budget)
On some pages, you can submit information about other
people. For example, if you send your favorites to a friend,
family member or business associate, you will need to submit
the recipient's email address. We do not store this
informtion. In this circumstance, the types of personal
information collected are:
Friend's Name
Friend's Email Address
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself and your
reception only to complete information requests that are
sent directly to the designated reception hall. We do not
share this information with outside parties.
We use the information you provide about someone else only
to send the email message and setup the guest page for them
to view links to your favorites. They remain completely
anonymous and we do not share this information with outside
parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we
receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose
and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to gain
access to the many research and planning features available
in the My Reception page. Information you submit on our
website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill
out the registration form. After registration, your personal
information is never sent to any reception hall unless you
choose to send a request to them. The information sent is
the same information they would have to collect from you
over the phone or in person.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better
design our website. For example, we may measure how many
people use a specific feature on the site to make that page
more easily accessible. We never disclose anything that
could be used to identify any individual user of
ReceptionHalls.com.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable
information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the
ones described above without also providing you an
opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated
uses.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are tiny files stored in a special location on your
hard drive designated by your Internet Browser Software.
Cookies enable web sites to securely store bits of
information. We only use cookies to temporarily save
information such as the search criteria you selected and
current reception information. This information enables us
to display the information most relevant to you and prevents
you from having to retype your search criteria when you
perform a new search. Once you leave the ReceptionHalls.com
or close your browser, this information is destroyed. If you
choose to have your username and password saved so you don't
have to remember it, we use a cookie that will expire after
6 months.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and
ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place
appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures
to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially
important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain
information at our website from those we actually know are
under 13, and no part of our website is designed to attract
anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Modify Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information
that we collect online and maintain by using the
My Account link that is available on the top-right
portion of the page. This feature is only available once you
have logged-in using your username and password. We use this
procedure to better safeguard your information.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take
reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting
access or making modifications.
Legal Requests
ReceptionHalls.com cooperates with all law enforcement
inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws,
such as: intellectual property rights, fraud, theft,
harassment and other rights. We can (and you authorize us
to) disclose any information about you if we believe in good
faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with
relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served
on us; (b) protect or defend the rights or property of
ReceptionHalls.com or third parties; or (c) assist in any
investigation.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these
privacy policies, please
contact us.