http://www.tonysteuer.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Get Access to the free Get Ready Toolkit
Toolkit Login
Privacy Policy
Modification Date: September 27, 2018
Effective Date: September 27, 2018
PARTICULAR AREAS OF THE WORLD NOW REQUIRE DIFFERENT PRIVACY DISCLOSURES. PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE POLICY TO MAKE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND OUR PRACTICES FULLY.
If you are located in the EU this policy explains what personal data we collect from you.
PERSONAL DATA IS INFORMATION THAT CAN BE USED TO IDENTIFY YOU SUCH AS YOUR NAME, IP ADDRESS AND EMAIL ADDRESS.
As a business, we collect personal data from you in a number of ways including:
1. Opt-In To Email List: Your name and email address.
2. Submitting Questions: Your name, email address, and question.
WHAT IS THE PURPOS OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We collect the information above for the following purposes:
1. Opt-In To Email Newsletter: To provide you with the GET READY! Newsletter with the latest on Financial Preparedness News.
2. Submitting Questions: To answer questions you might have for us.
WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS DO WE HAVE FOR COLLECTING AND PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION?
Websites must have a legal basis for collecting information from individuals located in the European Union. Our legal basis for each of the ways we collect information from you is as follows:
1. Opt-In To Email Newsletter: We will ask for your consent first.
2. Submitting Questions: We have an allowed legitimate interest in providing a response to your questions and need to use your data to do so. We will not use the data for other purposes.
Please note where consent forms the basis, you can withdraw consent at any time by contacting Tony Steuer or opting out of any email message using the “unsubscribe” link.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO THE DATA WE COLLECT?
We process and access to the data we collect from you. However, we use third parties to assist us with processing your personal data including the following categories of recipients:
Customer service communication platform
Contest and survey platform
Email communication manager
Website management services
Website design and programming services
These third parties have signed contract with us in which they are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any purpose other than we dictate.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
This site uses cookies and similar technologies to track particular aspects of you and other people who visit us.
This tracking is done to provide us with information on how people move about the site, what is of interest to them and what is not, how our marketing is performing, and incidental items such as what percentage of users access the site from a personal computer versus a mobile phone.
You may block most cookies by adjusting your browser settings as well as responding to the cookie consent notice that appears when you visit this site. To learn more about this technology, please visit our Cookie Policy.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We keep your personal data for different periods of time depending on the reason it was gathered in the first place:
1. Opt-In To Email Newsletter: As long as you have an active subscription to the email newsletter.  For those who unsubscribe from the newsletter – up to 12 months .
2. Submitting Questions: Five years.
If a legal claim arises involving your data, we will store and disclose that data until the matter has resolved.
YOUR RIGHT TO ASK FOR CORRECTIONS, ERASURE AND EXPORT OF YOUR DATA
You have the right to control your personal data. Specifically, you have the following rights:
The right to be informed: We are informing you now with this policy.
The right of access: We’ll provide you with the data we have about you.
The right to rectification: Request we fix incorrect data about you.
The right to erasure: Request we erase certain data about you.
The right to restrict processing: Ask us to restrict certain type of processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability: Ask us to provide your personal data we have for export.
The right to object: Object to how we use your data.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling: We don’t profile you, but keep in mind you have this right with other sites.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact Tony Steuer at tonysteuer.com with your request.
YOUR RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
Although this is mentioned above, we want to emphasize that wherever we’ve asked for your consent to collect or process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you receive email messages from us, you can use the “unsubscribe” link in each message to withdraw consent and stop the mailings. Alternatively, you can contact Tony Steuer at tony@tonysteuer.com with your request.
DO WE TRANSFER YOUR DATA TO THRID COUNTRIES?
No. We are located in the United States. Your data is collected and held here.
PRIVACY CONCERNS, CONTACTING US, COMPLAINTS
You can contact Tony Steuer at bill@billstilwell.com with your request with any questions or requests you have about these policies or your personal data. If, after contacting us, you feel a privacy issue has not be resolved, you have the right to file a complaint with a Supervisory Authority such as the Data Protection Commissioner of Ireland.
DATA CONTROLLER
Representative: Tony Steuer
Tony Steuer
326 Ansel Avenue
Alameda, CA 94501
For Those Located In California
You can also send correspondence by traditional mail to Tony Steuer, 326 Ansel Avenue, Alameda, CA 94501.
Do Not Track Signals
Pursuant to the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we hereby disclose that we do not currently honor “do not track” signals issued by browsers or other third party sources.
CALIFORNIA ERASER LAW
If you are an individual under 18 and have provided personal information or content to us in some manner, you have the right to request the deletion of that information pursuant to the “California Eraser Law.” Contact us to make such a request at tony@tonysteuer.com.
FOR ALL THOSE REGARDLESS OF LOCATION
Privacy Policy Modifications and Updates
We may update and modify this Privacy Policy at any time. In doing so, we will post a notice on the site 30 days before the change goes into effect and forward an email message to you should we have an email address for you.
Legal Disclosures of Personal Information
We may process, store, and disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the site.
DMCA Disclosures
We comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998. As part of the compliance process, we may be required to disclose whatever information we have for you to a copyright holder who has submitted a complaint to us.
Public Comments
You may leave comments on forum posts. Please remember that any information you provide is not private. The information can be viewed by anyone online including family, friends, the media, investigators, and potential employers conducting background checks.
Third Party Websites
We link to other sites, but please keep in mind that we do not control the privacy policies of those sites. Make sure to review the policies of any such sites before providing your personal information.
Sale of Business
Should we sell this site or our business, your personal information will be an asset transferred to the new owner.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Quick LinksHome
News
Podcast
Topics
Standards
Books
Partner
About
Contact
Search for:
Financial Preparedness Key Resources
GET READY! Tables & Worksheets Unclaimed Property Search
Are You Ready? (Financial Preparedness Assessment Assessment)
Start Your Own Get Ready Financial Preparedness Club
Glossary
Financial Advisor Designations
Optimal Insurance Deductible Calculator
Get Ready! PodcastTony Steuer | Expert Money Planner Tip
Get Access to the free Get Ready Toolkit
Receive instant access to this free library of 100+ worksheets, other resources and weekly updates on how to be prepared for any financial emergency.