http://www.thebrianboru.ie/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
HOMEFOODFUNCTION ROOMSDRINKS MENUFUNERAL RECEPTIONSMUSICLIVE SPORTSOUR HISTORYCONTACT
Search for:
facebookinstagramtwitter
Cookie Policydeclan2018-11-17T22:20:07+00:00
Cookie Policy
Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the Owner in providing the service according to the purposes described. Some of the purposes for which the Cookies are installed may also require the User’s consent.
TECHNICAL COOKIES AND COOKIES SERVING AGGREGATED STATISTICAL PURPOSES
Activity strictly necessary for the functioning of the service
This Application uses Cookies to save the User’s session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of the same, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.
Activity regarding the saving of preferences, optimization, and statistics
This Application uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize the User’s browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for example, those to set the language and the currency or for the management of first party statistics employed directly by the Owner of the site.
OTHER TYPES OF COOKIES OR THIRD-PARTY TOOLS THAT MIGHT USE THEM
Some of the services listed below collect statistics in aggregated form and may not require the consent of the User or may be managed directly by the Owner – depending on how they are described – without the help of third parties.
If any third party operated services are listed among the tools below, these may be used to track Users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without the Owner’s knowledge. Please refer to the privacy policy of the listed services for detailed information.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Tag Manager (Google Inc.)
Google Tag Manager is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.)
Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on this Application. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties
This type of service allows Users to interact with data collection platforms or other services directly from the pages of this Application for the purpose of saving and reusing data.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
MailChimp widget (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
The MailChimp widget is a service for interacting with the MailChimp email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC. Personal Data collected: Cookies, email address and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics for Display Advertising is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
AdWords Remarketing (Google Inc.)
AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Application, potentially containing Users’ Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Traffic optimization and distribution
This type of service allows this Application to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between this Application and the User’s browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information User are transferred.
CloudFlare (Cloudflare)
CloudFlare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by CloudFlare Inc.
The way CloudFlare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through this Application, i.e., communication between this Application and the User’s browser, while also allowing analytical data from this Application to be collected. Personal Data collected: Cookies and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
HOW CAN I MANAGE THE INSTALLATION OF COOKIES?
In addition to what is specified in this document, the User can manage preferences for Cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing them. Through the browser preferences, it is also possible to delete Cookies installed in the past, including the Cookies that might possibly have saved the consent for the installation of Cookies by this website. It is important to note that by disabling all Cookies, the functioning of this site may be compromised. Users can find information about how to manage Cookies in their browser at the following addresses: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Windows Explorer.
In the case of services provided by third parties, Users can exercise their right to withdraw from the tracking activity by utilizing the information provided in the third party’s privacy policy, by clicking the opt-out link – if provided – or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding the above, the Owner informs that Users may take advantage of: Your Online Choices. This service allows Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of this resource in addition to the information provided in this document.
DATA CONTROLLER AND OWNER
The Brian Boru Pub,
5 Prospect Road
Glasnevin,  Dublin 9
Ireland
Owner contact email: info@thebrianboru.ie
Since the installation of third party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within this Application cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, consult the privacy policy for the respective third party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity linked to the identification of technologies based on Cookies and their very close integration with the operation of the web, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies themselves and any possible use of them – for example, by a third party – carried out through this site.
DEFINITIONS AND LEGAL REFERENCES
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Latest update: November 17th, 2018
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok