https://www.askalana.com/privacy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
About
Contact
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyWho we are
Our website address is: https://www.askalana.com/
Contact Information
Contact
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Information submitted through the contact forms on our site are sent to our company email, hosted by Gmail. Google adheres to the EU “Privacy Shield” policy and you can find more information about this here.
While we keep these submissions for customer service purposes they are never used for marketing purposes or shared with third parties.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
WordPress specific:
WordPress & Jetpack – See the Automattic Privacy Policy
Google Analytics cookies – These are set for monitoring and tracking visitors’ behavior on the site.
Wordfence – See the Wordfence and GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics. Please see the “Cookies” section.
Who we share your data with
We don’t share your data with third-parties in a way as to reveal any of your personal information like email, name, etc. However, some data is transferred and/or stored with third-party services we use, like cloud-based services and payment processors. This is done as a way to provide you with a better overall service and user experience.
Here are the services we use to make our own service better for you:
PayPal – we use PayPal as one of our payment processors. During checkout, a client will provide login information and credit card info. This information is processed directly within this gateway payment and we do not save it on our sites.
Stripe – we use Stripe as one of our payment processors. During checkout, a client will provide credit card info. These are all stored in the Stripe site.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Who can see my personal information
If you are not a registered client on our site, there is no personal information we have or can see about you.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Data Protection
How we protect your data
We protect customer data with the following site features:
We are entirely using SSL/HTTPS throughout all our sites. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization.
Databases are sanitized (actual user personal details are removed) before deploying to development or testing environment.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In case of a data breach, System administrators will immediately go through affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed after informing the user.
Like this:Like Loading...Primary SidebarSubscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Subscribe
Search
Search the site ...
Categories
Abundance (7)
Alana Insights (6)
Angels & Spirit Guides (6)
Audio Programs (5)
Awareness & Meditation (9)
Balance (5)
Beliefs (10)
Books (36)
Career & Life Purpose (47)
Community & Activism (9)
Decision Making (11)
Developing Intuition (21)
Dreams (3)
Earth Changes (11)
Film (2)
Goddesses & Fairies (30)
Health & Wellness (17)
Weight Loss (3)
Manifestation (17)
Music (2)
Past Lives (6)
Relationships (94)
Children (4)
Conflict Resolution (18)
Departed Loved Ones (14)
Pets & Animals (2)
Sexuality (3)
Self Expression (3)
Series (165)
The Authentic Self Series (17)
The Guide to the Other Side Series (17)
The Numerology Personal Year Series (9)
The Seven Sacred Steps Series (69)
The Soulmate Connections Series (35)
The Spirituality Series (18)
Spirituality & Transformation (14)
Stories (34)
Trust (7)
Recent Comments
Brooklyn Parman on Mystic CrossIsil on Increasing Life Force Energy Through Gratefulnessinviteroftruth on Part 9: Do our Spirit Guides sometimes take human form?Kirk VandenBerghe on Good Fairies Bad Fairies, and Every Color of the RainbowGenevieve Ebbott on Good Fairies Bad Fairies, and Every Color of the Rainbow
Tag Cloud
authentic self
awareness
body mind spirit relationship
building intuition
consciousness
creative healing
creative visualization
creativity
Developing Intuition
discovering your authentic self
emotional healing
essence of intention
expanding consciousness
finding-your-soulmate
finding motivation
finding purpose
five senses
healling negativity
heart listening
heart mind balance
identifying-personal-values
inner voice
inspiration
intuition
intuition training course
intuitive healing
intuitive listening
life changes
life purpose
living in the present
loving-relationships
non-negotiable values
numerology personal year cycles
power-of-self-love
power of intention
relationship advice
self-awareness
self-love-exercise
self love
soulmate-connections
soulmate-relationships
spiritual guidance
spiritual guide
transform your life
trusting your heart
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Footer
Recent Posts
How to Overcome The Undervalued Self: Guide for Balancing Insecurities
The Seven Sacred Steps Table of Contents
Internet’s Role in Planet Changes
Dealing with Blame: How to Manage Anger
Recovery from Substance Addiction
Recent Comments
Brooklyn Parman on Mystic CrossIsil on Increasing Life Force Energy Through Gratefulnessinviteroftruth on Part 9: Do our Spirit Guides sometimes take human form?Kirk VandenBerghe on Good Fairies Bad Fairies, and Every Color of the RainbowGenevieve Ebbott on Good Fairies Bad Fairies, and Every Color of the Rainbow
Categories
Abundance
Alana Insights
Angels & Spirit Guides
Audio Programs
Awareness & Meditation
Balance
Beliefs
Books
Career & Life Purpose
Children
Community & Activism
Conflict Resolution
Decision Making
Departed Loved Ones
Developing Intuition
Dreams
Earth Changes
Film
Goddesses & Fairies
Health & Wellness
Manifestation
Music
Past Lives
Pets & Animals
Relationships
Self Expression
Series
Sexuality
Spirituality & Transformation
Stories
The Authentic Self Series
The Guide to the Other Side Series
The Numerology Personal Year Series
The Seven Sacred Steps Series
The Soulmate Connections Series
The Spirituality Series
Trust
Weight Loss
%d bloggers like this: