http://www.wri.org/our-work/top-outcome/wri-helps-set-paris-agreement-motion
Skip to main content
Making Big Ideas Happen™
Donate to WRI
Donate
Other Sites
WRI Brasil
WRI China
WRI India
WRI Indonesia
WRI Mexico
Resource Watch
WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities
CAIT – WRI’s climate data explorer
Greenhouse Gas Protocol
Global Forest Watch
Cities4Forests
Climate Watch
PREPData
LandMark
The Access Initiative
Menu
What We DoTopicsClimate
Energy
Food
Forests
Gender
Sustainable Cities
Water
Business
Economics
Finance
Governance
Project Directory
Top Outcomes
SDGs
Our Approach
Support our Work
Where We WorkAfrica
Brazil
China
Europe
India
Indonesia
Mexico
United States
More...
PublicationsCongressional Testimony
WRI Publications
World Resources Report
Maps & DataData Platforms
Data Library
Presentations
Videos
Data Lab
BlogCommentaries
Podcasts
News
EventsAll WRI Events
AboutMission & Goals
Strategic Plan
Managing for Results
Experts & Staff
Board of Directors
Annual Reports
Recognized Donors
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Sustainability at WRI
Open Data Commitment
Ways to Give
CareersInternships
Contact
Privacy Policy
Procurement Opportunities
Topics
Climate
Energy
Food
Forests
Water
Cities
Ocean
Search
Search
Business
Economics
Finance
Governance
You are hereHome > What We Do > Topics > WRI Helps Set Paris Agreement in Motion
WRI Helps Set Paris Agreement in Motion
Negotiators at COP24 in Katowice, Poland adopted a robust Paris Rulebook to set the agreement in motion. Photo by UNclimatechange/Flickr
WRI expert analysis and recommendations on how to put the Paris Agreement on climate change into action informed the so-called Paris Rulebook adopted at COP24 in Katowice, Poland. Together with WRI research and outreach to help mobilize climate finance and increase ambition on climate commitments by 2020, this work informed the Katowice Package that set the Paris Agreement in motion.
The Challenge
When 195 countries adopted the landmark Paris Agreement on climate change in 2015, they agreed to accept a detailed framework – the Paris Rulebook — to activate the agreement by 2018. The Rulebook is critical to taking Paris from idea to action, including guidelines for countries to track and report on their climate commitments, mobilize finance and increase ambition. All three components—robust rules, increased finance and strengthened action—are critical to avoiding catastrophic climate change.
WRI’s Role
WRI played an essential role in ensuring that COP24 addressed all three elements. Since 2015, WRI has collaborated with partners in developing and developed countries to conduct targeted research that informed stakeholders on these three key issues. Our analysis offered valuable insights to negotiators, civil society and the media, helping to bolster the chances of reaching a strong outcome in Katowice.
On the Paris Rulebook, WRI convened experts, negotiators, policymakers and other stakeholders through the Project for Advancing Climate Transparency to develop proposals for robust rules on transparency and accountability. In Making Finance Consistent with Climate Goals, WRI and partners offered ways to put financial elements of the Paris Agreement into practice. On ambition, WRI analysis identified options for countries to enhance their climate commitments while improving lives and boosting economic growth, drawing on the research of the WRI-led New Climate Economy. As an implementing partner for the NDC Partnership and through other initiatives, WRI helped countries track their progress and identify opportunities to increase the ambition of their climate commitments. WRI also helped launch the Step Up for Climate Action campaign for increased ambition and coordinated civil society strategy contribution to the Talanoa Dialogue, the 2018 stocktaking process.
The Outcome
COP24 delegates agreed on a Katowice Package that outlined the rules needed to bring the Paris Agreement fully to life, as well as making progress on climate ambition and finance informed by WRI’s proposals and recommendations. This package lays a foundation for countries to implement their climate plans and step up their commitments by 2020, increasing the likelihood that countries can get on a pathway to achieving the Paris Agreement goal of limiting warming to 1.5 degrees C (2.7 degrees F).
Our Work
Topics
Project Directory
Top Outcomes
SDGs
Our Approach
Support our Work
Stay Connected
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS
Get our latest commentary, upcoming events, publications, maps, and data. Sign up for the weekly WRI Digest.
Sign Up
Leave this field blank
Donate to WRI
Donate
Get Involved
For corporations
For individuals
Follow WRI
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
RSS