https://www.childcomwales.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Return to home
About Us
Coronavirus – Our Work
Get Advice
About Us
The Commissioner
Recruitment
Advisory Panels
Our work on equality
Our Work
Coronavirus – Our Work
Investigations and Advice
Current Work
News
Policy Positions
Mental Health
Health-related Advocacy
Curriculum Reform
Bullying
Equal Protection
Home Education
Adverse Childhood Experiences
Childcare
ALN Code of Practice Consultation Response
Bullying
A Children’s Rights Approach
Rights in the new curriculum
Child Poverty
Cyberbullying
Nationwide survey of children in Wales
Sally’s Blog
Publications
Our Schemes
Super Ambassadors
Special Mission
Events
FAQs
Student Ambassadors
Events
Rights Mission
Community
Resources
Coronavirus – Information Hub for Families and Children
For Children and Young People
For Primary Teachers
For Secondary Teachers
For Accessible Teaching
Foundation Phase
Right of the Month
Professionals working with young people
Students/Professional Training
Training resources for teachers
A Children’s Rights Approach
Make a Difference – A young person’s guide to taking action
Rights
Summary of UNCRC articles
UNCRC Articles – Full Text
Symbols Resource
Parents’ guide
Scouts & Guides: Rights Challenge
UNCRC Reporting
Contact Us
Contact Us
Press Contacts
Email the Commissioner
Make a complaint
Whistleblowing
Search for:
Accessibility Options:
View site as simple layout (Disable CSS)
View site as default layout (Enable CSS)
View text:
Small
Medium
Large
English
Cymraeg
For the purposes of these Terms & Conditions, ‘You/Your’ means the data subject, ‘We/Us/Our’ means Children’s Commissioner for Wales (CCfW).
As a professional organisation, we take into account the privacy of all individuals that engage with our website. For further information, see the CCfW privacy policy.
CCfW may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these terms regularly. Your continued use of www.childcomwales.org.uk will be deemed acceptance of the update or amended terms.
This is the Children’s Commissioner for Wales’ official website. Copyright © Children’s Commissioner for Wales: all rights are reserved. All elements of this website belongs wholly to the Children’s Commissioner for Wales. No part of this website may be reproduced without the prior written permission from the Children’s Commissioner for Wales, unless it is for personal and non-commercial use. You are allowed to download materials for the purposes of raising awareness of the Children’s Commissioner for Wales and children’s rights. Any inappropriate alterations of materials or any other improper use of assets found on this website are strictly prohibited and a violation of the Children’s Commissioner for Wales’ proprietary rights.
We reserve the right to immediately suspend your access to this site if you commit a breach of there Terms & Conditions.
The Children’s Commissioner for Wales shall not be responsible for any damage that may occur to your software or hardware, nor liable for any loss or damage that may arise from the use of any information contained within this website.
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England & Wales.
For more information about our Terms and Conditions, please contact CCfW:
By email: post@childcomwales.org.uk
By post: Children’s Commissioner for Wales, Oystermouth House, Charter Court, Phoenix Way, Llansamlet, Swansea SA7 9FS
By phone: 01792 765600
See also...
About Us
Our Work
Publications
Our Schemes
Resources
Rights
Contact Us
Socials links
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
We use cookies on our website to improve user experience. For full details please see our Privacy Policy. Click ALLOW if you’re happy for us to do this. You can also choose to disable all optional cookies by clicking DISABLE.
Allow
Disable
Cookie Settings