http://www.becrystal.com/pages/shipping-and-privacy-policy
Checkout
Cart (0)
My Account
Tweet
Clear Lasers
Disintegrators
High Extractors
Medium Extractors
Baby Extractors
Boosters Activators
Knives
MCKS Stars
Prosperity 2020
Pendulum
GOLD Lasers
Customer Service
Our mission: To work for your complete satisfaction.
We really know that you’ll love the crystals we are offering to you. If for any reason you do not like the product, please do not hesitate to contact us: sales@becrystal.com,
Call us: +1 646 480 0176
Or send a letter to CRYSTALS ENLIGHTENMENT INC9201 COLLINS AVE #524 Miami,FL 33154 USA
RETURN POLICY
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO RETURN YOUR PURCHASE IN THE NEXT 15 DAYS. We do not refund you. You'll have the total amount you paid as a credit with us to choose another Becrystal.com product. Your credit will remain with us during one year. RISK FREE.
SHIPPING AND PRIVACY POLICY
Becrystal.com can ship to virtually any address in the world.
We do charge your credit card, check or money transfer when we receive your signed order.
We can confirm the price of every item of your order.
Sales tax is charged only on orders sent within the State of Florida , USA .
You may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches your country. Additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be.
Becrystal.com and Crystals Enlightenment INC. respect your privacy. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy.
We protect the personal information you share with us.
We do not accept orders from people under the age of 18.
We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or e-mail address.
Please send any questions or comments on our shipping and privacy practices or if you are not satisfied with our response to carloscosta@becrystal.com
SECURITY POLICY
WE ARE A SECURE WEB SITE
SHOPPING WITH US IS SAFE
Crystals Enlightenment INC. and Becrystal.com Safe Shopping Guarantee protect you while you shop at Becrystal.com, so that you never have to worry about credit card safety.
We guarantee that every transaction you make at Becrystal.com will be safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure online commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Still don't want to use your credit card on the Internet? No problem. Just fill out our order form online. Enter only your card's last four digits and its expiration date. Once you have fully submitted your order, you will be prompted with a phone number that you can use to call in the rest of your card number.
Newsletter
Social
Footer
Our Address
Customer service
Search
FAQ
Our Adddress
642 NW 5th Ave #B404 Miami, FL33136, USACall us: +1 786 290 1386
Copyright © 2017 Becrystal. Powered by Becrystal.com.