http://www.foodbanknwi.org/privacypolicy
Updated February 19, 2020
Food Bank of Northwest Indiana believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from our supporters through all of our communication channels, as well as from visitors to our website. The protection of your privacy is important to us; this privacy policy is meant to communicate Food Bank of Northwest Indiana’s practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that you provide to us and that can be linked to specific individuals, such as a name, postal address, telephone number (s) email address, or any other information, provided to us by our supporters and website visitors (hereinafter “Personal Information”), as well as certain non-personally identifiable information collected when you visit many of our web pages, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your internet service provider, aggregate data about the number of visits to the Site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited. In order to better protect your privacy, we have provided this notice explaining these online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on this Site.
This policy will be updated periodically, so please be sure to reread it from time to time. By submitting your personal information to us, you are agreeing that Food Bank of Northwest Indiana may use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Food Bank of Northwest Indiana is committed to respecting the privacy of online visitors and pledges its best efforts to that end. In general, you can visit the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana website without telling us who you are or revealing anything about yourself.
Our web server automatically recognizes each visitor’s domain name, but does not automatically collect personally identifiable information. There are times, however, such as when you make a donation or register for our mailing list, that we will collect specific information. We may use such voluntarily provided information to improve our understanding of your interests or to improve our services. If you choose to provide personally identifiable data, you may receive future information from us, by mail or electronically – advising you of upcoming Food Bank of Northwest Indiana events, services or volunteer opportunities.
Food Bank of Northwest Indiana does not share, sell, or rent any personal information collected through our website.
Google Analytics
Food Bank of Northwest Indiana uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) which allows us to provide our web visitors with a more customized experience and increases the effectiveness and productivity of our site and our electronic communications capacity. Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files places on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site, including specific pathways and matching users of the site to individuals within the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana’s donor and other databases, as well as matching users across different computer and mobile devices. The Non-Personal Information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers in the United States.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors.  However, outside of the Google Analytics platform, Food Bank of Northwest Indiana may use unique IDs to link Personal Information to Google Analytics data. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
Ownership
All content and materials on the Site including, without limitation, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software included in the Site and any services offered on the Site, are the property of the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana, its sponsors or business affiliates, and/or their respective licensors, and are subject to US and international Intellectual Property Rights laws. Except to the minimum extent otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying or exploitation of material from the Site is permitted except expressly in accordance with these Terms or with the express written permission of the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana and any other applicable copyright owner. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by virtue of downloading copyrighted material from the Site. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved to the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana.
User Submissions
Food Bank of Northwest Indiana welcomes your comments and participation on its site.  However, you acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, stories, photos, videos, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information, the information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Food Bank of Northwest Indiana.  By submission of any information to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation.
As a user of this site, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting.  Therefore, do not impersonate another person and do not transmit material to us that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; do not send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you won them or have the permission of the owner; do not send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; do not send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; and do not send sexually explicit images, advertising or solicitations of business, or chain letters.
You represent and warrant that any information and/or material you post or provide to Food Bank of Northwest Indiana through any medium is truthful, accurate, not misleading, not confidential property of others, and not in violation of any other third party’s rights.  Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that all submissions will become the property of Food Bank of Northwest Indiana and that Food Bank of Northwest Indiana has the right to publish or republish the submission for any type of use including for promotional and advertising purposes without compensation to you of any kind.  Should your submission include third party materials, you grant, represent and warrant that you, as well as the owner of such content, have expressly granted Food Bank of Northwest Indiana a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide exclusive license to use the submission in any manner, media or form now known or hereafter developed.  Food Bank of Northwest Indiana shall have the right to sublicense its rights.
Security
This Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. The security measures used on this site include, but are not limited to, industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, firewalls, and internal policies to maintain the security of stored data. While we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Note to Parents
We appreciate when young people visit our website to learn more about our organization and food insecurity across our region. Food Bank of Northwest Indiana does not knowingly gather data from children under the age of 13 and does not knowingly market to children under the age of 13.
Credit Card Information
The Food Bank of Northwest Indiana has contracted the services of a banking partner to process credit card donations submitted online. Our banking partner’s secured server encrypts your credit card information so that it may be safely transmitted over the web. Your credit card information will not be released to any other party by the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana.
External Links
In order to provide a more comprehensive and useful site, this website contains links to other external websites. Links to other websites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials at this site. Food Bank of Northwest Indiana is not responsible for the materials contained at any website linked to this site. If you visit the websites of any of our partners, please consult their privacy policy.  Our privacy policies and terms of use apply only to your use of the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana site and direct interactions with Food Bank of Northwest Indiana.
Opt-Out/Contact Food Bank of Northwest Indiana
You may choose not to receive such information and/or to allow the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana to use your information in the manner described above. If you wish to opt-out of receiving future communication or review personal information and request corrections, please contact the Food Bank of Northwest Indiana directly by email (info@foodbanknwi.org) or phone (219.980.1777). Upon receipt and processing of an “opt out” request, the Food Bank will, within its commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future marketing communications.
Food Bank of Northwest Indiana
6490 Broadway, Merrillville, IN 46410
phone   | 219.980.1777
fax       | 219.525.4043
email    | info@foodbanknwi.org
Contact Usaddress | 6490 Broadway, Merrillville, IN 46410
phone | 219.980.1777
fax | 219.535.4043
email | info@foodbanknwi.org
Media Contact
Site Map
Home
About
Programs
Get Help
Events
Audited Financial Statements
Form 990
Privacy Policy