http://www.two.cc/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement for Two.cc
Two.cc
has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
Two.cc
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to
administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used for other purposes.
We use your information to track where and how effective our advertising
works. We also track where and what sites you came from to get a better
understanding of how we can better promote our site
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly.
We also use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter
it each time you visit our site, and for other purposes. We have some programs
that use cookies to identify you as a past user of our site which helps
you get through some of our areas quicker without having to re-login.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our site and other
sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Advertisers
We often use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may
contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies
received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not
have access to this information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your
visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
External Links
This site contains links to other websites outside of Two.cc. Two.cc
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
We are affiliated with sponsors that have services
that benefit you and offer you a unique service that we cannot give you.
Contests and other programs we use will ask for your personal information and that information
is basically used to inform you of updates of the programs you signed up
for. An example would be , if you signed up to win a contest on our site
that is sponsored by our advertiser, they will use your personal information
to email you updates, notify you as a winner, and let you know more information
about the contest or future contests or happenings. If you do not want to receive emails
from these sponsors, then you should not enter the contest or participate
in the contest or service. The personal information that you may give when
signing up for these services will include name, address, email address, phone number,
date of birth, age and sex. They need this information because by law you
need to be an adult of at least 18, or 21 in some cases to qualify. They
also want to email you updates as you have shown interest in this particular
service and you might find this information they send you valuable. We
are not responsible for what other affiliates or sponsors of our site send you or email
you. Please read each affiliates own privacy statement to get a better
idea of what they may do with your personal information. All contests that we may use on this site
should only be used by adult persons who are 18 years of age or older.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution
when deciding to disclose your personal information. Adults 18 years or older should
only use message boards on this web site.
Children's Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs.
Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will not accept a childs application for any entry into any of our services.
Our site has no nudity, profanity, violence, or other graphic natured material
that is deemed unappropriate for children.
The term Free listed on our website is a free service to buyers, but let it be known that we expect to receive compensation
from the listing side of the contract from the Listing Broker's commission on a referral basis. These fees are not the responsibility
of a Buyer and therefor our services to buyers for finding them a property that suits their needs, is free. Buyers must
also know that there are closing costs and fees and other fees involved with procuring loans if needed to purchase property. These
fees are the responisbility of the buyer and are seperate from our services.
If you plan on listing a property with and through this website using this service, there are fees involved and these fees are based
on each case seperately between the seller and the Listing Broker.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any other questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
flippstermn@yahoo.com
Go back to our Main directory.