https://www.bestattorney.com/privacy-policy.html
(800) 561-4887
En Español
Home
About Us
Lawyers
John BisnarFounding Partner
Brian ChaseSenior Partner
Scott RitsemaPartner
H. Gavin LongPartner
Jerusalem BeliganLawyer
Steven HilstLawyer
Tom AntunovichLawyer
Ian SilversLawyer
Krist BiakanjaLawyer
Shannon BarkerAdministrator
About Bisnar Chase
Why Hire Us?
Press Releases
Giving Back
Read Our Blog
Attorneys
Practice Areas
Practice Areas
Car Accidents
Truck Accident
Bicycle Accidents
Auto Defects
Dog Bite Injury
Premises Liability
Wrongful Death
Class Action
Employment Law
Defective Products
Brain Injury
Accident Help Guide
No Fee Guarantee
See All Practice Areas
Results
Results
Case Results
Client Reviews
Resources
Resources
Helpful Resources
Frequently asked Questions
Car Accident Statistics
Books by Bisnar Chase
Attorney Referrals
Locations
Office Locations
Orange County
Los Angeles
Riverside
San Bernardino
Other Service Areas
Contact
Contact Us
Orange County Office
Los Angeles Office
Riverside Office
San Bernardino Office
Covid-19 CLaims
CALL US TODAY
And Ask For Your Free Consultation
Request Your Free Consultation
Our team is standing by to help. Call us at (800) 561-4887 or complete this
form to schedule a free consultation with us.
Submitting this form does not create an attorney-client relationship.
Click for Your FREE Case Review
Click for Your FREE Case Review
BestAttorney.com Privacy Policy
Home
Your privacy matters to us. We promise to respect and guard your private information. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you the information we collect, how that information may be
used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services. By using our
website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Cookie Compliance
This website uses cookies to create a secure and useful experience. By continuing to use this website you are agreeing to the usage of cookies. If you do not agree, you can disable them in your
browser.
Disable in Chrome -
Disable in Firefox -
Disable in IE
What Personally Identifying Information Does BestAttorney.com Collect?
The level of information BestAttorney.com collects depends on the level of your use. If you sign up to be a free subscriber of our newsletter, you are required to enter your name and email
address.
If you request a case evaluation, book or organizer, we collect your name, email address, physical address and phone number. BestAttorney.com uses collected information for the following:
products and services provision, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
BestAttorney.com does not share your email address or other personally identifying information with any third parties, except our service providers, such as our email processing company. These
service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
What Tracking Information Does BestAttorney.com Collect?
Our server logs automatically collect information, such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users' movements around our
site and understand trends. We also use standard Internet tools, such as third-party web analytics from Google, to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website.
How We Store Our Data
BestAttorney.com uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology. The technical processing and transmission
of the service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks, and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. We
take appropriate physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
When We Will Disclose Our Data
BestAttorney.com may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas, warrants, other valid legal processes, or when your actions
violate the Terms of Service. In addition, BestAttorney.com may disclose certain information to our service providers, such as email processors, performing services on our behalf. These service
providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. It may be necessary to share
information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, including without limitation, fraud, situations involving potential threats to the
physical safety of any person, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Email Contact
BestAttorney.com does not share your email information with third parties, except our service providers, such as email processors, performing services on our behalf. These service providers may
have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
If you sign up for a newsletter, book, organizer or case evaluation, we collect your email address. We may occasionally use this email to contact you for site-related issues. If you do not want
us to contact you, you may contact us and we will remove you promptly from our database. BestAttorney.com complies with the Federal Can-Spam Act (15 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.).
We need your help in discovering illegal or inappropriate email conduct perpetrated by impostors. In the event that you receive an email that you feel is spam and it appears to be sent by or
affiliated with BestAttorney.com, please forward the email to inquiry [at] bestattorney.com.
Visiting Our Website From Outside the U.S.
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting our website from outside the United States, please be
aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other
laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is
protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those service providers with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy.
Was This Page Helpful? Yes | No
Please let us know why this page was not helpful:
Did Not Answer My Questions
The Page Content Was Not What I Was Expecting
Too Much Information On The Page
Too Little Information On The Page
Page Content Was Too Complicated
How Can We Make This Page Better? (Note: If you have any questions, please provide your email if you want us to respond to you)
Email: (optional):
Submit
Personal Injury Attorneys
If you or a loved one have suffered from any personal injuries as a result of someone else’s negligence, know your rights and contact an attorney today.
Top Case Results
1$117,500,000Consumer Class Action2$38,650,000Motorcycle Accident3$30,000,000Motorcycle Accident4$24,744,764+Seatback Failure Auto Defect5$16,444,904Bicycle Accident6$14,443,205Auto Defect7$11,000,000Motor Vehicle Accident8$11,000,000Facility Negligence9$10,500,000Auto Defect10$10,050,000Auto Defect / Seatback
ALL CASE RESULTS
Videos
Do I Owe Money If My Case Is Lost?
Client Reviews of Bisnar Chase“BISNAR | CHASE did a great job in representing me. Jerusalem Beligan and the entire staff impressed me every step of the way. From the moment I walked through the door I knew I was going to be taken care of, and I was.”by Gloria C.reviewed at Yelp on December 22nd, 2010
(5/5)“We received an email from A.G. Edwards stating they have received the settlement check from Nissan. Once again, I cannot begin to articulate our gratitude to the Bisnar Chase staff - we are so very thankful for all you have done for Josh. As parents, Charlotte and I can rest in peace, when that day comes, knowing that Josh's needs have been taken care of, and his financial future is in good hands with sound financial planners at A.G. Edwards.
On December 17, 2003 we received a call from the paramedics stating that Josh and Lisa had been in a severe accident, and we needed to meet them at the emergency room. I remember telling God that I can deal with missing limbs because they can be replaced, but please do not take him from us. A month later we met with members of your staff for the first time, Josh had a traumatic brain injury and his future was looking pretty bleak; we had no idea where he would be eighteen months later. All we could think of at the time was that our son's future, his goals, and dreams had been taken from him so abruptly.
As time passed, Josh continued to improve and he began his journey of recovery. Many have been involved in this process, and you and your staff have been an integral part of Josh's recovery, and we will be forever grateful. God has brought so many people into our lives, and we are so very blessed. Numerous emails were sent to Personal Injury Attorney's. John...you were on a ski trip at Big Bear with your family, and you were the only Personal Injury Attorney to respond - I believe this was divine intervention. Josh has a professor from Mt. San Jacinto College who has taken him "under his wing," and is showing him other career possibilities.
John, the future looks good for Josh - thank you!”by K N.reviewed at Yelp on September 17th, 2009
(5/5)“I knew Bisnar Chase would help me. Your law firm is excellent and makes me wish I could work there!”by Cynthiareviewed at Super Pages
(5/5)
News From Our Blog
10Dec
Candles Sold at Dollar Tree Stores Recalled for Fire and Burn Hazards
09Dec
Tesla Recalls Model X and Y Vehicles for Manufacturing Defects
09Dec
Kia Recalling Nearly 295,000 Vehicles Due to Engine Fire Risk
09Dec
Study Finds Vaping Increases the Risk of Lung Disease by More than 40%
See All Ratings And Awards
Have a question that wasn't answered here?
Call Us!
(800) 561-4887
Fill Out Our
Contact Form