http://www.uvto.com/privacy-policy
Request Info
805-241-3300
Privacy Policy
1/1/2020
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW HEALTH INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU MAY OBTAIN ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Your privacy is a high priority for us and it will be treated with the highest degree of confidentiality. This Notice applies to all information and records related to your care that we have received or created. This Notice informs you about the possible uses and disclosures of your protected health information. It also describes your rights and obligations regarding your protected health information.
In order for us to be able to provide you with the best service and care, we need to receive protected health information from you. However, we want to emphasize that we are committed to maintaining the privacy of this information in accordance with state and federal laws.
We are required by law to:
Maintain the privacy of your protected health information;
Provide to you this detailed Notice of our legal duties and privacy practices relating to your protected health information; and
Abide by the terms of the Notice that is currently in effect. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Notice and make the new Notice provisions effective for all protected health information that the Community maintains.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
This “Privacy Policy – California Consumers“ applies only to California consumers (“you” or collectively as “consumers”) and supplements the Privacy Policy of University Village Thousand Oaks CCRC LLC. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This Privacy Policy describes your rights under the CCPA and explains how you may exercise your rights.
View our California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) policy here.
PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
While receiving care from the Community, information regarding your healthcare history, treatment, and payment for your health care may be originated and/or received by us. State and federal laws protect information that can be used to identify you and which relates to your health care or your payment for health care. This is your protected health information.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
We collect protected information about you to help us provide the best service, assistance and care, provide billing services and to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. The type of information the Community may receive from you varies according to the assistance and care that you may need.
If we become aware that an item of your protected health information may be materially inaccurate, we will make a reasonable effort to verify its accuracy and correct any error as appropriate.
USING AND DISCLOSING YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION GATHERED FROM DIGITAL SOURCES
Digital Media. The Community respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with the following policy. This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website (http://www.UVTO.com) or via email, text or other electronic messages between you and the Community.
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your only recourse is not to use our website. However, you do have the option to opt-out of some tracking (see: “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”).
By accessing or using the website, you agree to this privacy policy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It. We collect several types of information from and about users of our website, including information:
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your age, gender and interests; how you came to the website (e.g., search engine, third-party website, media campaign or email); and the pages and features of the website you use.
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address or telephone number (“personal information”).
About your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website, and your location.
We collect this information:
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include IP addresses and information collected through cookies, Web beacons and other tracking technologies (see: “Usage Details, IP Addresses and Cookies and Other Technologies”).
Directly from you when you provide it to us (see: “Information You Provide to Us”).
Usage Details, IP Addresses, and Cookies and Other Technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our website, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not identify any individual. It helps us improve our website and deliver better and more personalized future services by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Analyze and develop the Community’s sales and marketing strategy, determine how visitors find the Community and its website, the user’s interest regarding the Community’s services, and how to improve the Community’s website.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our website.
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or that you provide to us. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
COOKIES (OR BROWSER COOKIES)
Cookies are a technology of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
FLASH COOKIES
Certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.”
WEB BEACONS
Pages of our website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count specific visitors who have visited certain pages or opened and clicked an email. The information we collect from these beacons is sent to our marketing automation and email marketing service called Act-On (www.act-on.com).
Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect on or through our website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes, but is not limited to, information provided when you submit a request for information or to be contacted by the Community; a request for materials from the Community (e.g., DVDs, white papers and brochures); registering for an event; or subscribing to email communication.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
How We Use Your Information. The Community and/or its agents use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
For marketing purposes.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We never sell your personal information.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information. We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal info1mation you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
This website uses Google Analytics to track website activity and visitor behavior. If you want to opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics, you may use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Google Analytics also collects data about visits to the website via the DoubleClick cookie and Floodlight tags. This information is being used to provide demographic and interest data about visitors to the website and to target online display advertisements on third-party websites. Using Google’s Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Promotional Offers from the Community. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own services, you can follow the link to unsubscribe from mailing lists at the bottom of email communication; send an email to marketingreception@UVTO.com stating your request; or call (800) 852-4384 and ask to be removed from marketing lists. This opt-out does not apply to information provided to the Community as a result of entering into a residence agreement, providing health records or other transaction.
SECURITY STANDARDS
We continue to assess new technology to evaluate our ability to provide additional protection for your protected health information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with state and federal standards to guard your protected health information.
It is our duty to warn you that sending the Community information regarding your healthcare history, treatment, or payment for your health care electronically (via text or email) that is not encrypted may have some level of risk of compromise. If you prefer to receive unencrypted messages, you have the right to receive them in that manner.
If you initiate communication with the Community using unencrypted email or text, the Community assumes, unless explicitly stated otherwise, that this form of email communication and subsequent risk is acceptable to you.
USING AND DISCLOSING YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION FOR TREATMENT, PAYMENT AND HEALTH CARE OPERATIONS
We have described the uses and disclosures below and provide examples of the types of uses and disclosures we may make in each of these categories.
For Treatment. We will use and disclose your protected health information in providing you with treatment and services. We may disclose your protected health information to Community and non-Community personnel who also may be involved in your care, including, but not limited to, physicians, nurses, nurse aides, and physical therapists.
Our workforce has access to such information on a need to know basis. For example, a nurse caring for you will report any change in your condition to your physician. Your physician may need to know the medications you are taking before prescribing additional medications. It may be necessary for the physician to inform the nurses or staff of the medications you are taking so they can administer the medications and monitor any possible side effects. In addition, we may contact you to provide appointment reminders or information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services, which may be of interest to you.
We may also disclose protected health information to individuals who will be involved in your care after you leave the Community. Anyone who has access to protected health information is required to protect it and keep it confidential.
For Payment. We may use and disclose your protected health information so that we can bill and receive payment for the treatment and services you receive at the Community. Bills requesting payment will usually include information which identifies you, your diagnosis and any procedures performed or supplies used. For billing and payment purposes, we may disclose your protected health information to your legal representative, an insurance company, Medicare, Medicaid or another third party payer. For example, we may contact Medicare or your health plan to confirm your coverage or to request prior approval for a proposed treatment or service.
For Health Care Operations. We may use and disclose your protected health information for Community operations. These uses and disclosures are necessary to monitor the health status of Residents, manage the Community and monitor the quality of our care. For example, we may use protected health information to evaluate our Community’s services, including the performance of our staff. In addition, we may release your protected health information to another individual or covered entity for quality assessment and improvement activities or for review of or evaluation of health care professionals.
Health Care Operations may also include the use of information for quality assurance, training, accreditation, medical review, auditing and business planning.
USING AND DISCLOSING PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION FOR OTHER SPECIFIC PURPOSES
Community Activities and Information. The Community will maintain directories, billboards, newsletters, websites, and other media for sharing community information, activities, events, and the like. This may include information such as your (i) name, (ii) likeness, (iii) participation in specific events and activities, and/or (iv) residence and phone extension. Please note that the community directory is not provided to outside parties wishing to advertise to residents, but we may release contact infonnation to individuals who ask for you by name. You are not obligated to consent to the inclusion of your information and may restrict or prohibit these uses and disclosures by notifying the Community in writing of your preferences.
Community Culture. The culture of our Community includes informing Residents and staff of changes in your health status to maintain our sense of “community.” You may restrict or prohibit these uses and disclosures by notifying the Community in writing.
Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your Care. Unless you object, we may disclose your protected health information to a family member, a close personal friend, your legal representative and any clergy, who are involved in your care to the extent necessary for them to participate in your care. You may restrict or prohibit these uses and disclosures by notifying the Community in writing of your restriction or prohibition.
Emergencies. In the event of an emergency or your incapacity, we will do what is consistent with your known preference (if any), and what we determine to be in your best interest. We will inform you of uses or disclosures of protected health information under such circumstances and give you an opportunity to object as soon as practicable.
Disaster Relief. We may disclose your protected health information to an organization assisting in a disaster relief effort.
As Required By Law. We will disclose your protected health information when required by law to do so.
Public Health Activities. We may disclose your protected health information for public health activities. These activities may include, for example:
reporting for preventing or controlling disease, injury or disability; reporting deaths;
reporting abuse or neglect of a dependent adult;
reporting reactions to medications or problems with products;
notifying a person who may have been exposed to a communicable disease or may otherwise be at risk of contracting or spreading a disease or condition; or
Disclosing for certain purposes involving workplace illness or injuries.
Reporting Victims of Abuse, Neglect or Domestic Violence. We may use or disclose protected health information to protective services or social services agency or other similar government authorities, if we reasonably believe you have been the victim of abuse, neglect or domestic violence.
Health Oversight Activities. We may disclose your protected health information to a health oversight agency for oversight activities authorized by law. These may include, for example, audits, investigations, inspections and licensure actions, judicial/administrative proceedings to which you are not a party, or other legal proceedings. In most cases, the oversight activity will be for the purpose of overseeing the care rendered by the Community or the Community’s compliance with certain laws and regulations. The Community does not control or define what information is needed by the health oversight agencies.
Judicial and Administrative Proceedings. We may disclose your personal health information in response to a court or administrative order. We may also disclose information in response to a subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful legal process; efforts will be made to contact you regarding the request or to obtain an order or agreement protecting the information.
Law Enforcement. We may also release your Protected Health Information to law enforcement official for the following purposes:
Pursuant to a court order, warrant, subpoena/summons or administrative request;
Identifying or locating a suspect, fugitive, material witness or missing person;
Regarding a crime victim, but only if the victim consents or the victim is unable to consent due to incapacity and the information is needed to determine if a crime has occurred, non-disclosure would significantly hinder the investigation, and disclosure is in the victim’s best interest;
Regarding a decedent, to alert law enforcement that the individual’s death was caused by suspected criminal conduct; or
For reporting suspected criminal activity.
Coroner, Medical Examiners, Funeral Homes. We may release your personal health information to a coroner, medical examiner, and funeral director.
Organ Donation. We may release information to an organization involved in the donation of organs if you are an organ donor.
Research. Your protected health information may be used for research purposes if it has been de-identified. In most other instances where your protected health information is used or disclosed for research purposes your authorization will be needed unless the Institutional Review Board or a Privacy Board has stated your authorization is not necessary.
MORE STRINGENT LAWS
Some of your protected health information may be subject to other laws and regulations and provided greater protection than outlined in this Notice. For instance, HIV/AIDS, substance abuse, mental health and genetic information are often given greater protection. In the event your protected health information is afforded greater protection under federal or state law, we will comply with the applicable law.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights regarding your protected health information at the Community:
The right to receive notice of our policies and procedures used to protect your protected health information;
The right to request that certain uses and disclosures of your protected health information be restricted;
The right to restrict disclosure to a health plan of your information where you have paid the full out of pocket costs for the health care item or services rendered;
The right to access to your protected health information;
The right to request that your protected health information be amended;
The right to obtain an accounting of certain disclosures by us of your protected health information for the past six years;
The right to revoke any prior authorizations for use or disclosure of protected health information, except to the extent that the Community has already acted on your authorization;
The right to request the method by which your protected health information is communicated;
The right to receive notification of any breach of your unsecured protected health information; and
The right to receive your protected health information electronically.
OUR RIGHTS
We have the right not to agree to your requested restrictions on the use or disclosure of yo ur personal health information. If we do agree to accept your requested restrictions, we will comply with your request except as needed to provide you with emergency treatment.
We have the right to deny your request to inspect or receive copies of your protected health information in certain circumstances.
We have the right to deny your request for amendment of protected health information if it was not created by us, if it is not part of your personal health information maintained by us, if it is not part of the information to which you have a right of access, or if it is already accurate and complete, as determined by us.
We have the right to assume you understand the risks of initiating unencrypted electronic communications with the Community if you have received this notice.
AUTHORIZATION
Uses and disclosures of your protected health information not allowed by law under our Notice of Privacy Practices will only be made with your written authorization. You can revoke the authorization as described in your written authorization. If you revoke your authorization, we will no longer use or disclose your protected health information for the purposes covered by the authorization, except where we have already relied on the authorization. Below are a couple of examples when authorizations will be required.
Marketing. Your protected health information will not be provided to third-party marketers without an authorization. We will not sell your information to others for use and marketing purposes without your specific authorization.
Psychotherapy Notes. In the event psychotherapy notes are maintained as part of your protected health information, those notes will not be used or disclosed without your authorization, except in limited circumstances.
COMPLAINTS
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a written complaint with the Executive Director who serves as our Privacy Officer. They can be reached at (805) 214-3000 or you may send an email to them at zitsmanr@uvto.com. The Privacy Officer will review and respond to you in a timely manner. At any time, you may contact the Office of Civil Rights in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Office of Civil Rights
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 90 7th Street, Suite 4-100
San Francisco, CA 94103 Phone (800) 368-1019 Fax (202) 619-3818
Email: ocrmail@hhs.gov
https://www.hhs.gov/ocr/about-us/contact-us/index.html
You will not be retaliated against for filing a complaint.
CHANGE TO THIS NOTICE
We will promptly revise this Notice whenever there is a material change to the permitted uses or disclosures, your individual rights, our legal duties or other privacy practices stated in this Notice. We reserve the right to change this Notice and to make the revised or new Notice provisions effective for all protected health information already received and maintained by the Community as well as for all protected health information we receive in the future. We will post a copy of the current Notice in the Community. In addition, you may obtain a current Notice of Privacy Practices at any time from Administration.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Notice or would like further information concerning your privacy rights, please contact:
Dmitry Estrin, Executive Director
University Village
(805) 241-3000
Stay in the Loop
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Enter Email
Confirm Email
Subscribe to our newsletter!
Yes, I would like news, updates, and information from University Village Thousand Oaks.
X
Send Me an Info Packet
Name*
First
Last
Phone*Email*
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Yes, I would like future updates!
Address*
Street Address
Address Line 2
City
State / Province / Region
ZIP / Postal Code
Please send me:*
Site Plan
Building Plans
Floor Plans (1 and 2 bedrooms)
Floor Plans (3 and 4 bedrooms)
Clubhouse Building Plans
Expenses and Fee Charts
X
RSVP to Info Session: A Live Webinar with Brad Breeding
Name*
First
Last
PhoneEmail
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Yes, I would like future updates!
X
X
RSVP to Info Session: A Live Webinar with Brad Breeding
Name*
First
Last
PhoneEmail
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Yes, I would like future updates!
X