http://www.patriotresource.com/gladiator/privacy.html
Patriot Resource Index
Gladiator Index
Privacy
Statement
Site
Map
Site
News
Cast
Characters
Crew
Deleted
Scenes
Fact
or Fiction
History
Insights
Related
Films & TV
Resources
Search the Site
Site Map
Contact Us
PatriotResource.com:
Main Index
Film Index
Film: Gladiator
Film: National Treasure
Film: The Patriot
Film: Tombstone
Films: General
Films: Fantasy
Films: SciFi
History: 1775-1781
History: September 11th
Lord of the Rings
NORAM Road Trips
OtherWorld: Index
TV Series: Index
TV: Battlestar Galactica
TV: Caprica
TV: Deadliest Catch
TV: Lost
TV Series: Action
TV Series: Animated
TV: BBC Presentations
TV Series: Comedy
TV Series: Drama
TV: Fantasy/SciFi
TV Series: Western
TV Series: Reviews
Hmm, you are using a very old browser. Click here to go directly to included content.
Disclosures:
Money is earned on this site through:
Advertising partnerships
Affiliate commissions
PatriotResource.com participates in affiliate programs, including (but not limited to) Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn commissions by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Privacy Policy:
Data is collected on this site in the following ways:
Information Collected Automatically via Technology
To make our Site more useful to you, we may automatically collect information from you as you browse our Site, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, referring URL, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
We also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. You may make choices about cookies as described below under opt-out options.
Third Party Data Collection
Third parties that provide us with analytics or other services for the Site may also automatically collect some of the information described above, including, for example, IP address, access times, browser type and language, pages and products viewed, device type, device identifiers, and Wi-Fi information. Please consult individual applications’ or products’ privacy policies for more information on data collection, use, and sharing.
Other third parties, including advertisers, ad measurement services, and ad networks, may also automatically collect information about you through the Site, including information about your online activities over time and across different websites, devices, online channels, and applications when you use our services. These third parties may use web beacons or cookies on our Site.
Some third parties, such as Google, may also collect information for online advertising purposes and to provide us and others statistics about users of the Site.
Third Party Services in Use
Advertising Partners
Google Adsense
Infolinks
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Google Privacy Policy
Infolinks Privacy Policy
Affiliate Programs
Non-personally identifiable information is aggregated and made available to PatriotResource.com ONLY when affiliate advertising or product links are clicked. Cookies are used for the purpose of paying commissions to PatriotResource.com for referrals ONLY if the consumer/end-user clicks through to affiliate site. Any personal information that may have been submitted to affiliate site by the consumer/end-user is NOT shared with PatriotResource.com. Affiliate agreements expressly stipulate that PatriotResource.com may not attempt to use this non-personally identifiable information in combination with other means in any attempt to optain personally-identifiable information.
Amazon Services LLC Associates Program
eBay
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Amazon Privacy Policy
eBay Privacy Policy
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Google Privacy Policy
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Facebook and Twitter
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Facebook Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
PatriotResource.com does not attempt to obtain personally-identifiable information by aggregating the above data sets together. Though the above use cookies, PatriotResource.com itself does not employ cookies in order to track end-users' activities once they have left PatriotResource.com.
Consumer/End-User opt-out options:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
Google Analytics
< Gladiator: Index
The Patriot Resource: Main Site Map >
Available at Amazon.com
3-Disc (Extended) DVD
2-Disc (Collector's) DVD
2-Disc Blu-ray
Single-Disc DVD
Video on Demand
Soundtrack CD
More Music Soundtrack CD
The Making Of (Book)
5-Disc (Ultimate) DVD
5-Disc Blu-ray
4-Disc (Collector's) DVD
2-Disc DVD
Single-Disc DVD
Video on Demand
Soundtrack CD
PatriotResource.com original content and design Copyright © 1999- Scott Cummings, All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement