http://www.vcsknights.org/terms-of-use
Home
Terms Of Use
About
About
Welcome
Mission
Philosophy
VCS at a Glance
VCS Traditions
Annual Sausage Dinner
More Information
Schoolwide Learning Expectations
History
Campus
Policies
Uniform Policy
Wellness Policy
Contact
Staff
Contact Us
Admissions
Visiting VCS
Admission Policy
Admission Procedure and Forms
Tuition, Financial Aid & New Parishioner/Subsidized Form
General Requirements
Testimonials
Academics
Preschool-4th Grade
Preschool
Preschool Academics
Kindergarten
1st Grade
2nd Grade
3rd Grade
4th Grade -8th Grade
4th Grade
5th Grade
6th Grade
7th Grade
8th Grade
Specials
Music
Spanish
Technology
Library
Physical Education
Knights Club
Parents
Get Involved
Parents' Club
VIP Hours
For Your Child
Before & After School Care
Hot Lunch Program
Parent Resources
Cancellation Policy
SAC
Scrip Program
Students
Box Tops for Education
CYO Sports
After School Activities
Student Council
Giving
Capital Campaign
Click Here -Phase II Capital Campaign
New School Brick Sale!
Click here-Brick Purchase Site
Corporate Matching Funds
Dinner Auction
Golf Tournament
Jog-A-Thon
Sponsor a Student
Events & News
Events
Calendar
News
News
Photo Albums
Terms Of Use
Home
Terms Of Use
Visitation Catholic School provides this website for information, inspiration, education, participation in Church life and spiritual growth. Please read these Terms of Use carefully. By using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and by the website’s Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use or this website’s Privacy Policy, please do not use the website.
How are users of this website expected to behave?
Your use of this site is not solely for your own purposes. Parts of this site may include interaction with other people. By visiting this website, users agree to adhere to certain standards of interactive conduct. These standards apply to use of interactive features including but not limited to discussion groups, chat, e-cards, calendar listings, news, blog comments and email to addresses contained in this website. In any interaction with this website, visitors agree to refrain from:
using language that can be generally construed as offensive, derogatory, judgmental, demeaning or humiliating
“flaming” or “spamming” or any practice that floods an individual with unwanted or derogatory communication
comments, statements or terminology that can be construed as disparaging towards another’s race, gender, nationality, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, immigration status, presumed ideology (e.g., “conservative” or “liberal”), or religious affiliation
online shouting, that is, USE OF ALL CAPS IN ANY MESSAGE
linking to offensive sites, including those that are pornographic, racist or which advocate violence or prejudice against any group or individuals
disclosing private information about others
attacking or undermining another’s reputation or good name through calumny, libel, slander or so-called “fake news”
use of copyrighted material from this site without permission
The Visitation Catholic School website exists solely to advance the Good News of Jesus Christ and the building of the Kingdom of God. Therefore, Visitation Catholic School retains the right, in its sole discretion, to remove or block communications from anyone whom it determines to be detrimental to that purpose, whether or not such communications violate the prohibitions enumerated above. Such action by Visitation Catholic School is not meant to disparage the intent, faith, character, or reputation of individual whose communications are removed or blocked.
If any violation of the above standards represents, indicates or suggests an intent or threat to break the law, the violator’s information, including ISP and IP address, will be provided to the appropriate law enforcement agencies. Although they may not use site features, hackers who interfere with the operation of the Visitation Catholic School site or obtain information from the site without permission or spammers who harvest e-mail addresses from this site are also subject to criminal prosecution.
Exclusion of Warranties and Reservation of Rights
Visitation Catholic School follows accepted standards in regard to information technology but cannot warrant that the website will operate error-free or that this website, its server or its content are free of computer viruses or similar contamination or destructive features. If your use of the website or the content results in the need for service or replacing equipment or data, Visitation Catholic School will not be responsible for those costs.
Visitation Catholic School also follows industry standards regarding transmissions of information made via the website, its content, or its server but cannot warrant that such transactions are fully secure. Visitation Catholic School will not be responsible for theft or misappropriation of information transmitted via this website, its content or its server (for example, through identity theft or credit card fraud).
IN NO EVENT WILL Visitation Catholic School BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABLILTY TO USE THE WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF Visitation Catholic School HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Some states do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. In such states, the liability of Visitation Catholic School shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Copyrights and Trademarks
Visitation Catholic School owns the content (software, text, graphics, images and other material) on this website or uses it through arrangements with other entities. The content is protected by copyright and unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright, trademark or other laws. No use other than that permitted under this agreement is acceptable without prior written consent from Visitation Catholic School. No content on this website may be used for a commercial or public purpose. Posting of content from this website on other sites or networks is strictly prohibited. The trademarks, service marks and logos of Visitation Catholic School used on this website also belong to Visitation Catholic School and may not be used without prior written permission of Visitation Catholic School specifically for each use. The trademarks, service marks and logos may not be used to disparage Visitation Catholic School or any third party or in any manner which could damage the good will of the marks or logos. Any good will generated by the approved use of trademarks, service marks or logos inures to the benefit of Visitation Catholic School.
This website may contain links to third-party websites which are provided as a convenience to users and do not constitute an endorsement by Visitation Catholic School of the links or their content. Likewise, Visitation Catholic School cannot be responsible for the accuracy of the content on external sites nor for destructive programs that may be on these sites. Any access of external links is done at the user’s own risk.
Visitation Catholic School reserves the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time and from time to time without notice to its users. Please review these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the website after any changes to these Terms of Use will indicate your agreement with such changes.