https://www.uccf.org.uk/about/legal
Site Policy
Universities and Colleges Christian Fellowship (UCCF) is a Registered Charity No. 306137 (England and Wales) and SC038499 (Scotland), and a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales No. 387932. Our Registered Office is Blue Boar House, 5 Blue Boar Street, Oxford, OX1 4EE.
Throughout the rest of this document, the terms ‘UCCF’, ‘us’ and ‘we’ refer to the entity described above. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of this website.
The Site Policy governs UCCF’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the Site Policy. If you disagree with any part of the Site Policy, please do not use our website.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to UCCF - our privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
Website forms
All information submitted through forms on this website (including messages sent through contact forms) is held for a short time in order to monitor activity and in case of problems. The content is treated as strictly confidential.
Third parties
UCCF will not pass on your personal information to any other person or organisation except in direct connection to the reason you provided it to us, where you have given express permission, or when we are obliged to by law.
Storing your data
The data that we hold, as described above, is securely stored in our website and supporter databases. Access to data is restricted and limited to those that need it. We don’t store personal information for longer than we need to.
Access to and correction of your personal information
You have a right to know about the personal information UCCF holds about you. You also have a right to have your data corrected or deleted if it is being held inappropriately. Please address all your requests and/or queries about this policy to the Data Protection Officer at our main office.
Terms and Conditions
The information contained in this website is provided by UCCF for your general information and use only. Use of this website or any information found on it is entirely at your own risk. While we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability or suitability of the website content. Content is subject to change without notice.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
You must not misuse this website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website contains links to websites outside of UCCF’s control. UCCF has no responsibility for the content of those websites, nor does a link necessarily imply that we recommend or endorse the content or its provider.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, UCCF takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website or its functions being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Cookies
This website uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer which are used by a website to identify you. The UCCF website uses cookies as follows:
Session cookie
We use a session cookie to enable certain features of our website, especially the ability to remain logged in and to use our various booking and order forms. A session cookie stores a unique identifier that allows this website (and no other) to track you as you move between pages. It does not contain any information that is personally identifiable. Session cookies are removed when you close your web browser or when you have been inactive for approximately 20 minutes.
Google Analytics
UCCF use Google Analytics to analyse how our visitors engage with the website. Google Analytics places cookies to track your use of this website, but does not collect any information that can identify you personally to UCCF or Google.
The UCCF website does not place cookies which attempt to track your use of any other websites or services. Cookies placed by the UCCF website cannot be accessed by any third party website.
All recent versions of web browsers give you the ability to control and delete cookies. You can find out more information at http://www.aboutcookies.org/.
Copyright
This website and its content is copyright © UCCF: The Christian Unions 2020. All rights reserved.
Content may be redistributed or reproduced for personal and/or non-commercial use, acknowledging UCCF as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, commercially reproduce, distribute or otherwise exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it at any other online location.
All video content is property of UCCF, music is used under license. Do not redistribute, copy, re-encode, retail, broadcast, modify or edit any videos found on this website.
Contacting Us
Please get in touch if you have any questions about this document or website or if you would like to see or correct the data we hold about you. See the contact page for information about how to do so.
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
Ok, I agree