http://www.ago.mo.gov/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYIf you merely browse through the Attorney General's Web site reading, printing, or downloading information, such as consumer brochures or press releases, no personally identifying information will be revealed about you. During such a visit, only the following limited "navigational information" will be disclosed to staff in the AG's Office:The name of the domain from which you accessed our Web site. The date and time any page was accessed on the office's Web site.The address (also called the URL) of the Web site from which any page on this site was linked. For example, if you clicked on a hyperlink on the Web site of the National Association of Attorneys General to reach the Attorney General's Web site, that fact is recorded. However, as discussed above, your actual identity remains unknown.This information is used solely for internal purposes. This data allows the AG's Office to measure the number of people who access the different sections of the Web site and to help make our site more useful to you. The Attorney General's Web site does not employ "cookies," which potentially could allow a Web site to track information about browsing habits during multiple visits to a Web site.We will post any changes in this privacy policy at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect unless ordered by a court to do so sooner. Any information collected under this current policy will remain bound by the terms of this privacy policy. After the changes take effect, all new information collected, if any, will be subject to the revised privacy policy.Request for InformationThere are various locations where you may request information. Should you make a request for information, the personally identifiable information you disclose as part of making that request is disclosed to staff at the Attorney General's Office so your request may be fulfilled. Your personally identifiable information is not used or maintained for any other purpose.No-Call List RegistrationIf you register for the No-Call list, the personal information you give us will be gathered and maintained by this office. This information may be used to update you on changes or potential changes in the law in regard to the No-Call list. Also, only your telephone number will be provided to those individuals and business entities that request a copy of the No-Call list. If you register by mail or phone, your personal information will be handled in the same manner.Complaint FormsYou can access complaint forms from the AG's Web site, which you may then mail to the Attorney General's Office. No personally identifiable information is gathered when you download or print a complaint form. If you prefer to complete on your computer a form that is in PDF format, no personal information is gathered. This form then must be printed, signed and mailed.However, you should be aware that information you provide in a complaint form will be entered into an electronic database for use by attorneys, investigators or other staff members involved in law enforcement or public policy development. To resolve your complaint, we may send a copy of your complaint form to the company or person about whom you are complaining. This information also may be shared with other government agencies enforcing consumer protection, antitrust, and other laws. In other limited circumstances, including requests from Congress or private individuals, we may be required by law to disclose information you submit.Missouri Sunshine LawAs a state governmental agency, the AG's Office is subject to Chapter 610 of the Revised Statutes of Missouri, known as the Sunshine Law. If an appropriate request is made to this office for information that is subject to disclosure by the Sunshine Law, the AG's Office may be required to disclose the information requested, even if it may include your personally identifiable information.Disclaimer on Linking to Other WebsitesThe AG's Office provides links to other Web sites. However, the office has no control over those sites and cannot vouch for information found there nor on any page accessible from that site. The content of those sites are the sole responsibility of those who maintain them and are not necessarily the views of the Attorney General. In no way should a link from the Attorney General's Office Web site be construed as an endorsement by the Attorney General of that organization or the views contained in that site.How to Contact this OfficeWe encourage you to contact the AG's Office if you have any questions or concerns with which we may be of assistance. We want you to be aware that it is sometimes necessary to use or share your personally identifiable information with AG's Office staff or others outside this office in order to effectively address your questions or concerns.
QUICK LINKS About AG Schmitt About the Office Contact Us Employment Opportunities Sunshine Law