http://www.leenlee.com.sg/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Lee & Lee’s Privacy Policy Statement
We value your privacy highly at Lee & Lee, and strive to protect your personal data which we may collect from you in the course of providing our services to you.
Our Privacy Policy sets out the practices that we follow with respect to the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal data. This Privacy Policy is provided in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (the “PDPA”).
A) Collection of Personal Data
The types of personal data we collect in connection with our website located at http://www.leenlee.com.sg includes but is not limited to the following (in no particular order):
(1)	Names;
(2)	Addresses (including email addresses);
(3)	Telephone, mobile and facsimile numbers;
(4)	Connection to Lee & Lee; and
(5)	Current occupation (including job title and company name).
B) The Purposes For Which We Use your Personal Data
The purposes for which we use your personal data may include (but are not limited) to any of the following:
(1)	providing you with legal updates and newsletters;
(2)	providing you with services, for instance, extending invitations to talks, events and/or seminars;
(3)	responding to your requests or enquiries; and
(4)	evaluative purposes, for instance, for determining which legal services are suitable for or may be of interest to you.
C) Data Quality
We will take reasonable steps to make sure that the personal data we collect, use or disclose are accurate, complete and up to date.
D) Data Security
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal data which we hold from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We will not keep your personal data for longer than is necessary and will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your personal data if it is no longer needed.
E) Access and Correction
As a general rule, you are entitled to have access to the personal data about you that is in our possession or control, and information about the ways in which your personal data has been or may have been used or disclosed within a year before the date of the request. This can be done by you making a written application to the Designated Person (as defined below) requesting for any such information. We reserve the right to charge a fee (representing our costs in administering your request) for supplying such information to you, and to refuse requests which, in our opinion, occur with unreasonable frequency.
We will also, where you have requested that we correct an error or omission in your personal data that is kept with us, correct such data as soon as practicable and send the corrected personal data to every organisation to which the personal data was sent before it had been corrected, if applicable, unless that organisation does not need the corrected personal data for any legal or business purpose.
We may, however choose not to provide you with access to or correct such information, in accordance with the exceptions under the PDPA. This would include cases where:
(1)	We are satisfied on reasonable grounds that the correction should not be made;
(2) 	The request for access is frivolous or vexatious or the information requested is trivial;
(3)	 The personal data are related to a prosecution and all the proceedings related to the prosecution have not been completed;
(4)	The personal data, if disclosed, would reveal confidential commercial information that could, in the opinion of a reasonable person, harm our competitive position; and
(5) 	The personal data was collected, used or disclosed for the purposes of an investigation and associated proceedings and appeals have not been completed.
F) Transborder Data Flows
If your personal data is transferred to a country or territory outside Singapore, for instance, if some services are sub-delegated to overseas resource centres, we will ensure that the recipients thereof provide a standard of protection to your personal data so transferred that is comparable to that which is provided herein.
G) Enquiries and Complaints
We have designated the person whose details are set out below as the person (“Designated Person”) who will be responsible for ensuring our compliance with applicable data protection laws. If you have any queries or requests or wish to make any applications concerning your personal information or data, please contact the Designated Person:-
Email: leenlee@leenlee.com.sg(Attention to the “Data Protection Officer”)
Contact Number: 6557 4719
Office Address: 50 Raffles Place, #06-00 Singapore Land Tower, Singapore 048623 (Attention to the “Data Protection Officer”)