https://www.atheistrev.com/p/privacy.html
Pages
Home
About
Blogroll
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Atheist Revolution (www.atheistrev.com)
Last modified: January 23, 2019
1.  Introduction
Atheist Revolution is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our visitors. This policy outlines the types of Personal Information received and collected by Atheist Revolution and how it is used. Using services or content available through this blog means that you agree to this Privacy Policy.
"Personal Information" refers to information such as your full name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or any other information that would allow someone to identity you or contact you that you might provide to us. In general, you can visit or browse this blog without revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
2.  Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com) that we modified to fit this blog.
3.  How we use your personal information
In this Section 3 we have set out: (a) the general categories of personal data that we may collect or process; (b) in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data; (c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and (d) the legal bases of the processing.
We use Google Analytics to process data about your use of our blog ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the blog so it can be improved. We have configured Google Analytics to anonymize the IP addresseses of visitors, so none of these data include Personal Information as defined in this Privacy Policy. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our blog. Please refer to Google's "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" page for more information.
We use IntenseDebate by Automattic to process information that you post for publication on our blog ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling visitors to leave comments on posts. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our blog. We cannot control the content of comments visitors leave on our blog, nor are we liable if you make comments available to others. Please visit https://automattic.com/privacy/ to learn more about their privacy policy.
We use Google FeedBurner to process information that you may provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our automated RSS-to-email newsletter ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests in making our content available via email to users who request it. Specifically,
Atheist Revolution uses FeedBurner to collect email addresses from visitors who choose to provide them for the sole purpose of automatically sending posts as they are published (i.e., providing visitors with an RSS-to-email service). Email addresses are stored by FeedBurner and are used only to enable automated RSS-to-email delivery. Every email generated by FeedBurner contains unsubscribe instructions in the footer. Please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ to learn more about Google's privacy policy.
We use kontactr to process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content, your email address, and any metadata associated with the communication. Our blog uses kontactr to provide an online contact form, and this third-party service will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our blog and communications with users. Please visit  https://kontactr.com/privacy-policy to learn more about kontactr's privacy policy.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us without first obtaining that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
4.  Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. In addition, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5.  Who may use our site
Atheist Revolution is not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 13. If you are under 13, do not send us Personal Information. Parents and guardians should instruct their children under the age of 13 not to provide any Personal Information through this blog, inluding use of the contact form.
Atheist Revolution is based in the United States and is intended for users located primarily in the United States. Users from other countries should use common sense when disclosing Personal Information and remember that by disclosing Personal Information, you are consenting to the application of U.S. law and to the use and disclosure of your information consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside the U.S. and you use this blog, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with all rules and regulations that apply to you. You are also deemed to have consented to the collection, storage, processing, and use of your Personal Information in the United States.
You acknowledge that Personal Information that you submit for publication through our blog (i.e., comments) may be available, via the Internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6.  Retaining and deleting personal information
This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which apply to our retention and deletion of Personal Information and other information about visitors to which we may have access.
Personal Information and other user data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes. We will retain user data as follows: (a) user email addresses collected by FeedBurner will be retained for as long as the user is subscribed to the RSS-to-email newsletter he or she requested. (b) user email addresses collected through the kontactr contact form will be retained for a minimum of 7 days following the date on which the form was submitted and for a maximum period of 90 days following the date on which the form was submitted. (c) Google Analytics has been configured to retain user data for no longer than 26 months.
In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which user data will be retained. In such cases, we will retain user data no longer than is necessary.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7.  Amendments
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated version here. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting, so we encourage you to check this page often to ensure you are aware of any changes.
8.  About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but Personal Information that is stored about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9.  Cookies that we use
Atheist Revolution uses cookies for the following purposes: (a) authentication - We use cookies to identify you when you first visit our blog and as you navigate our blog (e.g., Google, Cloudflare); (b) status - we use cookies to help us determine if you are logged into the IntenseDebate commenting system (IntenseDebate); (c) security - we use cookies to protect our blog generally (e.g., Cloudflare); (d) advertising - third-party ad networks use cookies to personalize the ads you see (e.g., Amazon.com, Sovrn, Google Adsense); e) analysis - we use cookies to help us analyze the use and performance of our blog (e.g., Google Analytics); and (f) cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our blog. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our blog is used to create reports about the use of our blog. We have configured our Google Analytics settings to collect the minimum possible information about visitors, including IP anonymization. To opt out of Google Analytics tracking, visitors can install Google's opt-out browser add-on. Google's privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.  To learn more about how Google uses this information, please refer to their "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" page.
10.  Cookies used by third-party advertisers
Advertisements appearing on Atheist Revolution may be delivered to users by a third-party adveriser. These third-party advertisers may use cookies that allow their servers to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. This allows them to complile information about where you saw their ads, which ads you clicked on, and to deliver tageted ads they believe will be of most interest to you. Please note that this Privacy Policy only covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or third parties, even if an advertisement appears on our Site.
Information about the primary third-party advertisers used by Atheist Revolution is provided below, including how users can opt-out of cookies used by each advertiser for interest-based advertising.
Google AdSense uses cookies to serve interest-based advertisements on our blog. You can view, delete, or add interest categories by visiting https://adssettings.google.com. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at http://optout.networkadvertising.org or by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. These opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996. For more information about how Google uses information from sites or apps that use its services, ad personalization, and how you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps, please refer to https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/.
Sovrn uses cookies to serve interest-based advertisements on our blog. Sovrn's privacy policy is available at https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/. Their policy provides multiple options for opting out of  Sovrn's collection, use, or transfer of your data (e.g., installing their opt-out cookie or visiting http://www.aboutads.info/).
Amazon.com uses cookies to serve interest-based advertisements on our blog. Amazon.com's privacy policy is available at https://amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496 and explains how to modify one's advertising preferences. Alternatively, users may visit http://www.aboutads.info/ for more information about opting out of the use of cookies for personalized advertising.
11.  Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox)
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer)
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge)
Blocking some cookies will limit the functionality of Atheist Revolution.
12.  Contacting Atheist Revolution
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
2019-01-23T05:55:00-06:00
vjack
Home
Join the Revolution
Subscribe to Atheist Revolution
Get Involved in Secular Activism
Topics
About Me
Activism
Atheism
Bible
Blogging
Christianity
Education
Freethought
Horror
Humanism
Hypocrisy
Islam
Media
Mississippi
Morality
Music
Outrage Culture
Politics
Satanism
Secularism
Skepticism
Social Media
Society
War on Christmas
Search the Blog
Popular Posts
Religious Privilege: Supreme Court Allows Churches to Threaten Your Health
The Christianization of Thanksgiving
Where are the Atheist Women?
Are American Atheists Less Sociable Than Religious Believers?
Worth the Risk? A Very COVID-19 Thanksgiving
Defund the Police and How to Help Others Learn What it Means
Making People More Determined to Vote
Resources & Policies
Recent Posts
Disclosure
Comment Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact