http://www.delectablychic.com/privacy/
About
Media Mentions
Contact
Event Listings
Event Listings Contact Form
Other Sites
The DelectablyChic! Closet
Instagram Pictures
Advertising & Sponsorships
Menu
Close
Fashion & Style
Webitor’s Pick
Beauty
Designers
Fashion Week
Toronto Fashion Week
London Fashion Week
New York Fashion Week
Shopping
Lookbook
Blogger Profiles
Body Image
Dining
Recipes
Restaurants
Cynthia’s Restaurant List
Arts & Culture
Events
Philanthropy
Books
Book Reviews
Film
Theatre
Television
Dance
Webitor’s Thoughts
Tech
Travel
Webitor’s Thoughts
#isupportcanadianfashion
Privacy Policy
DelectablyChic!, which is owned and operated by Prospere Magazine Inc., values its readers’ privacy.  Readers may from time to time submit personal information to us through DelectablyChic!.  Personal information is any information that identifies you, or by which your identity could be deduced.  It does not include your name, business address, business title, professional designation(s) or business telephone number.  By submitting information about yourself, including your name, contact information (including e-mail address, mailing address, IP address and phone number), you are giving consent for DelectablyChic!  to collect this information, to contact you and to use and disclose the information in the manner outlined in this privacy policy.  DelectablyChic! contacts its readers and uses their information in a variety of ways, including to send our weekly/regular* newsletters as well as to announce and administer any contests the site may hold as well as to gather statistics about its readership.  Also, we may ask you additional information, including demographic information (age, occupation, education level, etc) in the form of surveys, polls and other tools (including analytic tools) to help us serve you better.
DelectablyChic! may share your information with the following third parties in certain circumstances:
Our service providers and successors:  DelectablyChic! may disclose your personal and contact information to companies who provide our services, including the site’s host, other web developers as well as in possible business transactions, including the sale, merger, lease or any other type of amalgamation, financing or securitization (a “Fundamental Transaction”) affecting Prospere Magazine Inc. and/or its entities or assets.  We will only provide these companies and their professional advisors with the information they need and will ensure that these companies comply with our privacy policy and maintain the confidentiality of the information.  Only authorized personnel of these companies will have access to your information and will be required to use it only for the required purpose, after which their copies of your information will be destroyed or returned to us.  In the case of a Fundamental Transaction, upon closing of the transaction, any successor to our business will take possession of the information and we will destroy our copies of it, except for such copies as may be required for legal or audit purposes.
Law enforcement/Legal disclosure:  DelectablyChic! may provide information for legal purposes if Prospere Magazine has a reason to believe that the information may be useful to aide in investigation of unlawful activity or any other legal-related purposes, such as a court order.
We will obtain consent if we seek to use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those outlined above unless such use or disclosure is required or permitted by law.
Readers who have signed on to our weekly newsletter can unsubscribe from the list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each e-mail.
Third Party Links: DelectablyChic! may link to other third party sites both in its articles and elsewhere on the site (including advertisements ).  By clicking on these links, readers are leaving DelectablyChic!.  These other sites may have different privacy policies, for which DelectablyChic! is not liable.
DelectablyChic! stores users’ information either in secure locations in our offices or in the offices of our service providers.  If you would like access your information, please do not hesitate to contact us via the e-mail address found in the last paragraph.  If you would like certain aspects of your contact info to remain in DelectablyChic! and its parent company, Prospere Magazine Inc.’s hands, and not disclosed to other parties, please let us know via the e-mail address below.  However, please be aware that certain information is required by our website hosting company to make the site’s features available to you and if you do not want that information shared, we may not be able to make all of the site’s features available to you.
Advertising to minors:  DelectablyChic! is not a site that targets children 13 years of age or less and we believe that our ads do not directly appeal to the age groups.  In addition, no personal information may be posted by individuals under the age of 18 without the prior permission of a parent or guardian.  If you are under the age of 13 years you may not use this site.
Updating Your Information:  Since we use your personal information to provide services to you, it is important that the information be accurate and up-to-date.  If any of your information changes, please inform us so that we can make any necessary changes.
Access to Your Personal Information:  You may ask for access to any personal information we hold about you.  Summary information is available on request.  More detailed requests which require archive or other retrieval costs may be subject to our normal professional and disbursement fees.
Correcting Errors:  If DelectablyChic! holds information about you and if you can establish that it is not accurate, complete and up-to-date, DelectablyChic! will take reasonable steps to correct it.
Can I Be Denied Access to My Personal Information?  Your rights to access your personal information are not absolute.  We may deny access when:
denial of access is required or authorized by law;
when granting you access would have an unreasonable impact on other people’s privacy;
to protect our firm’s rights and property;
where the request is frivolous or vexatious.
If we deny your request for access to, or refuse a request to correct information, we shall explain why.
How Long do you Keep my Personal Information?  We keep your personal information as long as is reasonably necessary for us to complete our dealings with you, or as may be required by law, whichever is longer.
Communicating with Us:  You should be aware that email is not a 100% secure medium, and you should be aware of this when contacting us to send personal or confidential information.
Changes to our privacy policy:  DelectablyChic! reserves the right to make amendments to this policy.  Should any changes be made, notice will be posted on the homepage of the site for seven days.
Should you have any questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact us.
*We may, from time to time, send out extra newsletters to remind people about upcoming events we are holding.
Search for:
Follow Us On: Friends on Social Media
delectablychic on Twitter
Follow @delectablychic
2271 people follow delectablychic
wildlyde
PodcastW
BelaCont
Platinum
BronzedC
YYZYULYV
fertilit
Electron
_everyda
BruhaSal
TheAnnex
SoniaAim
MyPetite
eathappy
LOVECOFF
Sign up for our Email Newsletter
For Email Marketing you can trust
Privacy (slight update made on June 19, 2014)
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimers and Disclosures
Prospere Magazine Archives
DelectablyChic! is a part of:
Highlighted eventsNo events to show