https://www.southcentre.int/privacy-statement/
HomePrivacy Statement
Recent releasesPaper: CSOs Contribute to Combating AMR
Submission: FACTI Panel Interim Report
Documento: Guía para las licencias obligatorias de patentes farmacéuticas
Paper: Pro-Health Competition in Developing Countries
Official publicationsBooks
Research Papers
Policy Briefs
SouthViews
Previous SouthViews
Training Papers
Beijing+25 Update Series
SouthNews
South Centre News on AMR
Main eventsAccess to Meds: Trade & Investment Treaties in COVID-19 Era
Access to Covid-19 Vaccines, Medicines and Diagnostics: Voluntary and Compulsory Licenses, TRIPS Waiver
E-mail List Subscription
Email list subscription
Training and other tools offered by the South Centre on IP and Health
Click Here
South Centre Tax Initiative
Click here
Privacy Statement
DATA PRIVACY POLICY
The South Centre takes the protection of your information very seriously. Data protection and privacy is a priority for the South Centre. We wish to make your online experience with us as complete and useful as possible.
This Privacy Policy sets out how the South Centre uses and protects any information that you give the South Centre when you use this website, when you subscribe to the South Centre’s mailing lists, particularly the South Bulletin, SouthNews, SouthViews and the South Centre News on AMR mailing lists, and when you access the South Centre’s social media accounts such as Twitter, Facebook, and other similar online platforms or applications.
Your Personal Information at the South Centre
The South Centre gathers information in different ways from our subscribers and website guests. This information is needed to provide us the means to analyze the usage made by our subscribers and guests of our network and web facilities.
As a policy, we do not share this information with other parties. We may, however, disclose personal information we collect from you only with your permission, or in very special cases, such as when the disclosure is required by law or other cases described below.
Upon registration to any of our subscription services, subscribers are asked to provide personal information when they sign up for our service, such as name, email address and others. This information is used to manage the subscriber’s account and, as a policy, is not shared with third parties, unless with special permission or in special circumstances.
For guests visiting our website, we may collect the following information:
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
navigation through the site
the software used and the time spent
users’ country of origin and language
downloading of books/publications/articles/papers
name and title
contact information including email address
When subscribers or guests send email inquiries to the South Centre, the return email address is only used to answer the email inquiry. We do not use the return address for any other purpose nor do we share it with other third parties.
Why We Collect Your Data
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
will be used internally only for website traffic analysis
will be used only for statistical purposes
to send announcements, news, and other information about the South Centre
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Certain information will not specifically identify the user. If the user provides unique identifying information, such as name, email address, physical address, and other personal information on forms stored on this site, such information will be kept on South Centre databases and servers and will not be published for general access nor provided to third parties.
Special Cases
It is our policy not to share the personal information of our subscribers and website guests in other ways not related to those described above, without providing our subscribers and guests with opportunities to opt out from such usage. However, the South Centre may share the personal information if, for any reason at our sole discretion, it is necessary in order to satisfy any existing or new laws, to satisfy any governmental or legal requests, to contact or identify any subscriber or guest who may be using our services in an illegal or immoral manner, or to protect our service and other subscribers.
Security
Our Internet services and website has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While we make every possible effort to ensure the integrity and security of your information in our network and systems, we cannot totally guarantee that our security measures will prevent third parties from illegally obtaining this information. The South Centre, therefore, assumes no responsibility for the security of this information.
Checking or Modifying Your Information
You may request access to and to modify any personal information that you may have provided during registration by sending us an email at south(at)southcentre.int.
Unsubscribing or Deletion of Your Information
You may unsubscribe or request for the deletion of your data from our databases and servers at any time by emailing us at south(at)southcentre.int.
About This Privacy Policy
Please contact us through south(at)southcentre.int if you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy.
Amendments
This policy may be amended by the South Centre at its discretion at any time in accordance with our user policies.
0
Your Cart