http://www.anglicarevic.org.au/privacy-policy
Skip to Navigation or Skip to Main Content
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Anglicare Victoria respects your privacy
We’re committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with State and Commonwealth privacy legislation, and other relevant laws. We only collect, use and disclose your information in ways that comply with these laws.
Collection and use of your personal information
Anglicare Victoria provides a range of services, such as counselling and case management services, group work programs and out-of-home care placements. In order to provide these services effectively, we need to collect personal details such as your name, address and telephone number, as well as details about your circumstances which help us to understand your situation and service needs. We may also collect information about important people in your life, such as your family members, or other services involved with you. You do not have to provide us with any personal information that you do not want to, however, without relevant information we may not be able to provide you with the service you require.
Disclosure of your personal information
We do not provide your personal information to other people or organisations unless we have your consent to do so, or when such disclosure is otherwise allowed or required by law (such as when we need to disclose information to emergency services in order to protect someone’s safety).
Storage and security of your personal information
Anglicare Victoria takes measures to ensure that your personal information – whether stored in computer systems or within paper files – is securely protected from unauthorised access, loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration.
Requesting access to your personal information
Anglicare Victoria recognises that people have a general right to access their information which we have collected. You are encouraged to contact us at any time and ask to access your information (for the purpose of ensuring its accuracy, or any other purpose you may have). We will only restrict this access, in part or full, when we have a good reason to do so which is allowed or required by law (such as to protect another person’s privacy or safety).
We require proof of identity before providing you with access to your personal information. This ensures personal information remains secure and confidential.
Requesting access to another person’s personal information
If you are trying to access someone else’s information because you are their authorised representative (such as a lawyer, advocate, social worker, etc.), or you are the next-of-kin of a former client who is now deceased, you must make your request in writing (we will provide you with the necessary form on request). You will also need to provide evidence of your authority to act on the person’s behalf or, with regard to deceased former clients, proof of the former client’s death and that you are their next of kin.
Print this article
Share this article:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
StumbleUpon
Email
Site Navigation
Our Services
Get Involved
Locations
Join the journey
Sign-up to our newsletter to keep up-to-date with our latest stories.
Name
Email
Please check the box below to submit your enquiry *
Subscribe
Anglicare Victoria
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Our Services
Get Involved
Locations
Careers
About Us
News and Publications
Events
We are here to help, call 1800 809 722
or contact via email and fill out our enquiry form.
Part of a parish? Find out more