http://www.qcawc.org/privacy
Adopt
Dogs
Cats
Small Animals
Alumni Stories
Vet Clinic
Spay/Neuter Program
Walk-In Wellness Clinic
FAQs
Education
What We Offer
Birthday Parties
Kids Learning Center
Upcoming Events
How to Help
Holiday Donation Gift Giving
Donate
Wags To Riches Raffle
How To Help Our Kittens
Volunteer
Cars 4 Critters
Organize An Event or Fundraiser
Hy-Vee/QCAWC Wish List
Virtual Foster
Membership
Casual For A Cause
Sponsor a Spay/Neuter
Sanctuary Cats
Leave a Legacy
Upcoming Events
News & Promotions
Resources
Dog Info Center
Cat Info Center
Releasing an Animal
Pet Food Pantry
Organizations that Help Pet Owners
Contacts
The Groom Room
Click here to Donate
Privacy Statement
QCAWC is committed to ensuring the privacy and confidentiality of its customers and visitors to the company's website. As such, QCAWC utilizes industry-standard security measures to safeguard internet transactions and communications. The purpose of this statement is to explain the types of information QCAWC collects about visitors to its websites, the manner in which this information is collected and used, with whom and under what circumstances the information is shared, and the manner in which visitors can restrict the use or disclosure of such information.
Security
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority at QCAWC. We have taken careful measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information. Once we receive your information that was entered into our web site, it is stored behind a firewall. All QCAWC employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.
Information Collected From Website Visitors
QCAWC's web servers automatically collect information from site visitors, such as IP addresses and browser information, in order to optimize users' web experience and analyze traffic patterns. This information is collected and analyzed on a summary basis only. It is not personally identifiable.While QCAWC's web servers automatically collect visitor domain names, they do not involuntarily collect personal identification information about visitors. The web servers gather information about the particulars of a visitor's visit through the QCAWC web site such as the web page from which a visitor enters QCAWC's site, the pages within QCAWC's site visited, how long a visitor is on the site, and other such information that will help QCAWC evaluate and improve its site.We collect personally identifiable information only when voluntarily provided by website users. We only receive personal information about site visitors through our online forms, which you need to use to perform the following functions: access our Resources Directory, our Published trade articles and our Industry News sections.
Internal Disclosure of Information
QCAWC employees are permitted access to the information they require to perform their jobs and service customers. QCAWC maintains strict internal policies against the unauthorized disclosure or use of customer information. QCAWC has no subsidiaries that information is shared with.
Third Party Disclosure of Information
QCAWC does not sell or disclose personal identification information obtained on-line from visitors through company web site to anyone outside of QCAWC.
Personal Identification Information Collection
When visitors voluntarily provide personal identification information to QCAWC through the company's web site, QCAWC limits its use of such information to the purposes for which the information was provided. However, QCAWC reserves the right to use such information for marketing/product development research and other similar purposes and/or to contact a visitor regarding additional services/products such visitor may find useful. Visitors have the right to choose not to receive this information by notifying QCAWC of their preference.We do not sell personally identifiable information about our members to any third party.
Co-Sponsors or Co-Branded Products/Services
In order to maintain our independent position in the industry, QCAWC does not have any co-sponsored or co-branded sites or features. Our site does provide links to other sites only for the convenience of our visitors. QCAWC does not endorse any such sites listed.
Unsolicited E-mail
QCAWC does not send unsolicited "junk" e-mail (spam). However, the company does use e-mail to communicate with customers and respond to visitor inquiries and send information requested by visitors through the company's web site. Any visitors receiving unwanted e-mail from QCAWC should contact the company and advise of their desire not to receive future e-mails and/or request removal from QCAWC's e-mail list. As soon as reasonable practicable, QCAWC will remove such visitor from the company's e-mail list.
Cookies
This Web site does not use cookies.
Links
Links to other Web sites provided in this Web site are for your information and convenience only, and will let you leave the QCAWC Web site. These Web sites are not under the control of QCAWC and QCAWC is not in any way liable for any loss or damage arising from browsing or using these Web sites, and QCAWC is not responsible for any content found in those Web sites. Links are neither endorsements nor proof of affiliation with QCAWC. Electronic files and software downloaded over the Internet can contain viruses and other risks, and QCAWC makes no guarantee that files downloaded or purchased from these Web sites or QCAWC's own Web site will be virus free nor cause computer problems.Each of these unaffiliated Web sites may have a privacy policy different from that of QCAWC. These links may take you to the Web sites of advertisers, sponsors and co-branding partners. QCAWC is not responsible for any actions or policies of such owners of Web sites. These other Web sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these Web sites before providing personally identifiable information.
Questions
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Quad City Animal Welfare Center at (309) 787-6830.For more information, please contact QCAWC: 724 W. 2nd Ave., Milan, IL 61264. Thank you for visiting our site.
Thanks for signing up!
Keep in Touch
Sign Up
QCAWC Adoption & Education Center
724 2nd Ave. W. Milan, IL 61264
(309) 787-6830
QCAWC Spay/Neuter & Wellness Clinic
612 1st St. W. Milan, IL 61264
(309) 787-6830
QCAWC Southpark Mall Adoption Center
4500 16th St Moline, IL 61265
309-787-6830
Who We Are
Contact Us
Job Opportunities
History
Board Members
Staff
Copyright ©2020, QCAWC. All rights reserved.
Animal Shelter Website Design
By
terrostar®
Sitemap
| Privacy
Donate