http://www.floridalawteam.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyFloridaLawTeam.com is owned and operated by Drucker Law Offices (referred to as “Drucker Law Offices”, “we”, “us”, or “our” herein). By using this site, you agree to these terms of use stated below. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use or access this site. The following policy governs the manner in which Drucker Law Offices collects and uses information gathered from users of this (each, a “User”) site.
PRIVACY
Users’ privacy is extremely important to Drucker Law Offices and we are committed to safeguarding the information you entrust to us. Drucker Law Offices will not disclose information about customers or users without express permission unless the release of said information is required by government subpoena.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Drucker Law Offices may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. Drucker Law Offices may also collect information about how Users interact with our website . This information is obtained through analysis of server logs and through the use of “cookies” placed on user machines. A cookie is a record that a Web server can store on your computer in order to identify the User should they visit the same website again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our website.
INFORMATION USAGE
Drucker Law Offices may use personally identifiable information collected through our website to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Drucker Law Offices and its trusted affiliates. Drucker Law Offices may also use information collected through our website for research regarding the effectiveness of the website and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of Drucker Law Offices, and its trusted affiliates.
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
Drucker Law Offices will not disclose information about customers or users without express permission unless the release of said information is required by a Drucker Law Offices trusted affiliate to facilitate action requested by the client, or is required by government subpoena. However, we may transfer information collected from Users in connection with a sale of Drucker Law Offices’s business.
REMARKETING
Drucker Law Offices also uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including Google Adwords, Facebook and Twitter tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN). As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service. Perfect Audience provides an easy way to allow users to opt-out on their Opt Out page.
DOUBLECLICK
We use Google Analytics remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
MATERIALS USE
No material from the site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posed, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your non-commercial use only, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of the Drucker Law Offices copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. Except as otherwise indicated on this site and except for the trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies that are displayed on this site, all trademarks, service marks and trade names are property of Drucker Law Offices.
DISCLAIMER
Drucker Law Offices shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this site, or your reliance on any information provided at this site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you “as is” without warrantee of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Drucker Law Offices does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Drucker Law Offices does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Drucker Law Offices) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Drucker Law Offices be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if Drucker Law Offices or a Drucker Law Offices authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Drucker Law Offices have any liability to you for damages, losses and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) for accessing this site.
OTHER
All claims, disputes or disagreements which may arise out of the interpretation, performance or in any way relating to your use of this site and any and all other Drucker Law Offices site(s), shall be submitted exclusively to the jurisdiction of the State or federal courts located in the Palm Beach County of the State of Florida.
Drucker Law Offices also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Drucker Law Offices may use anything you transmit or post for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting.
Please contact us with any questions regarding the Drucker Law Offices privacy policy by email info@floridalawteam.com
Free Case Evaluation
If you were injured in an accident, contact us! We are available 24/7.
SEND US YOUR CASE
Our Practice AreasCar Accidents
Premises Liability
Wrongful Death
Product Liability Cases
Bicycle Accidents
Work-place Accidents
Construction Site Injuries
Rollover & Tire Defects
Ship & Boating Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
Truck Accidents
Accidents with Drunk Drivers
SUV Vehicle Rollovers
Bus Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Work-place Accidents
Construction Accidents
Scaffold Accidents
Tire Defects
Cruise Ship Injuries
Injuries to Children
Slip & Fall
Trip & Fall
Apartment Complex Accidents
Taxi Cab Accidents
Limousines Accidents
Moped Accidents
Supermarket Slip & Fall
Uber and Lyft Accidents
Our OfficesBoca Raton
Boynton Beach
Coral Springs
West Palm Beach
Miami
Lake Worth
Pembroke Pines
Wellington
West Kendall