http://www.nabihq.org/en-us/privacy_policy/
About UsAdminAssociate MembersCons And ScamsContact UsDonateElder ExploitationLaw Enforcement MembersLinksMembersNABI ApplicationNABI StorePrivacy PolicySeminars, Training, And ConferencesTerms And ConditionsPrivacy Policy Home
Privacy Policy Home
1. Purpose of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the policies of NABI with respect to the collection of personally identifiable information from the Web site to which this policy is linked.
The Web site to which this policy applies operates under the URL "http://www.nabihq.org/." California residents have the right to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities, and in compliance with California law, this policy explains how you can opt out of having your information shared for such purposes.
2. Information To Which This Privacy Policy Does Not Apply
This privacy policy only applies to the Web site operating under the URL "http://www.nabihq.org/" (and the underlying pages that operate under that primary URL) to which this policy is linked. Any information you provide when you a visit Web site other than that covered by this policy is subject to the privacy policies posted on those Websites. This policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline.
3. What is Personally Identifiable Information
"Personally identifiable information" is information that we can use to identify you as an individual. Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, telephone number, and any other information that is connected with you personally.
4. Collection of Personal Information
NABI endeavors to maintain the security and integrity of personal information that we obtain from our users. We do not disclose personal information to any outside party except as disclosed in this policy.
5. About IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. NABI collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report anonymous aggregate information to third parties. When guests request pages from NABI, our servers log the users' IP addresses.
6. Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a Website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. They allow a Website to remember you and allows for the personalization of Web pages. The use of cookies is an industry standard; you'll find them on most major Websites. NABI sometimes uses cookies to understand our users better and to track information for them.
We utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards), and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information and not to use your personally identifiable information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them;
We need to protect our legal rights;
We must comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal or regulatory process; or
In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Web sites to which this policy applies.
7. Links to Other Sites
You should be aware that when you are on NABI you might be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. Every site on the Web has a different privacy policy and different policies regarding your personal information. The privacy policies and the practices of sites outside of NABI and all of its services are beyond our control. It is your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policies of any and all Websites you visit on the Internet These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up on the net.
8. Security
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. Although security on the Internet can never be guaranteed, we endeavor to exercise great care in providing secure transmission of our users' personal information from their computers to our servers by utilizing encryption software.
9. Children's Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) does not allow the collection of any personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent. In compliance with COPPA, NABI does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13.
10. Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your assent to the NABI privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. We reserve the right to change these terms at any time without notice. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes. You can send e-mail to us with any further questions.
11. Contacting Us
This policy was last reviewed on October 16, 2016.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with it, you can contact: info@nabihq.org.
P.O. Box 620087, Oviedo, FL 32762-0087Fax 407-366-0576, email inquiries: inquiry@nabihq.org
Powered by Sacoiwa
Copyright © 2005-2020 The National Association of Bunco Investigators, Inc.All rights reserved worldwide.
Login
UsernamePlease use only lower case a-z, 0-9, @, period and underscore.Password
Always log me in on this computer.