https://www.euratlas.net/conditions.html
Euratlas Home>
Conditions of Use
Become a member and get access to larger maps by subscribing to Euratlas-Info.
About
Privacy
Site Map
Contact
Conditions of Use
Historical Maps
History of Europe
Middle East History
Roma
Geography Maps
Europe Atlas
World Atlas
Antique Maps
Antique Cartography
Lesage Atlas 1808
Peutinger Map
Europe Photos
Countries of Europe
Time Pictures
Euratlas Shop
Member's Area
Euratlas Conditions of Use
Cartographic Design
Discover 20 centuries of historyThe online Euratlas Shop sells historical cartography programs and maps. You will find here educational software like historical atlases and digital resources for students, teachers, genealogists, scholars, journalists or graphic designers.
Secure online payment by credit card or normal payment by check or bank transfer.
Conditions
Welcome to the Euratlas websites. If you visit or shop the Euratlas websites, you accept these conditions.
Privacy
Please review our
Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to Euratlas, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit Euratlas or send messages to us, you are communicating with us electronically. Thus you consent to receive electronic communications from us. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All material included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Euratlas and protected by Swiss and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
Euratlas, euratlas.com, euratlas.org, euratlas.eu, euratlas.info and euratlas.net are registered trademarks and domain names of Euratlas-Nüssli in Switzerland and other countries. All images, pictures, logos, page headers and graphics are property of Euratlas-Nüssli and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Euratlas, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Euratlas. All other trademarks not owned by Euratlas-Nüssli
that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Website Navigation
Euratlas grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except when mentioned on a page. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Euratlas-Nüssli. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to a page of euratlas.com or euratlas.net. You may not use any euratlas logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express permission.
Reviews and Comments
Visitors may post reviews, comments and submit suggestions, ideas or questions so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or contain software viruses, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." Euratlas reserves the right to remove or edit such content. Euratlas has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
Copyright Complaints
Euratlas shop respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please inform us.
Disclaimer
This site is provided by Euratlas-Nüssli on an "as is" and "as available" basis. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your risk. Euratlas-Nüssli will not be liable for any damages arising from the use of this site.
Applicable Law
By visiting the Euratlas websites, you agree that the Swiss laws, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and euratlas shop.
Court
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Euratlas websites or to purchased products shall be submitted to the court having jurisdiction at Yverdon-les-Bains, Switzerland.
Site Policies
Please review our policies which are governing your visit to euratlas shop. We reserve the right to make changes to our site at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid or void that condition not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
Contact
Euratlas - 2001-2014