http://www.ziplandinteractive.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Therapy Resources
For Parents
For Professional
Blog
Video
About Us
Buy
Download
demo
Earthquake in Zipland Screenshots
Testimonials
FAQ
Contact
technical-support
Navigation
Privacy policy
Thank you for visiting Zipland Interactive Online. www.ziplandinteractive.com is committed to protecting and safeguarding consumer privacy on the Internet. We’ve developed our privacy policy from industry guidelines and standards, and local, national, and international laws and requirements. The following summary outlines our strong commitment to protect your privacy.
What information we gather and track:
We at Zipland Interactive respect your desire to protect personal information. This page tells you what sort of information we may ask you for, and in what situations.
When visitors come to our web site, we collect and aggregate information (with the assistance of cookies) indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which (if any) web site referred the visitor. Collecting this information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the Web site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor’s ISP and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
We will not specifically collect any personally identifiable information about you (that is, your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily, such as by filling in an Order form or Feedback form, or by sending e-mail to us.
Tracking Web page visits gives us an idea of which parts of our site people are browsing and how long they spend there. This shows us which are the more popular and less popular parts of the site, and helps us to focus our activities in developing and improving the site further. Similarly, knowing the types of browsers and operating systems being used by our visitors helps us to make sure that we cater for as many people as possible when modifying or rebuilding our web site.
We request personal information when you place an order, register a product, request a service, answer a survey, enter a contest, correspond with us or engage in certain other activities on our website.
You make all decisions regarding whether or not to proceed with any activity that requests personal information. However, please note that if you do not wish to provide the requested information, you may not be able to complete the transaction.
Zipland Interactive retains the services of outside contractors to provide services for us. They may be used to distribute products, provide technical support, or handle order processing. Contractors must keep the personal information of customers secure and confidential, and use personal information only on behalf of Zipland Interactive.
Please be advised that we may disclose your personal information if legally required to do so by government agencies or law enforcement bodies.
Security:
We have taken security measures, consistent with international information practices, to protect your personal information. These measures include technical and procedural steps to protect your data from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, alteration, or destruction.
Statistical information:
We may track domain names, IP addresses, and browser types from people who visit our site. We use this information to produce traffic statistics for the www.ziplandinteractive.com site. Such information is not correlated with any personal information.
Privacy policy of other companies:
The Zipland Interactive site contain links to site of companies with whom we have a relationship. Zipland Interactive is not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners. We encourage you to read their privacy statements, as they may differ from ours.
Payment issues:
All payments done on the site are done through Element5, please review their privacy policy at http://www.element5.com/ .
Non-confidential information:
Please remember that information you submit in the forum is public information and will not be treated as confidential. Such information can be collected and used by others. Please be careful and responsible when you are online.
Limited use license:
Subject to the condition described below, Zipland Interactive grants you the non exclusive, nontransferable, limited right and license to use the site for your personal use and/or research only.
www.ziplandinteractive.com is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties.
All rights are reserved by Zipland Interactive. Your license to use www.ziplandinteractive.com confers no title or ownership in Zipland Interactive and should not be construed as a sale of any rights in Zipland Interactive.
Limitation on damages:
In no event will Zipland Interactive be responsible in any way whatsoever for the manner in which grown ups as well as children would select to use the Program and www.ziplandinteractive.com. In order to remove any doubt, it is stated herein under unequivocally, that the Program and www.ziplandinteractive.com does not constitute a treatment nor an alternative treatment. It is meant solely to provide an opportunity, and/or enabling communication between a grown up person and/or a child and/or a therapist and, moreover, supplying an opportunity to the child to express his feelings.
In no event will Zipland Interactive be liable for special, incidental or consequential damages resulting from possession, use or malfunction of the Program and www.ziplandinteractive.com, including damages to property, loss of goodwill, computer failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law, damages for personal injuries, even if Zipland has been advised of the possibility of such damages, Zipland’s liability shall not exceed the actual price paid for the license to use this program. Some states/countries do not allow limitations on how ling an implied warranty lasts and/or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation and/or exclusion or limitations of liability may not apply to you.
Use of this website, and information distributed in conjunction with this website, including without limitation the zi-ltd.com E-Mail Update Service, is offered to you on your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access or use our information, services, or website. We suggest you print a copy of this document for your records.
Ziplandinteractive.com shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effectively immediately following the posting of such changes on this website. The most recent version of these Terms of Use may always be found at http://www.ziplandinteractive.com. You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this website following changes to these Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes.
Miscellaneous:
If any provision of the above is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make if enforceable and the remaining provision of the agreement shall not be affected. This policy shall be construed under Israeli law and you give full consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of.
Contact information:
If you have any question concerning you may contact Zipland Interactive at Melchet 19 st. Tel Aviv, 972 502958040 or at our web site
Zipland Shop
Free Demo Click here to learn more about the Earthquake in Zipland Demo.
Recent Posts
Divorce Game for Mediation
SupportGames: A Child’s Best Interest
Divorce may be inevitable, but children with resilient personalities do well
When Parents Divorce, Children Feel The Pain
The Power in Choosing Love: The Deal on Remarriage and Stepfamilies
Categories
All Child Divorce Articles
Child Custody and Visitation
Children and Divorce
Divorce and Counseling
Divorce and Legal Issues
Divorce and Mediation
Divorce and the Family Pet
Divorce and the Holidays
Divorce Articles
Divorce for Dads
Divorce in the Family
Explaining Divorce to your Child
Grandparents and Divorce
Life After Divorce
Post-Divorce Parenting
Remarriage and Stepfamilies
Single Parenting
Thinking About Divorce
Uncategorized
Search
Find us on Facebook
Testimonials
"This is a wonderful tool for parents and children as well as for therapists. Creative, imaginative and lots of fun! A must-have for families going through divorce!
~ Cloe Madanes, author of Strategic Family Therapy
Thank you again. My son has ADHD and has a very hard time talking and voicing how he feels. This game is wonderful.
~ Jessica (contact information available)
By the end of the game, the child is empowered, helped to understand the parents motivations and given hope for the future and his/her own ability to develop loving relationships despite personal experience.
~ Judy Siegel-Itzkovich, Reporter for The Jerusalem Post
Read More Testimonials
In The Press
Recent Articles
Divorce Game for Mediation
SupportGames: A Child’s Best Interest
Divorce may be inevitable, but children with resilient personalities do well
When Parents Divorce, Children Feel The Pain
The Power in Choosing Love: The Deal on Remarriage and Stepfamilies
7 Ways to Beat Depression After a Divorce
Study Finds Children Aren’t Distressed When Parents Argue and Solve Conflict
Grandparents’ Role During Divorce
Activities For Helping Children Deal With Divorce
Digital Solutions Developed to Support Divorced Families
Links
Chaya Harash, Clinic
Darn Divorce
Your Child – Your Divorce
Home | About Us | Divorce Parenting | Helping Professions | Shop
Free Demo | Testimonials | Video Gallery | Support
Contact |
Privacy Policy | FAQ  | Site Map