https://www.virginiatrappists.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Monastic Life
Gallery
History
Holy Cross Abbey
Cistercian Order
Property and Battlefield
FAQs
Videos
Take Part
Pray with us
Visit
Service Times
Directions
Vocation
Lay Members
Vocation
Retreat House
Testimonials
Cemetery
Overview
Stones
Rules Overview
Pricing
Store
Gift Shop / Porter’s Cottage
Bakery Products
Webstore
Updates
News
Liturgy
Abbot’s Lectio Post
Contact
Holy Cross Abbey has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to ensuring your privacy. The following discloses information regarding our practices for gathering and disseminating information from the www.virginiatrappists.org (Holy Cross Abbey) web site.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your personal settings. Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive by a web server that often contain information that identifies you as a unique user. www.virginiatrappists.org does not read cookies placed on your computer by other sites.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites. Holy Cross Abbey is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Personal Information
Our site uses a database to store visitor information. We collect a visitor’s contact information, including: name and title; email address; physical (street, city, state, zip code) address; credit card number, expiration and security code; phone number; fax number; and other information relevant to customer/visitor surveys and/or offers.
What We do with Your Personal Information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our facilities, products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new offers, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to any other party (e.g., their address, e-mail address). Contact information is used to send information about Holy Cross Abbey to our visitors. The visitor’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
In addition to the circumstances described above, we may disclose your information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authorities, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable, including (without limitation) when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.
Mailing List Removal
To request removal from Holy Cross Abbey mailing and e-mail lists please contact us at: information@hcava.org.
Your Consent
By using the www.virginiatrappists.org web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Holy Cross Abbey (www.virginiatrappists.org). If Holy Cross Abbey decides to change its privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contacting Holy Cross Abbey
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site please contact: information@hcava.org.
ShareClick to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)Documentary Trailer
Watch the full-length documentary on the videos page.
More Video
Support Us with a Donation
Contact Us
Newsletter Signup
Like our Facebook page
Like our Facebook page
Holy Cross Abbey
901 Cool Spring Lane
Berryville, Virginia 22611-2700
Phone: (540) 955-4383
FacebookYouTube
Quicklinks
Cemetery
Retreats
Directions
Links
Contact
Privacy Policy
Get Involved
Pray with us
Visit
Vocation
Support Us
Copyright © Holy Cross Abbey - All Rights Reserved
Website Development and Management by MarketSpark
Maintenance Log
-  Webmail
-  Admin