http://www.mechsol.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Contact Us
Products
VibVue
Sentry
Services
Testing
Field Testing & Troubleshooting
Field Performance Testing
Lab Testing
Analysis
CFD
FEA
Design Assessment
Rotordynamics
Product Development
Turbomachinery Development
Machinery Auto Diagnostics
High Speed Video & 3D Spatial Tracking
Foil Bearings Development
Applications
Machinery & Systems
Industries
Oil & Gas
Water & Wastewater
Power Generation
Other Industries Served
Resources
Case Studies
Technical Documents
Blog
About MSI
Our Approach
Team
Locations
Careers
Mechanical Solutions, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for www.mechsol.com
September 20, 2019
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.mechsol.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at +1 (973) 326-9920 or via email at info@mechsol.com.
MSI solves difficult or urgent vibration, dynamics, or performance problems in critical rotating machinery and systems. MSI’s right-first-time, high-value solutions and clear reports are based on a 25-year track record of reliably solving the problem.
About MSI
About
Locations
Careers
Contact Us
Recent Blogs
Simulating Transient Dynamic Events
ODS, Video and Modal:  Great Techniques That Work Well Together
Subscribe
Subscribe to the MSI Blog
Copyright © 2020 Mechanical Solutions. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy