http://www.votesolar.org/terms-use/
Read this Terms of Use Agreement before accessing website.
Effective Date: This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on May 15, 2016.
This Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) sets forth the standards of use of Vote Solar Online Services (“Services”) and related online services provided by Vote Solar. By using the Vote Solar website you (the “Member”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at  www.votesolar.com. Your continued use of the Services after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
Vote Solar is providing Member with education and information for renewable and solar energy, and related topics. Member must provide (1) all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Member’s access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees related with such connection.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The site is provided by Vote Solar on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Vote Solar makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this website in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Vote Solar shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. Vote Solar disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable in such jurisdictions.
Limitation of Liability
VOTE SOLAR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR VOTE SOLAR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WEB SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF VOTE SOLAR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS.
Indemnification
Member agrees to indemnify and hold Vote Solar, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
Modifications and Interruption to Service
Vote Solar reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Member. Vote Solar shall not be liable to Member or any third party should Vote Solar exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that Vote Solar does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
Third-Party Sites
Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information
Specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors, Partners, or collected from publicly available sources. Vote Solar can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
Vote Solar makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor or Partner and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.
Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of California
Our website is operated and provided in the State of California. As such, we are subject to the laws of the State of California, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of California. All disputes will be resolved in the courts of California, as well as under the laws of California.
Compliance with Laws.
Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2016-2020 Vote Solar with all rights reserved, or is the property of Vote Solar and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Vote Solar, or unless explicitly stated is strictly prohibited. Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Vote Solar.