http://www.nccfoundation.org/privacy-statement
Home
Who We Are
Mission
Board & Committees
Staff
Annual Report
Financials
History
Footprints Award
FAQs
Our Funds
Donors
Engaging Donors
Become a Donor
Ways to Give
Bequests
Membership
Privacy Statement
Year-End Giving
Holiday Online Giving
Memorials
Build a Legacy
Grants
Apply for a Grant
Community Impact
BICEP
Service Learning Mini-Grants
Grant Recipients
Resources
Legacy Campaign
Our Community
Professional Advisors
News
Latest News
Newsletters
NCCF Flapjack Breakfast & Basket Raffle Fundraser
News Archive
Programs
Scholarships Home
Bloom Project
Local Economic Development Initiative
About
LED News Articles
2019 Annual Summit
2018 May Summit
2017 May Summit
2016 May Summit
Donate
Donors
Engaging Donors
Become a Donor
Ways to Give
Bequests
Membership
Privacy Statement
Year-End Giving
Holiday Online Giving
Memorials
Build a Legacy
Privacy PolicyIt is the policy at the Northern Chautauqua Community Foundation that all personal information, including names, postal addresses, phone numbers and email addresses are private and confidential.  Accordingly, we maintain physical, electronic and organizational safeguards to protect donor information.  The information we collect includes the personal information provided during our personal meetings, phone conversations, correspondence and other communications. Non-public information is not shared without donor consent.  Public mailings including personal information about donors’ funds for promotional purposes are cleared with the donor before printing and distribution to the public.When browsing the NCCF web site, the public does so anonymously.  We do not collect personal information, such as email addresses or IP addresses (the internet address of your computer).  Those signing up to receive information via the NCCF website voluntarily give us their names, e-mail addresses, home or business addresses, telephone and fax numbers and other information. This information is kept strictly confidential in a secure environment. The NCCF is strongly committed to our donors and their privacy.  If you would like clarification regarding our Privacy Policy, or have questions or concerns, please contact Diane Hannum at 716-366-4892 or nccf@nccfoundation.org.
Get in touch with us:info@nccfoundation.org212 Lake Shore Drive WestDunkirk, NY 14048Phone: 716-366-4892Fax: 716-366-3905