http://www.regionalfoodbank.org/terms
TERMS OF SERVICE
Welcome to the web site ("Site") for the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma.
ACCESS TO THE SITE
BY ACCESSING, BROWSING AND/OR USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE ("TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE"), INCLUDING THE PRIVACY POLICY ("PRIVACY POLICY") , (COLLECTIVELY, THE "TERMS") AND TO COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE U.S. LAWS AND REGULATIONS. If you do not or cannot agree to the Terms, do not use the Site or any of the services offered through the Site. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to update, revise, supplement and to otherwise modify these Terms, and to impose new or additional terms and conditions on your use of the Site from time to time. Such updates, revisions, supplements, modifications and additional rules, polices, terms and conditions (collectively referred to in these Terms as "Additional Terms") will be effective immediately and incorporated into these Terms upon notice thereof, which may be given by any reasonable means including by posting to the Site. Your continued viewing or use of the Site following such notice will be deemed to conclusively indicate your acceptance of any and all such Additional Terms.
ACCEPTABLE USE OF THE SITE
In order to use the Site, you must obtain access to the Internet and pay any and all service fees associated with such access.
Individual Use. You agree that you are only authorized to visit, view and to retain a single copy of pages of the Site for your own internal use and not for any commercially-related purposes or in a manner that in any way suggests a connection, affiliation or any type of relationship between Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma and you or an entity related to you. You also agree that you will not duplicate, download, publish, modify or otherwise distribute any material on the Site for any purpose other than for your own internal use unless otherwise specifically authorized by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma in writing. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma posts legal notices and various credits on pages of the Site, which may not be removed even in your permitted copies. Do not remove these notices or credits, or any additional information contained along with the notices and credits.
Deep Links; Linking. You agree not to "deep-link" to the Site, meaning that you will not create, post, display, publish or distribute any link to any page other than the front (home) page of the Site for any purpose, unless specifically authorized by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma in writing to do so. If you do want to link to the Site in any manner, please contact the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma Webmaster at www.regionalfoodbank.org to seek approval.
Framing. You agree not to create any frames at any other web sites pertaining to or using any of the content located at the Site for any purpose, unless specifically authorized by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma in writing to do so.
Security, Cracking and Hacking. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site. Accordingly, you agree not to: (i) access data or materials not intended for you; (ii) log into a server or account which you are not authorized to access; (iii) attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; or (iv) attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding", "mailbombing" or "crashing" the Site. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma reserves the right to investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who have participated in such violations. You understand that data and communications, including e-mail and other electronic communications, may be accessed by unauthorized third parties when communicated over the Internet.
You Are Responsible For All of Your Activities and All of The Content You Post or Submit . You represent and warrant that any information and/or material you post or provide to Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma by means of the Site, including, without limitation, as part of any registration or subscription or to gain access to or use any services offered on the Site ("Submissions"), is truthful, accurate, not misleading, not confidential property of others, not in violation of any other third party's rights and offered in good faith. You agree NOT to use the Site for or in connection with any of the following activities: (i) transmitting or relaying spam, spoofing or otherwise impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your identity or affiliation in any way; (ii) using the Site for any fraudulent or illegal purpose; (iii) e-mailing, uploading, or otherwise transmitting or using the Site in furtherance of the use, distribution or transmission of any unlawful, harassing, defamatory, tortious, libelous, sexually explicit, obscene, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind; and (iv) transmitting material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines or engines that are intended to damage, destroy, disrupt or otherwise impair a computer's functionality or the operation of the Site.
Do Not Violate Third Party Intellectual Property Rights . Without limiting the foregoing, you may not, and by using the Site you agree not to, use the Site to: (i) transmit or post any Submissions that are copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have obtained the permission of the copyright owner to transmit it; (ii) transmit or post any Submissions that reveal trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner to so transmit them; or (iii) transmit or post any Submissions that infringe on any Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) of others or violates the privacy or rights of publicity of others. Furthermore, unless otherwise expressly provided, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) all Submissions will become property of Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma; (b) Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma has the right to publish the Submissions for any type of use including for promotional and advertising purposes, in accordance with the terms set forth in the Privacy Policy, without compensation to you of any kind; (c) any Submissions that you submit to any part of the Site are non-confidential for all purposes; and (d) that if you make any such Submission, you automatically grant, represent and warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide exclusive license to use the Submissions in any manner, media or form now known or hereafter developed. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma shall have the right to sublicense its rights. The term "Intellectual Property Rights" means collectively, rights under patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, and any other intellectual property or proprietary rights recognized in any country or jurisdiction worldwide including, without limitation, moral rights and similar rights.
Ownership. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma puts a lot of content on the Site for you to examine from time to time including, without limitation, text, graphics, photographs, pictures, drawings, animation, audio, video, literature and any other material distributed by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma on, through or in connection with the Site. Moreover, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma attempts to display the content in a way that will be easily accessible and useful for you, the user. All content and materials on the Site including, without limitation, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software included in the Site and any services offered on the Site, are the property of Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma, its sponsors or business affiliates, and/or their respective licensors, and are subject to U.S. and international Intellectual Property Rights laws. The compilation of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma or its licensors and is subject to U.S. and international copyright laws. Except to the minimum extent otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying or exploitation of material from the Site is permitted except expressly in accordance with these Terms or with the express written permission of Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma and any other applicable copyright owner. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by virtue of downloading copyrighted material from the Site. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are expressly reserved to Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma.
Spidering. THE USE OF ANY TOOLS, PROGRAMS, ROBOTIC ALGORITHMS OR PRODUCTS TO AUTOMATICALLY DOWNLOAD OR "SPIDER" THE SITE OR ANY OF THE PAGES OF THE SITE INFRINGES ON REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA AND/OR ITS LICENSORS' INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. DO NOT USE ANY SUCH TOOLS OR PRODUCTS ON OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
THE CONTENT, SERVICES, INFORMATION AND ACCESS TO THE SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY PART OF THE SITE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE AND ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, CONTINUOUS OR ERROR-FREE. REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE IN TERMS OF ITS QUALITY, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU SHOULD THEREFORE VERIFY ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE SITE BEFORE ACTING ON IT.
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED, REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, CONTENT, AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR MERCHANDISE FOUND ON THIRD PARTY SITES THAT LINK TO OR FROM THE SITE. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR PRODUCT OR SERVICE ORDERING FUNCTIONS, ORDER FULFILLMENT OR COMPLIANCE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WITH ANY MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTIES OR SPECIFICATIONS. REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR THE MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIRD PARTY SITES AND/OR RELATED SERVICES NOR DOES Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU MIGHT BE REQUESTED TO GIVE TO THIRD PARTY SITES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FURTHEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA'S NEGLIGENCE, SHALL REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY AND/OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, ANY CONTENT AND/OR ANY RELATED SOFTWARE, EVEN IF REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA OR AN AUTHORIZED REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS, IN THE EVENT THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION, OR ANY PART OF THIS SECTION, SHALL BE HELD INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION, IN NO EVENT SHALL REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA 'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU, OR ANYONE CLAIMING BY OR THROUGH YOU, FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES, CLAIMS AND/OR CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma and its sponsors, business affiliates, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, from and against any and all damages, claims and actions brought by you or any third party resulting from your use of the Site in violation of these Terms or the infringement by you of any Intellectual Property Rights of any person or entity.
GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION
The laws of the State of Oklahoma (excluding any principles of conflicts of laws) govern your use of the Site, the services and these Terms. You agree that the parties shall settle any claim or dispute relating to these Terms by binding arbitration in Chicago, Oklahoma under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these Terms shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these Terms, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. NOTWITHSTANDING THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH ABOVE, FOR ANY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, RELATED SERVICES, YOU AGREE AND HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF THE APPROPRIATE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN OKLAHOMA COUNTY, OKLAHOMA, U.S.A.
WAIVER AND SEVERABILITY
Furthermore, no delay or omission by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma to exercise any right or any noncompliance on your part with respect to the Terms shall impair any such right or be construed to be a waiver by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction, provided, however, if such invalid or unenforceable provision may be modified so as to be valid and enforceable as a matter of law, such provision will be deemed to have been modified so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.
CONTRACT ELECTRONICALLY
You agree that the Terms, combined with your act of using the Site and/or the services offered on or through the Site have the same legal force and effect as a written contract with your written signature and satisfy any laws that require a writing or signature, including any applicable Statute of Frauds. You further agree that you shall not challenge the validity, enforceability or admissibility of the Terms on the grounds that it was electronically transmitted or authorized. In addition, you acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to print the Terms.
Feed OK App Terms of Service
User Agreement / Terms of Use
This User Agreement / Terms of Use (the “Agreement” or Terms”) is a contract between you (“you”, “your”,  “donor”, or “user”) and Regional Food Bank a 501(c)(3) Nonprofit Corporation (“FeedOK”, the “Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), and applies to use of the FeedOK mobile application, website, and all related products and services (collectively, the “FeedOK Services”).
You may use the FeedOK Services only if you can form a binding contract with us and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these terms on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so. If you cannot confirm the foregoing, then you must not accept these terms of use and may not use the site, the application or services. You may use the services only in compliance with these terms of use and all applicable laws and regulations.
We may amend or modify this Agreement at any time by posting via the FeedOK Services or e-mail to you, and the revised Agreement shall be effective at such time. We may modify or discontinue any portion of the FeedOK Services, and/or suspend or terminate your access to the FeedOK Services at any time without notice to you. You automatically agree to the terms of affiliated third parties including Stripe, Plaid and Bstow, Inc.. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification or termination of the FeedOK Services, and/or suspension or termination of your access to the FeedOK Services.
DEFINITIONS
“Donor” or “End User” means any person who ultimately uses or is intended to ultimately use the FeedOK Platform.
“Organization”, “Charity”, or “Donee” means any beneficiary organization listed on the FeedOK Services to which donors can make financial contributions.
“Donation”, “Transaction”, “Financial Contribution”, or “Contribution” means any action which results in a financial contribution being made to a selected organization by a donor.
“Content” means the end products of consulting, coordinating and creative services including concepting, design, copywriting and rich media. All products of these services, also referred to as Content; including assets, files, presentations, renderings and intellectual property originated by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma is the property of the organization.
“Stripe” means Stripe, a provider of payment processing services.
“Plaid” means Plaid Technologies, Inc., a provider of bank account authentication, identity validation, and payment detail and account balance capture services which support ACH transfers.
“Spare Change”, “Round Up” or “Round Ups” means the amount of money donated based on the difference between an organic merchant credit or debit card charge and a full dollar amount of credit card or debit card charge selected by the Donor.  For example, where the merchant’s credit or debit card charge for an item is $23.25, the Donor has directed the Service to round up to the nearest five dollars and donate the difference, the Round-Up is $1.75. Another example is where the merchant’s credit or debit card for an item is $11.22, the Donor has directed the Service to round up to the nearest dollar and donate the difference, the Round Up is $0.88.
“Platform” means a technology or online service domain including but not limited to mobile and web applications, websites, and all related products and/or services
“IRS” means Internal Revenue Service
Donations
Your donation is managed by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma, a 501(c)(3) public charity, EIN 42-1589809. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma (“FeedOK”) makes every reasonable effort to respect the wishes of its donors. However, to comply with federal tax laws and Internal Revenue Service regulations, FeedOK must retain the exclusive authority, discretion, and legal control over all donated funds. In the rare event that the charity you have advised does not satisfy FeedOK criteria or otherwise enable FeedOK to disburse your donation(s) (reasons for this include issues like: they do not or cannot accept donations, are not recognized by the IRS as a public charity, or are not in good standing with federal or state regulators, etc.), FeedOK may select an alternate nonprofit organization to receive the donation or have the donation allocated to a fund maintained by FeedOK and used solely for charitable purposes, including, but not limited to, mission-based activities and grants.
FeedOK distributions to or for the benefit of your advised charity and/or purpose must not be used for the personal benefit of you, or any other donor advisor, or any other purpose conferring impermissible private benefit.
Donor Contribution Disclaimer
We use data from 4 different data sources to verify the good standing of all beneficiary organizations listed on the FeedOK Platform. Those sources are:
1. PandaSearch Database
2. IRS Exempt Organizations Business Master File Extract (EO BMF): a list of organizations recognized as exempt by the IRS
3. IRS Publication 78: Exempt Organizations Select Check Database
4. Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), in compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act.
Although we make a good faith effort to verify each organization listed on the FeedOK Services is eligible to receive tax-deductible contributions, we do not guarantee, whether explicit or implied, the exempt status of any organization listed on the FeedOK Services to federal income tax or their eligibility  to receive tax-deductible contributions. The verification of an organization’s eligibility to receive tax-deductible contributions and the determination of the extent to which your contribution(s) is deductible is fully the responsibility of you, the donor. We highly advise that you, as a donor, consult an attorney, accountant, and/or financial advisor before making any donation. Any donation made on the FeedOK Services is done so at your own risk.
FeedOK is not responsible for understanding or verifying how your money will be used by the charity. You are fully responsible for understanding such information prior to making a donation. We are not obligated to verify the accuracy of any information provided or posted by the charity, and we assume no responsibility to verify if your donation will be used in accordance with any fundraising purpose, or if any funds raised are used in accordance with any applicable laws.
Receipt of Charitable Donation
FeedOK shall make a receipt of your charitable donations accessible to you so that you may be able to substantiate, as required by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, your charitable contributions for federal income tax purposes. While FeedOK will use its commercially reasonable best effort to provide the appropriate documentation for your contribution to qualify as a tax deduction, FeedOK does not represent, warrant, or guarantee that you will receive such documentation or that the IRS will ultimately recognize your contribution as being tax deductible.
Permitted Uses by Organization Administrators
Any User who creates an account and receives financial contributions through the FeedOK Services is subject to the following specific terms.
By enrolling your Organization and raising funds through the FeedOK Services, you, as an organization administrator, represent and warrant that: (i) you are an authorized representative of the organization with the authority to solicit donations for the organization and are not impersonating any entity or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with an entity; (ii) any contributions collected through FeedOK Services will be used solely as described or implied in the materials or information you post or otherwise provide through FeedOK Services; (iii) all information you provide through FeedOK Services is complete, accurate, and is not designed to mislead, defraud, or deceive any user; (iv) you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations when you use the FeedOK Services and solicit funds through FeedOK Services; (v) the organization or charity you represent has and will maintain tax-exempt status under Section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code; (vi) if you do not have tax-exempt status at the time of your account creation, you must disclose to FeedOK Services, in an express written statement (in a conspicuous and easily recognizable format) that contributions to your organization are not deductible for federal income tax purposes as charitable contributions according to Section 6113 of the Internal Revenue Code. (vii) if you receive notice that your tax-exempt status has been revoked and you, the organization administrator, have previously created an account on FeedOK Services, you are subject to the requirements in section (vi) above. You must provide FeedOK Services with an express written statement as described in section (vi) above within 14 days of your notice of revocation. You may send such written statement to support@cheerfulgiving.com so long as it is sent from your organization’s official email domain and is accurately signed with your name, job title, and telephone number included.
Agreement with Respect to Terms of Use
These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement between the Company and you. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time by going to www.regionalfoodbank.org/terms. Additional terms, including without limitation those set forth in the Agreements, may govern your use of certain Web pages within the Site or sections within the Application. In the event that any provision, term or guideline contained on a particular Web page in the Site or section of the Application conflicts with these Terms of Use, the terms of such Web page or section shall control over these Terms of Use. You acknowledge that you have read these Terms of Use, and accept, understand and will be bound by such terms and conditions. You further acknowledge that these Terms and Conditions, together with the Privacy Policy and terms governing any individual Web page or Application feature, represent the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between us and supersede any proposal or prior agreement oral or written, and any other communications between us relating to your access or use of the Site, the Application and/or Services.
Registration
Certain features or services offered on or through the Platform may require you to open an account and set up a profile, providing certain personally-identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, your social security number or other tax identification number, your address, your email address, your phone number, information about your charitable giving and charity preferences (collectively, your “Client information”), and personal credit card, debit card, and bank account information (collectively, your “Payment information”). We reserve the right to restrict certain areas of information on the Site and Application to such registered users. You agree that you will maintain and promptly update your Client Information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect such, we reserve the right to terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site and/or the Application by you. You agree that you are authorized to provide your selected bank account details and use funds to contribute to charities and pay necessary processing fees to enable transactions through the Application. We are committed to your privacy, and our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”), the terms of which are incorporated herein, explains the policies put in place and used by us to protect your Client Information and your privacy as you visit and use the Site and/or Application and use our Services. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member name and password. You are solely responsible for any activity that takes place on your account, and you agree to notify us immediately if you suspect or know of any unauthorized use of your member name, password, or account. The Company will not be responsible for any losses arising out of the unauthorized use of your account and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its managing members, officers, equity holders, employees, partners, parents, subsidiaries, agents, affiliates, and licensors (collectively, “Affiliates”), as applicable, for any improper, unauthorized or illegal uses of your account and as otherwise set forth in these Terms of Use.
Processing Fee
You expressly authorize Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma to collect a processing fee for carrying out its services, defined as a 0% processing fee on donations made via the Platform to Organizations that have supplied authorized direct deposit information. If an Organization has not supplied direct deposit information, FeedOK will collect a 0% processing fee to carry out the work of administering your donation. The processing fee shall not necessarily qualify charitable deduction. Fees are subject to change.
Power of Attorney
For as long as you are using the FeedOK Services, you give to Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma (“Attorney-in-Fact”) a limited power of attorney and appoint Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma as your true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for you and in your name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (a) use any credit cards in your name which you have provided to Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma and which you have selected to be used by the FeedOK Services, Site and/or Application; (b) make deposits and withdrawals from any banking, savings, or brokerage accounts in your name including certificates of deposit, which you have provided to FeedOK and which you have selected to be used by the FeedOK Services, Site and/or Application; (c) allow Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma’s employees or independent contractors to review the information you have provided to FeedOK for its assistance in legal, tax, bookkeeping, financial, and housekeeping matters; and (d) make contributions and/or charitable gifts on your behalf using processes deemed most appropriate by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma, including but not limited to escrowing of funds meant for contribution and use of disbursement companies and payment gateways to deliver funds in a timely fashion, all as described above, with the full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection with the FeedOK Service, as fully to all intents and purposes as you might or could do in person. Once Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma has actual knowledge that you wish to cease using the FeedOK Service as provided in this Agreement or as otherwise permitted in this Agreement and has a reasonable opportunity to act on such knowledge, this limited power of attorney is automatically revoked; provided, however, that any act done by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma in good faith before it has actual knowledge of termination by you shall be deemed to be authorized by you. To notify Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma that you wish to discontinue using the FeedOK Service, you may send us an email as provided in this Agreement.
This limited power of attorney is given in compliance with the requirements of 12 Del. C. $ 49A-101 et.seq.. This limited power of attorney is given primarily for a business or commercial purpose and is given to facilitate a specified transfer or disposition of one or more assets, whether real, personal, tangible or intangible in accordance with 12 Del. C. $ 49A-103(a)(1) and (7).
You hereby revoke all prior Powers of Attorney that you may have previously executed to the extent that they contradict or nullify powers granted in this agreement (except for those for health care matters) and you retain the right to amend or revoke this Power of Attorney and to substitute other attorneys in place of the Attorney-in-Fact appointed herein by closing your account with FeedOK and deleting the Application from your mobile device.
The authority of your Attorney-In-Fact shall terminate if you become disabled or incapacitated once you or your personal representative, as applicable, provides actual notice to Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma that this Power of Attorney is to be terminated. Notwithstanding the above, any act done by Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma in good faith before it has actual knowledge of your death or incapacity shall be deemed to be authorized by you.
This Power of Attorney shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Oklahoma. The powers granted to the Attorney-in-Fact shall stay in effect for either the principal’s entire life or until revoked by the principal (whichever occurs first).
This Power of Attorney is effective immediately upon registration with the FeedOK Services, Site and/or Application. By using the FeedOK Services, Site and/or Application, you agree to all terms and that you have entered into this agreement with appropriate number of witnesses according to laws of the state in which you reside and/or use the FeedOK Services, Site and/or Application.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA IS ACCESSING AND RETRIEVING INFORMATION FROM THE FeedOK SERVICES, SITE, AND/OR APP, REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA IS ACTING AS YOUR AGENT. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN FEEDOK MAKES WITHDRAWALS OR DEPOSITS FROM ANY BANKING ACCOUNT, SAVINGS ACCOUNT, BROKERAGE ACCOUNT, CREDIT CARD, DEBIT CARD OR OTHER SIMILAR ACCOUNT WHICH YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO FEEDOK, REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA IS ACTING AS YOUR AGENT. YOU AGREE THAT REGIONAL FOOD BANK OF OKLAHOMA, ITS AFFILIATES AND PARTNERS SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RELY UPON THE FOREGOING AUTHORIZATION, AGENCY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY GRANTED BY YOU.
Links to Other Sites
The Site, Application and FeedOK Services contain links to other independent third-party websites, and we provide links to third-party websites as part of the FeedOK Services (in all cases “Linked Sites”). We are not responsible for and do not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any products, information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. Some of the content served by us will be from merchant sites, and sales through these sites may generate a commission payable to us.
Permitted Donor Uses
Subject to the provisions in these Terms of Use, you may use the Site and Application for non-commercial purposes to: (i) learn about the FeedOK Services; (ii) learn about charities and (iii) enter into the Agreement; (iv) open an account to participate in the FeedOK Services by tracking contributions (v) select an Organization to receive a contribution or receive aggregate Round Ups each month; (vi) transfer money to a selected charity or selected charities on a recurring basis; (vii) use an escrow service to hold funds until scheduled transfers to disbursement company or until funds meant for a specific charity are equal to at least $100; (viii) use a third-party disbursement company to make a best-effort attempt to distribute contributions to your selected charity; (ix) access statements and confirmations regarding transactions in connection with disbursement to your selected charity; (x) access and print or download copies of the current version of these Terms of Use, the Agreements, and other documentation relating to the FeedOK Services; and (xi) make such other use of the FeedOK Services, Site and Application as we may expressly permit from time to time in furtherance of the objectives and growth of the FeedOK Services. Subject to these Terms of Use, we hereby grant you a personal, nontransferable, nonexclusive, non-sublicensable license to use the user interface of the Site, the Application and their respective Content and Services in accordance with these Terms of Use, and for no other purpose. All rights, title and interest in to the user interface and Content, including any software, on or through the Site and Application shall belong to us or our Licensors and Suppliers, including all modifications thereof and enhancements thereto. The Content and user interface made available from, on or through the Site or Application may not be copied, modified, republished, assigned, sold or distributed to you, nor may derivative works be prepared therefrom. The license granted to you pursuant to these Terms of Use is solely for your personal use (but not for resale or redistribution) as a user of the FeedOK Services, Site or Application and may not be used for any other purposes. You shall not reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise translate, in any way, the Content and user interface made available from, on or through the Site or Application. You have no right or claim of right to the Content or any unique ideas found on the FeedOK Services, Site or Application. No ownership rights are granted to you hereunder and no title is transferred hereby.
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma Donor Services
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma authorizes its users to use our interactive platform to search, research, explore, and discover charities, to track and access your historical contributions (including one-time, recurring, and Round Up donations) made to selected charities, and to make financial contributions (via our third party payment gateway outside of the Application) to organizations listed on the FeedOK Platform. Commercially reasonable best efforts will be made to send your contributions to the charity you specify within the FeedOK Platform, and will be sent to a similar charity if contributions cannot be sent to your specific charity for any reason.
We are always working on new ways to improve our Services. We reserve the right to modify or change our Site, the Application or any of the Services, temporarily or permanently, with or without notice to you, and we are not obligated to support or update the Site, the Application or any Services. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party in the event that we exercise our right to modify, change or discontinue the Site, the Application or any Services.
Prohibited Uses
You may not use the FeedOK Site, Application or Services for any illegal or unlawful or malicious activities, or for activities that we deem improper for any reason whatsoever in our sole judgment, including, without limitation, the laundering of proceeds of any unlawful activity, the financing of terrorism, the commission of fraud or market manipulation, the harassing or making of disparaging comments to any user of the FeedOK Services, Site or Application. We reserve the right to take preventive or corrective actions to protect ourselves and our users. We reserve the right to disallow contributions to any charity if we determine the legality of their operations (as it relates to IRC 501(c)) is in question, their exempt status has been revoked, or if they will not accept contributions through the FeedOK Services. We make a good faith effort to only allow contributions to charities approved by the IRS and which maintain their status as a 501(c)(3) on a quarterly basis.  If an organization is no longer a 501(c)(3) or does not accept contributions, we will send the contributions to a similar organization that is eligible or use for charitable purposes aligned with our charter. Types of organizations to which we allow contributions are subject to change. Your use of the Site, the Application and FeedOK Services is conditioned in part on your compliance with the rules of conduct provided herein, and your failure to comply may result in termination of your access to and use of the Site, the Application and FeedOK Services and liability for damages caused by your noncompliance. In addition to the foregoing, while using the Site, the Application and FeedOK Services, you may not, except as may be expressly set forth above under “Permitted Uses” (a) impersonate any person or entity, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, or use or provide any fraudulent, misleading or inaccurate information; (b) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, intimidate, bully, threaten or otherwise violate the rights of others, including without limitation others’ privacy rights or rights of publicity; (c) access or use (or attempt to access or use) another user’s account without permission, or solicit another user’s login information; (d) transmit any software or materials that contain any viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, or other items of a destructive nature; (e) modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site, Application or FeedOK Services ; (f) “frame” or “mirror” any portion of the Site, Application or FeedOK Services ; (g) use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site, Application or Services; (h) harvest or collect information about or from other users of the Site, Application or Services; (i) use the Site, Application or FeedOK Services for any illegal activity; (j) probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the FeedOK Services, Site or Application, or breach the security or authentication measures on the FeedOK Services, Site or Application or take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the FeedOK Services, Site or Application, including without limitation a denial of service attack; (k) send or otherwise post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam); (l) engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme; (m) post content that is hateful, threatening or pornographic, incites violence, or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence; (n) access or use any portion of the Content if you are a direct or indirect competitor of the Company, or provide, disclose or transmit any portion of the Content to any direct or indirect competitor of the Company; (o) use or distribute any Content, including Content that has been verified or confirmed by you or anyone else, to directly or indirectly create or contribute to the development of any database or product; or (p) facilitate or encourage any violations of this Section. Outside of charitable rewards provided to donors and Organizations for the purpose of encouraging generosity, the FeedOK Platform shall not be used for quid pro quo arrangements whereby goods and/or services are provided in consideration of charitable gifts.
Your Warranties
The FeedOK Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without any representation or warranty, whether express, implied or statutory. FeedOK specifically disclaims any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted, or secure access to any part of the FeedOK Services, and operation of the FeedOK Services may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma will make reasonable efforts to ensure the timely processing of the FeedOK Services, but Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma makes no representations or warranties regarding the amount of time needed to complete processing because the FeedOK Services are dependent upon many factors outside of our control, such as delays in the banking system, internet, mobile devices, electronic communications, and disbursement systems. We are not responsible for any delays, delivery failures or other damages resulting from such problems. We do not guarantee the Site, the Application or Services will be operable at all times. We reserve the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, Application and FeedOK Services, or any portion of the Site, Application or FeedOK Services, (2) to modify or change the Site, Application or FeedOK Services, or any portion of the Site, Application or FeedOK Services, and any applicable policies or terms (except as described in the Privacy Policy); and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, Application and/or provision of FeedOK Services, or any portion of the Site, Application or FeedOK Services, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
Your reliance upon the information available on the Site or Application or located through utilization of the FeedOK Services and your interactions with third users identified through the FeedOK Services is solely at your own risk. Your interactions with other users or advertisers, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and the other person or entity, and you agree that we will not be responsible for any loss or damages incurred as the result of any such dealing or with respect to any other person’s or entity’s use or disclosure of your personally identifiable information. If there is a dispute between you and any third party, we are under no obligation to become involved, and you agree that you will manage any such dispute or disagreement directly, and that you will not make any claims against us with respect to products or services purchased through your use of the FeedOK Services.
Limitation of Remedies
In no event shall the company be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages or any damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Site, the Application or related Services, the provision of or failure to provide the FeedOK Services, or for any content, software, products and services made available or obtained through the Site, the Application, or their respective content, or otherwise arising out of the use or access of the Site, use of the Application or use of the FeedOK Services, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if the company has been advised of the possibility of damages, any services or content made available or obtained through the use of the Site or the Application, and all other use of the Site or Application, is done at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results therefrom.
If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Site, the Application or their respective content, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site and uninstall the Application.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma, its affiliates, Service Providers, and each other their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees, independent contractors and representatives, harmless from any claim or demand (including attorneys’ fees and any fines, fees, or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority) arising out of or related to: (a) your breach of this Agreement, (b) your use of the FeedOK Services, or (c) your violation of any law, rule or regulation, or the rights of any third party.
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma without regard to conflicts of laws and principles. Access or use of the Site and/or Application is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma’s performance under these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Use is in derogation of our right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your access or use of the Site and/or Application or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.
The term of these Terms of Use will continue for as long as we allow you access to and use of the FeedOK Services. Sections titled “Power of Attorney,” “Processing Fee,” “Content and Materials”, “Warranties, Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability,” “Applicable Law and Jurisdiction,” “Interpretation,” and “Indemnification,” and this Section shall survive any termination or expiration of these Terms of Use.
We prefer that you contact us by email at support@cheerfulgiving.com.
MORE ABOUT THIS EVENT >
CONTINUE TO OUR SITE x