http://www.myfloridalegal.com/pages.nsf/Main/C2471F37AFF3738585256CC70008F264
skip to content
FAQs |
Contact |
Meet the Attorney General
Ashley Moody, Attorney General of Florida
About Ashley Moody
Official Photo
About the Office
Departments
Programs
Services
AG Opinions
Antitrust
Civil Litigation
Consumer Protection
Criminal Appeals
Medicaid Fraud
Solicitor General
Statewide Prosecution
Criminal Justice Programs
National Conference on Preventing Crime
Seniors v. Crime
State Institution Claims Program
Crime and Fraud
eDiscovery & Litigation Support
Identity Theft
Lemon Law
Open Government
Victims Advocacy
In the News
News Releases
Week In Review
Contact Us
e-Service
File A Complaint
General Inquiries
Media Contact
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Florida Office of the Attorney General's website.
Your privacy is very important to us. Our policy is to not collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit our website, the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site, but does not record this information or otherwise result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.
Our website does gather information about the volume and timing of access to our site by collecting information on the date, time and website pages accessed by visitors to our website. This information is only collected to improve the content and overall user experience of our website. Individual visitors' personal information is not identified.
If you choose to provide information in a feedback form, conference registration form or other form on this site, unless specifically exempted by Florida Statutes, such information is a public record under Florida's Government in the Sunshine Laws and available for public inspection upon demand.
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses provided to state agencies are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, please do not submit your e-mail address here.
Instead, contact our office by phone or in writing for further assistance.
If you have other questions about our website's privacy policies, please contact us at 850-414-3990.
Search:
Quick Links
File a Complaint Open Government Biennial Rule Review e - Service
Consumer Protection AG Opinions Employment Internship
News Releasesview all
OAG Releases 3rd Interim Report of 20th Sta...
Restitution Secured for Victims of Timeshar...
AG Moody Leads Action to End Facebook’s Mo...
Avoid COVID-19 Vaccine and Distribution Scams
Attorney General Moody Secures Millions for...
Stay Connected
Read Attorney General Moody's Week In Review
Provide your email address below to receive the Attorney General's Week In Review featuring the latest news and updates on top issues.
Florida Toll Free Numbers:
- Fraud Hotline 1-866-966-7226
- Lemon Law 1-800-321-5366
Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Copyright © 2011 State of Florida