http://www.f22fighter.com/legal/privacy.htm
»
Search the Web
Search WWW
Search this site
»
Advertisements:
_
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of F22Fighter.com.
Cookies:
F22Fighter.com uses cookies on rare occasions to allow users
to log into special areas of the site and use some features such
as the F22 Fighter.com Forums.
Information Collection and
Use:
F22Fighter.com reserves the right
to use and non-personal data given through the website.  We
will not distribute personal data to third parties without your
prior consent.  We may replicate non-personal data at our
discretion.
We may use your email, contact
information, and other information for contacting you.  By
submitting information through our website, you agree to allow us
to contact you.  We will not subscribe you to mailing lists
without your prior consent.
Your IP address may be recorded
on certain areas of the site from time to time.  It will not
be distributed to third parties.  The uses of your IP address
include, but are not limited to, monitoring user activity on the
site and for security purposes (such as to reserve the right to
ban inappropriate forum users).
Public Forums and Interaction
This site provides forums,
question boards, profiles, etc. to its visitors and/or members.
Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas
becomes public information. You should exercise caution when
deciding to disclose your personal information.  Information
posted by the user on these sources is not our responsibility.
When submitting to these forums,
we may record your IP address in a log file to keep track
of member use.
Third Parties
F22 Fighter contains many links
to other Web sites. F22Fighter is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such Web sites. F22Fighter does not
share any of the individual personal information you provide
F22Fighter with the sites to which F22Fighter links, although
F22Fighter may share aggregate data with such Web sites (such as
how many people use our Site).We can be reached via
our contact form.
F22Fighter.com
reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
Any amendments or changes to this policy will be posted
here.  Use of this website constitutes agreement to this
policy.
Go To Top