http://www.gilariver.org/index.php/misc/privacy-policy
Misc.
Misc. >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction:Gila River Indian Community has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our residents, visitors, and customers, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that visitors to our website may have questions about whether and how this website collects and uses information. We have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern Gila River Indian Community and associate websites.
This statement contains numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. The bottom line is that the needs and expectations of our customers form the foundation of everything we do - including protecting your privacy.
Browsing: We have not configured this website to collect any personal information from your computer when browsing this site. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personal information, we will not know your name, your email address, or any other information identifiable to you.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address:An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer every time you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our site, our servers log the user's current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to any personal information about you.
Cookies:Our website uses "cookie" technology. "Cookies" are encrypted strings of text that a website stores on a user's computer. A cookie may be used to:
recognize return visitors;
allow registered users to login without typing their login name each time;
"remember" the purchases you place in the "shopping basket" for that visit;
customize the appearance of our website based on your preferences;
store and recall user preferences and identify which of our web pages are most useful for our visitors;
measure usage of our site and the various pages on the site; and
provide functionality and content that we believe would be of interest and value to you.
The type of cookies that we use are referred to as "persistent" cookies because they remain on a user's computer hard drive until they are deleted by the user. We do not use cookies to gather information concerning your visits to other sites, nor ascertain any personal information about you apart from your dealings with Gila River Indian Community and your history with Gila River Indian Community. Cookies do not corrupt or damage your computer or computer files.
If you do not wish to receive these cookies, you may set your browser to reject the cookies (consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this), although doing so may affect your ability to perform certain transactions on our website.
Information Needed to Execute the Transaction You Request:When we need to collect information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to register for an event, we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, email address, etc. We might use your information to contact you for help to process the registration.
We may also ask you to fill out an online customer survey, to obtain your suggestions or comments about your use of Gila River Indian Community services, or for similar purposes. Providing this information is voluntary and it is used only for the purpose for which the information was collected and is not used for direct marketing or shared with other companies.
Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information:When applicable, your information is transferred using a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) connection provided you are using an SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Firefox. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. This secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer.
You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock icon in the lower right-hand or left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position. In addition, when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." After information reaches Gila River Indian Community it is stored on a secure server that resides behind a firewall that is designed to block access from outside the Company.
E-mail:It is our intention to only send you email communications that will be useful to you and that you want to receive. When you register on a Gila River Indian Community website and provide your email address, we may occasionally contact you via email and provide information about news, products or offerings that may be of interest to you.
If you would prefer not to receive such emails, you have the opportunity to opt-out of future emails from Gila River Indian Community.
Gila River Indian Community Use of Information:We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our company's security procedures and strict corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our government and business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements. Information is generally processed and stored in the United States.
The personal information you provide to us may be made available to other Gila River Indian Community entities. The information you provide may be used by us for communication or direct marketing of a Gila River Indian Community entity. Gila River Indian Community may use the services of a third party for email or direct mail.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties:Gila River Indian Community prohibits the sale or transfer of personal information to entities outside of the Gila River Indian Community government and family of companies for their use without your approval and giving you the opportunity to opt-out.
Links to Other Sites:If you choose to leave this Gila River Indian Community site via links to other non-Gila River Indian Community sites, including those of advertisers, Gila River Indian Community is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of those sites, nor is Gila River Indian Community responsible for the cookies those sites use.
Legal Issues:This is a United States website and is subject to United States law. Gila River Indian Community will disclose personal information without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Gila River Indian Community residents, visitors, associates, or property (including this site), or to others.
Gila River Indian Community Privacy Statement Changes:In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for Gila River Indian Community. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
How to Contact Us:If you have any questions about this privacy statement or privacy concerns please send an email toInfo@GilaRiver.org
ABOUT THE TRIBE
300 B.C. to Today >
DISCOVER OUR CULTURE
A Proud Heritage >