http://www.caat.org.uk/about/terms-and-conditions
Search for something
Submit search query
Search
Challenges
Expand dropdown
The Arms Trade
Government support
Who buys UK arms?
Arms companies
Arms fairs
Militarism
Policing
Borders
Alternatives
Expand dropdown
Jobs and the economy
Rethinking security
Arms to renewables
Mythbusting
Take action
Expand dropdown
Campaign with us
Take part near you
Keep in touch
Expand dropdown
Email updates
CAAT News magazine
Media
Donate
Expand dropdown
TREAT
Legacies
Homepage
About CAAT
News
Events
Resources
Terms of useAcceptable Usage PolicyPrivacy PolicyCookie policyAccessibility statement
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By Using Our Site You Accept These Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully and ensure that you understand them before using Our Site. These Terms and Conditions, together with any other documents referred to herein (unless otherwise stated), set out the terms of use governing your use of this website, https://caat.org.uk (“Our Site”). It is recommended that you print a copy of these Terms and Conditions for your future reference.
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on 23 September 2020.
Your agreement to comply with these Terms and Conditions is indicated by your use of Our Site. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
The following documents also apply to your use of Our Site:
Our Privacy Policy, available at https://caat.org.uk/privacy-policy/. This is also referred to below in Part 16.
Our Cookie Policy, available at https://caat.org.uk/cookie-policy/. This is also referred to below in Part 16.
Our Acceptable Usage Policy, available at https://caat.org.uk/acceptable-usage-policy/. This is also referred to below in Parts 3, 8, and 13.
Definitions and Interpretation
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Contact Tools”
means any online communications facility that We make available on Our Site enabling you to contact Us including, but not limited to, contact forms and live chat;
“Content”
means any and all text, images, audio, video, scripts, code, software, databases, and any other form of information capable of being stored on a computer that appears on, or forms part of, Our Site; and
“We/Us/Our”
means Campaign Against Arms Trade.
Information About Us
Our Site is operated by Campaign Against Arms Trade. We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 08818199. Our address is Unit 4 5-7 Wells Terrace, London, London, N4 3JU.
We are a member of the National Council for Voluntary Organisations and an Associate Member of Co-operatives UK.
How to Contact Us and Your Use of Our Contact Tools
To contact Us by email, please email Us at enquiries@caat.org.uk or to contact us by telephone, please call Us on +44 (0)20 7281 0297.
We provide the following Contact Tools for you to contact Us:
Contact form: https://caat.org.uk/about-caat/contact-us/
When using Our Contact Tools or contacting Us by any other means, Our Acceptable Usage Policy, available at https://caat.org.uk/acceptable-usage-policy/, applies.
We may monitor any and all communications made using Our Contact Tools.
Any personal information sent to Us, whether via Our Contact Tools or otherwise (including, but not limited to, your name and contact details) will be collected, used, and held in accordance with your rights and Our obligations under data protection law, as set out in Our Privacy Policy, available from https://caat.org.uk/privacy-policy/.
Access to Our Site
Access to Our Site and Content is free of charge.
It is your responsibility to make the arrangements necessary in order to access Our Site.
Access to Our Site is provided on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. We may suspend or discontinue Our Site (or any part of it) at any time. We do not guarantee that Our Site will always be available or that access to it will be uninterrupted.
Changes to Our Site
We may alter and update Our Site (or any part of it) at any time.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We may alter these Terms and Conditions at any time. If We do so, details of the changes will be highlighted at the top of this page. As explained above, your use of Our Site constitutes your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. Consequently, any changes made to these Terms and Conditions will apply to your use of Our Site the first time you use it after the changes have been implemented. You are therefore advised to check this page every time you use Our Site.
If any part of the current version of these Terms and Conditions conflicts with any previous version(s), the current version shall prevail unless We explicitly state otherwise.
How You May Use Our Site and Content (Intellectual Property Rights)
All Content included on Our Site and the copyright and other intellectual property rights in that Content belongs to or has been licensed by Us, unless specifically labelled otherwise. All Content is protected by applicable United Kingdom and international intellectual property laws and treaties.
Where possible, content on Our Site is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
You may access, view, and use Our Site in a web browser (including any web browsing capability built into other types of software or app) and you may download Our Site (or any part of it) for caching (this usually occurs automatically).
You may print copies and download extracts of any page(s) from Our Site.
You may download and save any Content from Our Site where We clearly indicate that it is available for download.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions limits or excludes the provisions of Chapter III of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, ‘Acts Permitted in Relation to Copyright Works’, which provides exceptions allowing certain uses of copyright material including (but not limited to) non-commercial research and private study; text and data mining for non-commercial research; criticism, review, and reporting current events; teaching; accessibility; time-shifting; and parody, caricature, and pastiche. Further information is available from the UK Intellectual Property Office.
Links to Our Site
You may not link to Our Site from another website the main content of which does not comply with the content standards set out in Our Acceptable Usage Policy, available at https://caat.org.uk/acceptable-usage-policy/.
Links to Other Sites
Links to other websites may be included on Our Site. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under Our control. We accept no responsibility or liability for the content of third-party websites.
The inclusion of a link to another website on Our Site is for information purposes only and does not imply any endorsement of that website or of its owners, operators, or any other parties involved with it.
Disclaimers
Nothing on Our Site constitutes professional advice on which you should rely. It is provided for general information purposes only.
To the extent permitted by law, We make reasonable efforts to ensure that the Content on Our Site is complete, accurate, and up to date, but We make no warranties, representations, or guarantees (express or implied) that this will always be the case.
If you are a business user, We exclude all implied representations, warranties, conditions, and other terms that may apply to Our Site and Content.
Our Liability
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes or restricts Our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, for death or personal injury resulting from negligence, or for any other forms of liability which cannot be lawfully excluded or restricted.
If you are a business user (i.e. you are using Our Site in the course of business or for commercial purposes), to the fullest extent permissible by law, We accept no liability for any loss or damage, whether foreseeable or otherwise, in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with the use of (or inability to use) Our Site or the use of or reliance upon any Content included on Our Site.
If you are a business user, We accept no liability for loss of profit, sales, business, or revenue; loss of business opportunity, goodwill, or reputation; loss of anticipated savings; business interruption; or for any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
Our Site is intended for non-commercial use only. If you are a consumer, you agree that you will not use Our Site for any commercial or business purposes and that We shall have no liability to you for any business losses as set out above.
Viruses, Malware, and Security
We exercise reasonable skill and care to ensure that Our Site is secure and free from viruses and malware; however, We do not guarantee that this is the case.
You are responsible for protecting your hardware, software, data, and other material from viruses, malware, and other internet security risks.
You must not deliberately introduce viruses or other malware, or any other material which is malicious or technologically harmful either to or via Our Site.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to any part of Our Site, the server on which Our Site is stored, or any other server, computer, or database connected to Our Site.
You must not attack Our Site by means of a denial of service attack, a distributed denial of service attack, or by any other means.
By breaching the provisions of Parts 12.3 to 12.5, you may be committing a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Any and all such breaches will be reported to the relevant law enforcement authorities and We will cooperate fully with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. Your right to use Our Site will cease immediately in the event of such a breach.
Acceptable Usage of Our Site
In addition to these Terms and Conditions, Our Acceptable Usage Policy, available at https://caat.org.uk/acceptable-usage-policy/, also applies to your use of Our Site.
You may only use Our Site in a lawful manner:
You must ensure that you comply fully with any and all local, national, or international laws and regulations that apply;
You must not use Our site in any way, or for any purpose, that is unlawful or fraudulent; and
You must not use Our Site to knowingly send, upload, or in any other way transmit data that contains any form of virus or other malware or any other code designed to adversely affect computer hardware, software, or data of any kind.
If you fail to comply with the provisions of this Part 13 and/or Our Acceptable Usage Policy, you will be in breach of these Terms and Conditions. We may take one or more of the following actions in response:
Suspend or terminate your right to use Our Site;
Issue you with a written warning;
Take legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of any and all relevant costs on an indemnity basis resulting from your breach;
Take further legal action against you, as appropriate;
Disclose such information to law enforcement authorities as required or as We deem reasonably necessary; and/or
Any other actions which We deem reasonably appropriate (and lawful).
We hereby exclude any and all liability arising out of any actions that We may take (including, but not limited to those set out above in Part 13.3) in response to your breach.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We will only use your personal information as set out in Our Privacy Policy, available from https://caat.org.uk/privacy-policy/ and Our Cookie Policy, available from https://caat.org.uk/cookie-policy/.
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions, and the relationship between you and Us (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.
If you are a consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law in your country of residence. Nothing in Part 15.1 takes away from or reduces your legal rights as a consumer.
If you are a consumer, any dispute, controversy, proceedings, or claim between you and Us relating to these Terms and Conditions or to the relationship between you and Us (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England, Wales, Scotland, or Northern Ireland, as determined by your residency.
If you are a business user, any dispute, controversy, proceedings, or claim between you and Us relating to these Terms and Conditions or to the relationship between you and Us (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
CAAT would not exist without its supporters. Each new supporter helps us strengthen our call for an end to the international arms trade.
Keep in touch