http://www.nabou.com/global/privacy
Privacy
Statement
Nabou.com,
Inc.
has
created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment
to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination
practices for the NABOU Network of Sites, which include the
Web sites:
www.nabou.com , www.mxdpi.com
, www.ebooks3.com
, www.terrorismfiles.org
, www.barfliers.com , www.garmentcare.info and www.wmofa.com.
Information
Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server
and to administer our Web site. Our use is to provide us with actual daily
hits and statistics of visitors. Also to provide us with the origin of those
visitors i.e. referral website if applicable.
Third
Party AdvertisingWe allow
third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information
when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally
identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time
and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your
visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about
goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies
typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this
type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Third
Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
Registration
Forms
Our
site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(like their name, email, and postal address), and unique identifiers (like
their social security number).
Contact information
from the registration forms is used to ship purchases, information about
our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get
in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out
of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Unique identifiers
(such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors
for use as account numbers in our record system.
External
Links
This
site contains links to other sites. Nabou.com, Inc. is
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special
Relationships
We
do not share any information collected by us with any other company or
organization. This site has affiliates that may collect information from
banners displayed on this site. Nabou.com, Inc. is not
responsible for this information.
Children's
Guidelines
We
care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs.
Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect,
use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information
without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give
the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts,
or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly
post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without
prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable
parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact
information (such as email) to:
Respond directly
to the child's request on a one-time basis and not use that information
to re-contact the child for other purposes.
Request the
name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of
obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more
than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in
the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not
used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our
best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include
the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent
to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice
the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate
in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide
the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable
information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the
parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally
identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any
personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide
notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable
information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide
any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage
children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information
online.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site
provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing
information from us by contacting us (info on how below).
Data
Quality/Access
This
site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided by contacting us.
Contacting
the Web Site
If you
have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us here.