http://www.michiganhumane.org/terms-of-use/
Facebook
Twitter
0 Items
HOME
ADOPT A PET
VET CARE
PROGRAMS AND SERVICES
SUPPORT MICHIGAN HUMANE
SHOP
GET INVOLVED
REPORT CRUELTY
BLOG
ABOUT MICHIGAN HUMANE
CAREERS
Terms of Use
<Back to About Us
Acceptance Of Terms Of Use Your use of Michigan Humane® website (http://www.michiganhumane.org/, http://www.goodindog.org/, http://www.shop-michiganhumane.org/ and http://www.shopmichiganhumane.org/) (the “website”) is contingent upon your acceptance of and compliance with the following Terms of Use. By using Michigan Humane’s website you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to these terms. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, please do not access or use any of the website.
Use Of Material On This Site Michigan Humane owns and maintains their website for your personal and educational purposes. The website also contains an online store with ordering capabilities.  You must be 18 years of age or older to place an order with the Michigan Humane online store. All materials on the website, including artwork, photographs, maps, data, text, trademarks, service marks, and logos, are, unless otherwise noted, the exclusive property of Michigan Humane and are copyrighted. No portion of the website may be copied, downloaded, reproduced, reused, distributed, transmitted, or modified for any purpose without the Michigan Humane’s express written permission. For more information, or for reprint permission, please see our reprint/reproduction policy. Any unauthorized use may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, or other applicable laws.
Comment Policy Content posted to the (Teamraiser) user end, community fundraising page(s) on our website by our users is not guaranteed by us as to accuracy, completeness, or usefulness, and we do not endorse any content posted by our users. It is the responsibility of our website users to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any content available through our (Teamraiser) user end, community fundraising page(s).
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise make available on our (Teamraiser) user end, community fundraising page(s) any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right. You agree and acknowledge that you have the burden of determining whether any material is or is not protected by copyright. By submitting material, you grant (or warrant that the owner of such material has expressly granted to Michigan Humane) the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such material. You also permit any other user of the (Teamraiser) user end, community fundraising page(s) to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that user’s personal use. You grant Michigan Humane the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any material made available to us by you.
Michigan Humane has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content posted on our (Teamraiser) user end, community fundraising page(s) to determine compliance with our Terms of Use (above) and/or to satisfy any law, regulation or government request. Michigan Humane has the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on our (Teamraiser) user end, community fundraising page(s) including, but not limited to, material that is unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, graphic, or otherwise objectionable.
If you believe your content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, we have a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of users who infringe the rights of copyright holders if you provide our Copyright Agent with the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 512:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Copyright Agent (Marketing Dept.) 30300 Telegraph Road Suite 220 Bingham Farms, MI 48025
Phone: (248) 283-1000 Fax: (248) 283-5700  Email: mail@michiganhumane.org
Limitation Of Liability The website is provided to you “as is” without any warranties of any kind, express or implied. Michigan Humane expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to goods and services sold on or through the website.  By using the website you agree to bear all risk associated with the use of these website and agree to hold harmless the Michigan Humane, its officers, directors, employees, volunteers and agents from all claims arising out of or related to your use of, or inability to use, the websites to which they are linked. You agree to be solely liable for any damage resulting from a submission to the website by you. You further agree that Michigan Humane or the contributors of information to the website will not be liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by you in reliance on such information.
Information contained on the Michigan Humane website, as well as advice received through the telephone and email services provided by the Michigan Humane Behavior Help Line or by anyone associated with the Michigan Humane, is not provided as professional or legal advice on specific situations. Michigan Humane cannot accept any responsibility for any injury or damage that you may cause yourself, your pet, or property when using any information or following any advice provided by Michigan Humane through its website, email or telephone services. Michigan Humane has no control over your use of the information and advice provided by Michigan Humane. All information and materials provided to you, including information and advice offered through the Michigan Humane website or the Behavior Help Line’s email or telephone services, is provided without any warranty, express or implied, as to its effect and completeness.  Such information and advice should be used as a guide and modified to meet the specific needs of your pet. Please use the materials and information at your own risk, and only in combination with professional advice. By receiving such information and materials from Michigan Humane through its website or the Behavior Help Line’s email or telephone services, you agree to bear all risk associated with the use of such information and materials and agree to hold harmless Michigan Humane, its officers, directors, employees, volunteers and agents from all claims arising out of or related to your use of, or inability to use, the information or materials received from Michigan Humane.
Indemnification By using the website and all their contents, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Michigan Humane harmless from any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the website. Your use of the website constitutes an agreement between you and Michigan Humane. This agreement, which consists of the terms and conditions set forth herein, shall be governed by, construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to any conflict of law provisions.  You acknowledge and consent to jurisdiction in Michigan. Any action in connection with, relating to and/or arising from this agreement shall be brought exclusively in Southfield, Michigan, in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or Michigan Humane. You may terminate this agreement at any time by discontinuing use of the website.  Michigan Humane may also terminate this agreement at any time without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the website, if in Michigan Humane’s sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use. Possible evidence of use of any of the website for illegal purposes may be provided by Michigan Humane to law enforcement authorities in the discretion of Michigan Humane. This is the entire agreement between the parties related to the use of the website.
Linking These terms and conditions apply only to the website. In addition to our own website, we provide links to other third party websites that are not under Michigan Humane’s control. Michigan Humane is not responsible for the terms and conditions, privacy practices or the content of any website linked to from the website. You acknowledge that when you leave the website and access a linked site you do so at your own risk and that Michigan Humane does not endorse any linked website.
ModificationsMichigan Humane reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time by posting such change here. Your continued use of these websites after such change is made constitutes acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the Terms and Use as modified.
Copyright Notice © 2020. Michigan Humane. All Rights Reserved. Last Revised: July 26, 2020
Mission and Goals
History
Privacy and Policies
Locations and Hours
Take $10 OFF your next dog or cat adoption with this coupon
Get the coupon
0
0
Your Cart
Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop
Continue Shopping