https://www.tantranova.com/cookies-policy/
Home > Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
What are “Cookies”?
Cookies are small text files used by websites and stored on your devices, with your consent, that remember your registered login, help you resume where your last browsing session left off, display pages correctly, and keep track of your preferences within the website.
A visit to a page on our website may generate the following types of cookies:
Registration cookies - These let us know which account you are signed in with and whether or not you are allowed access to a particular service, and they help us associate any comments you post with your username.
Site performance cookies - This is how we remember your preferences for the tools found on our website so you don’t have to reset them each time you visit our site.
Anonymous analytics cookies - These tell us whether or not someone has visited our site in the past so we can track the number of site users and how often they visit for statistics. Note that these cookies can’t be used to identify any individual.
Advertising cookies - We use these to target our advertisement more accurately by telling us whether or not you have seen our ad and how long it is since you have seen it. These cookies store information about what you are looking at on our site, not your personal information.
How to accept, reject or turn off cookies
You can accept or reject cookies on our website via the pop-up cookies banner on our homepage or by emailing us at [email protected].
If you would like to turn off cookies from all the websites you visit, you can do so via your browser’s settings. However, the websites you visit will not be able to tell whether you are signed in if cookies are turned off, which means you will not be able to post comments or access certain parts of the website.
Follow the links below to learn about all of your browser's Cookies settings:
Cookies settings in Chrome
Cookies settings in Firefox
Cookies settings in Safari and iOS
Cookies settings in Internet Explorer
How to turn off third-party advertising cookies
Some of the advertisements you see on a website are added by other organizations anonymously to track who has viewed their ad.
The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), a leading self-regulatory association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising, lets you opt out of third-party advertisements.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Unless you've selected "Allow", our website will deactivate the cookies session by default.AllowRead more