http://www.cmalliance.org/privacy
Looking for Hope?
Find Us
Contact Us
Sign In
Home
About Us
Ministries
Articles & Videos
Events
Resources
MyCMA
Give
Serve
Pray
Privacy Policy of The Christian and Missionary Alliance
The Christian and Missionary Alliance operates the www.cmalliance.org website, which provides the service.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if anyone decided to use our service, The Christian and Missionary Alliance website.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at www.cmalliance.org, unless otherwise defined here. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template and the Terms and Conditions Template.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called log data. This log data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data that are commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these "cookies" to collect information and improve our service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our service
To provide the service on our behalf
To perform service-related services
To assist us in analyzing how our service is used
We want to inform our service users that these third parties have access to your personal information to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100 percent secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our services do not address anyone under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from these children. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary action steps.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately once they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
You may e-mail us or write to us at:
The Christian and Missionary Alliance
8595 Explorer Drive
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Share
Share
Tweet
Get Involved...
Pray.
We cannot “Live the Call Together” unless prayer is central to all we do.Pray with us »
Serve.
Is God calling you to service? We’re here to help you connect your passion with God’s purpose.Serve with The Alliance »
Give.
Help build Christ’s Church by supporting the ministry and workers of The Alliance.Give today »
Get Connected
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
MyCMA
Podcast
Newsletters
Locate a Church
Locate an International Worker
Daily Devotionals
Press Room
Employment
Related Ministries
Contact
FAQ
Privacy Policy
MyCMA
Our Web site uses cookies to streamline site navigation and provide a better online experience for you. Your continued use of www.cmalliance.org indicates your agreement to accept cookies from this site. ©
2003, The Christian and Missionary Alliance-All rights reserved. Some material used by permission.