https://www.gray329.org/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout UsCalendarGray Lodge NewsLinksContact UsLegalShopPay Your DuesHome Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy:Gray Lodge #329 ("Gray Lodge")
operates gray329.org and may operate other websites. It
is Gray Lodge's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Gray Lodge collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Gray Lodge's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Gray Lodge's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Gray Lodge may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Gray Lodge also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on gray329.org
blogs/sites. Gray Lodge only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Gray Lodge's websites choose to interact
with Gray Lodge in ways that require Gray Lodge to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Gray Lodge gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at gray329.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Gray Lodge are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Gray Lodge collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Gray Lodge. Gray Lodge does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsGray Lodge may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Gray Lodge may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Gray Lodge does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationGray Lodge discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Gray Lodge's behalf or to provide services available
at Gray Lodge's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Gray Lodge's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Gray Lodge will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Gray Lodge discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Gray Lodge believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Gray Lodge, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Gray Lodge website and have supplied your email address, Gray Lodge
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Gray Lodge and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Gray Lodge takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Gray Lodge uses cookies to
help Gray Lodge identify and track visitors, their usage of Gray Lodge
website, and their website access preferences. Gray Lodge visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Gray Lodge's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Gray Lodge's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Gray Lodge, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Gray Lodge goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Gray Lodge may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Gray Lodge and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Gray Lodge may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Gray Lodge's sole
discretion. Gray Lodge encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a gray329.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Login
Username
Password
Remember me
News From Gray Lodge #329
Grand Master’s Proclamation: Limited Re-Opening of Texas Lodges
GM Paul Underwood’s Memo Regarding Masonic Gatherings
Gray Lodge 2020 Spring Picnic
Bro. William C. Bradford, 1974 – 2019
There’s Something Different …Gray Lodge on Facebook
4 months ago
Gray Lodge News Flash - July 27, 2020
Gray Lodge News Flash - July 27, 2020 - https://mailchi.mp/d13f5e7cb973/gray-lodge-news-flash-july-27-2020
Gray Lodge will hold its August Stated Meeting on Wednesday, August 5, and receive our District Deputy Grand Master of District 30-B, Billy Nichols, for his second official visit. Dinner WILL be
served (in accordance with State recommendations) beginning at 6:00 pm, and our new Stewards have planned...
...
See more
View on facebook
6 months ago
Gray Lodge #329 News Flash - June 6, 2020
Gray Lodge #329 News Flash - June 6, 2020 - https://mailchi.mp/02c75f873680/gray-lodge-329-news-flash-march-16-4253065
Brethren, On June 3, Gray Lodge elected its officers for the 2020-2021 Masonic year - and made history in the process. Gray Lodge's elected Officers for our 150th Masonic Year are:
View on facebook
7 months ago
Grand Lodge of Texas
Executive Summary: June 3 Stated Meeting and officer elections is ON (no dinner), June 27 Installation of Officers is ON, no other Lodge meetings permitted until proclaimed by the Grand Master.
On behalf of the Grand Master, to read a full version of his Proclamation please visit the Member
Portal.
https://tx.grandview.systems/users/sign_in
https://gov.texas.gov/uploads/files/organization/opentexas/OpenTexas-Report.pdf
...
See more
View on facebook
7 months ago
Gray Lodge No. 329
180 years ago today, a Texian Army commanded by Brother Sam Houston won a brief 18 minute battle against the Mexican forces led by General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, a Scottish Rite Mason.
We
celebrate not only the victory for our state, but the bravery of the men who fought.
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/santa-annas-masonic-membership-confirmed-201453311.html
http://grandlodgeoftexas.org/texas_history_committee/21/
...
See more
View on facebook
8 months ago
Grand Lodge of Texas
Brethren,
Gray Lodge No. 329, along with all other regular Lodges in Texas, are now CLOSED by order of the Grand Master until dispensation is granted to resume labor. Please stay safe until we can
resume our activities.
...
See more
On behalf of the Grand Master Paul Underwood, please see the attached GRAND MASTER’S PROCLAMATION: Cancellation of Stated and Called Meetings
View on facebook
«
‹
1 of
7
›
»
Member Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Lost Password