http://www.lcf.on.ca/privacy-policy
About
Initiatives
Give
Grants & Loans
Events
Stories
Contact
Donate
Back
About Us
How We're Different
Our Team
Our Board
Publications
Back
LCF COVID-19 Response Fund
Affordable Housing
Vital Signs: Be the Change
Vital Conversations
Social Impact Fund
Back
Start a Fund
Ways to Give
Get to Know Our Funds
Professional Advisors
Financial Model
Forest City Fights Back
Giving Over the Holidays
Back
Grants & Awards
Community Vitality Grant
Funding Needs Registry
Loans & Financing
RBC Future Launch
Investment Readiness Program
Emergency Community Support Fund
The Fund for Gender Equality
Honouring Community Vitality
Recognition & Reporting
Eligibility
Back
Upcoming Events
Vital Conversations
Privacy PolicyBackgroundLondon Community Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy of its donors and other individuals from whom personal information is collected. Effective January 1, 2004 the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) became law in Ontario.
While the law does not apply to charities London Community Foundation embraces the ten principles, embodied in PIPEDA, that ensure that proper methods of collection, use, and retention of personal information are respected.Personal information is defined as any factual or subjective information, recorded or not, about an identifiable individual, including:
Age, ID numbers, income and ethnic origin
Opinions, evaluations, comments, and social statusThe Privacy PrinciplesLondon Community Foundation is responsible for the protection of personal information and its fair handling at all times. As defined by PIPEDA the following are the privacy principles with which London Community Foundation will comply:a. Accountability London Community Foundation will appoint the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) as Chief Privacy Officer (CPO). Our donors will be provided with information as to how to contact the CPO with questions or complaints about privacy matters.b. Identifying Purposes The purposes for which personal information is collected by the Foundation will be clearly identified, and the information collected will be confined to that which is reasonably necessary, including income tax receipting, fund establishment, and donor mailings and solicitations.c. Consent The Foundation will obtain the consent of its donors when collecting and using their personal information. Permission may be expressed orally, electronically, in writing, or implied.d. Limiting Collection, Use, Disclosure and Retention Personal information will be used by the Foundation only for the identified purposes for which it was collected. These purposes may include the processing and receipting of donations and the provision of information about the Foundation’s activities.Personal information collected will not be disclosed by the Foundation to third parties without prior written consent from the donor.e. Accuracy The Foundation will take reasonable measures to ensure personal information is kept up to date, complete, and accurate.f. Safeguards Personal information will be protected by the Foundation against loss, theft, and unauthorized access. The degree of security measures exercised will vary with the sensitivity of the personal information collected.g. Openness London Community Foundation will inform its donors that there is a Board policy and staff procedures in place for the management and protection of personal information.h. Individual Access Individuals may request to review their personal information as collected by the Foundation. Individuals may request corrections to their information when appropriate. The Foundation will respond to such requests within 30 days.i. Provide Recourse Complaint procedures will be developed by the Foundation to inform individuals of the available avenues of recourse. The Foundation’s Chief Privacy Officer will be available to investigate all complaints, and appropriate measures will be taken by the CPO to correct information handling practices and policies if required. Should resolution not be reached the complaint will be taken to the board of London Community Foundation.MONITORING: Annually. REFERENCES:
PIPEDA