http://www.lutheranmusicprogram.org/privacy-policy/
LSM
LSM 2021
Faculty
Apply
Alumni
Support
Events
About
Back
Winter Session
LSM 2021
Tuition
Fellowship
Parent Dashboard
Winter Session Portal
Back
News
History + Leadership
Partners
Staff
Employment
Contact
Resources
PRIVACY POLICY< Return to Previous PageThis privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience. When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site. Donor Privacy PolicyWe will not share or sell a donor's personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. How do we use your information?  We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.To quickly process your transactions.How do we protect visitor information?Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.   We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.  All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. Do we use 'cookies'?We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.   You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.  If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.  However, you can still place orders. Third Party DisclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.   However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.   Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. Financial Data SecurityFinancial transactions for donations are conducted through Vanco Services. Financial transactions for tuition payments are conducted through Constellation Payments using Evalon Credit Card Processing software.  LMP does not disclose credit card account information provided by its constituents.  When constituents choose to pay by credit card, you are automatically directed to a secure credit card processor.  Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.View AdWords policies >We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future. California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. Learn more about the Consumer Federation of California >According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the words 'Privacy Policy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above. Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:On our Privacy Policy PageUsers are able to change their personal information:By emailing usBy calling usBy logging in to their accountHow does our site handle do not track signals?We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral trackingCOPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We market to and collect information from children under 13: No  In order to remove your child's information, please contact the following personnel:  admissions@lutheransummermusic.org  We adhere to the following COPPA tenents:We will not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.Parents can review their child's personal information, direct us to delete it, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information. Parents can agree to the collection and use of their child's information, but still NOT allow disclosure to third parties unless that's part of the service. Parents can review, delete, manage or refuse with whom their child's information is shared through account settings on our website, through emailing our support staff, through calling our support number, by mailing us a letter contacting us directly.We will notify parents directly before collecting PII from their kids. This includes what specific information you will want to collect and how it might be disclosed, a link to your online privacy policy, and how the parents can give their consent. Also, if the parent doesn't consent within a reasonable time you will delete the parent's and childs online contact info from your records.Parents can give consent by sign a consent form and send it back to you via fax, mail, or electronic scan, use a credit card, debit card, or other online payment system that provides notification of each separate transaction to the account holder, call a toll-free number staffed by trained personnel or contacting us directly.PhotographsLMP takes photographs during public events and solicits photographs from our members of their work and occasionally selects quality photos for distribution via this website, social media, or other means.  Photos are taken in public settings during public events.  If you are included in a photograph and would prefer that it not be distributed, please contact LMP and let us know what photo and where you saw it.  We will do our best to remove it from circulation.  Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify the users via emailWithin 7 business daysWe will notify the users via in site notificationWithin 7 business daysWe also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute noncompliance by data processors. CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to:Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to ordersWe may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addressesIdentify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable wayInclude the physical address of our business or site headquartersMonitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quicklyAllow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each emailIf at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you canFollow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy,Contact us now >