https://www.khalsaaid.org/terms
Menu
Home
Our Projects
Blog
Our Initiatives
Recent News
Events
Social Media Hub
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Terms & conditions
Effective date: April 10, 2018
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE "TERMS" OR "TERMS OF USE"), BECAUSE THEY,
ALONG WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY CONSTITUTE A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU,
THE INDIVIDUAL OR THE ENTITY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, AND KHALSA AID
INTERNATIONAL. BY ACCESSING THE SERVICE OR BY USING IT IN ANY MANNER, YOU
SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS
OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.
From time to time, Khalsa Aid International may change the terms to meet
technical, operational and legal changes. Khalsa Aid International will
post a notice about changes made to the Terms on the website, and may send
you a notice by email, reasonable time before the changes take effect.
You agree to periodically review this agreement to be aware of any such
revisions. Your continued use of this website will be deemed acceptance of
the updated or amended terms.
In these terms and conditions:
"Khalsa Aid International", "Khalsa Aid", “Langar Aid”, "Focus Punjab", “we” or “our” means
Khalsa Aid International, a registered charity in England and Wales
(1163294).
"Material" means all of the information, data, text, graphics, links,
computer code or other material published on, contained or available on the
Website.
"User", “you” or “your” means the individual or organisation accessing the
Website, ordering goods or services, registering for events and/or making
donations.
"Website" means any website under the ownership or control of Khalsa Aid
International which links to these terms and conditions.
Your use of the Website
You can view any non-password protected parts of the Website and use the
Material contained on the Website for your own purposes provided you:
use it for information purposes and/or reproduction for personal use
only, and not for reproduction on any other website or for commercial gain;
notify and seek Khalsa Aid International’s approval before creating any
links to the Website; and
do not copy, store, or transmit in any form or by any means to any third
party, any part of the Website, without Khalsa Aid International’s written
permission.
Copyright and trademarks
Khalsa Aid International is the owner or licensee of the copyright in the
Material. Unauthorised use of the Material (including reproduction,
storage, modification, distribution or republication) without the prior
written consent is not allowed.
The Khalsa Aid International name and logos are some of Khalsa Aid
International’s registered trademarks. You may not use Khalsa Aid
International’s unregistered or registered trademarks without the prior
consent of Khalsa Aid International.
Your lawful use of the Website
When you use the Website, you must not:
in any way breach any applicable law or regulation;
infringe the copyright, trademarks or other intellectual property rights
of third parties;
in any way be abusive, vulgar, obscene, unlawful, fraudulent,
threatening, defamatory and/or or hateful to any person;
violate the privacy or other personal rights of others;
have the intention of harming or attempting to harm any person in any
way;
knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains
viruses or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to
adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
Any content you upload to the Website will be considered non-confidential
and non-proprietary. The User retains all ownership rights in the content
but agrees to grant Khalsa Aid International a perpetual, royalty-free,
non-exclusive licence to use the content on the Website. This includes
storing, copying and making the content available to third parties.
Khalsa Aid International has the right to remove any content uploaded by
you if, in our opinion, it does not comply with these terms and conditions.
Limitation of liability
Khalsa Aid International will not be liable for any direct, indirect or
consequential damages (even if foreseeable) whether based on contract, tort
or otherwise, to the fullest extent permitted by law. This includes but is
not limited to liability for: loss of data or profits; interruptions or
delays to the Website; the provision of or failure to provide services; any
information, Material, goods and services obtained through the Website; or
otherwise arising out of your use of the Website.
Reliance on information on this Website
The content on this Website if provided for general information only. Every
effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information given on
this website, but inaccuracies may nevertheless occur. If you come across
any information which you consider to be inaccurate, please contact
info@khalsaaid.org.
Links to third party websites
The Website may contain links to websites operated by parties other than
Khalsa Aid International. Such links are provided for your convenience
only. Khalsa Aid International does not control such websites, and is not
responsible for their content. Khalsa Aid International's inclusion of
links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on
such websites or any association with their operators. The User is solely
responsible for evaluating the accuracy and completeness of any information
contained on the third-party websites, and also the value and integrity of
any goods and services offered by such websites.
Linking this Website
Since a web address is basically the same as a phone number or street
address, there are no restrictions on the fair use of this site’s address
as a way to receive information from Khalsa Aid International. However,
“linking” a page to this site does not imply Khalsa Aid International’s
endorsement of the page containing the link.
The Code of Fundraising Practice
All the fundraising that we undertake is guided by the Code of Fundraising
Practice as outlined by the Charity Regulator for the standards expected of
all charitable fundraising organisations across the UK.
To view additional information regarding the Code of Fundraising click
here to leave our website and go to the Fundraising Regulator’s website
.
Other terms that may apply to you
Our Privacy Statement
sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from
you, or that you provide to us.
Cookies enhance your online experience. Our Cookies Policy provides
information about how cookies are used on our Website.
Viruses
Although Khalsa Aid International makes all reasonable attempts to exclude
viruses from the Website, we cannot ensure such exclusion and no liability
is accepted for damage caused through the downloading of viruses.
Therefore, please take all appropriate safeguards before downloading
information from the Website.
General
If any provisions of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid or
unenforceable, this will not affect the validity or enforceability of the
remaining provisions.
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and
Khalsa Aid International and supersede all other communications and
proposals, whether electronic or written, between the User and Khalsa Aid
International.
Any failure of Khalsa Aid International to exercise or enforce any of its
rights under these terms and conditions shall not be deemed to be a waiver
of any such rights.
Jurisdiction
The terms and conditions and the use by the User of the Website are
governed by the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes arising from or
relating to the Website, any transactions made on the Website and/or these
terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
English courts.
Contact Us
You may contact Khalsa Aid International with any questions about the
service via info@khalsaaid.org.
Khalsa Aid International will make efforts to address your inquiry
promptly.
0 Followers
Follow Us:
@Khalsa_Aid
Our long term programmes
Focus Punjab is our long term programme in Punjab, India focusing on providing long term support in the region.
Langar Aid is our dedicated initiative to provide emergency food & water supplies in disaster & war zones.