https://www.triallawyerscollege.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Trial Lawyer’s College.  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Trial Lawyer’s College collects, and the ways in which Trial Lawyer’s College uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Trial Lawyer’s College may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website;
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website;
information about transactions carried out over this website;
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services and
any other information that you send to Trial Lawyer’s College.
Using personal information
Trial Lawyer’s College may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
publish information about you on the website;
send to you products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send to you statements and invoices;
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications.
Where Trial Lawyer’s College discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Trial Lawyer’s College may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Trial Lawyer’s College will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Trial Lawyer’s College will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Updating this statement
Trial Lawyer’s College may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Trial Lawyer’s College is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Privacy Policy