https://www.stepstolife.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
0
Menu
Home
About
Bible Study
Bible Studies by Marshall Grosboll
Study Resources
Watch or Listen
Audio Sermon of the Month
News
LandMarks
Current Issue contents
PDF and past issues
Search LandMarks by Author
Search LandMarks by Article Contents
Shop
Donate
Contact Us
0
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf our website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
To maintain the safety of your personal information, we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order, enters, submits, or accesses their information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to:
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
We have implemented demographics and interest reporting to compile data regarding user interactions with our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
A link to our privacy policy is on our home page.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change your personal information either by calling us or by logging in to your account.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track or plant cookies, when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
We may allow third-party behavioral tracking through Google Analytics to gain knowledge of users’ experience on our web site.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 7 business days and notify users via in-site notification within 7 business days.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address for the following purposes:
To send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not to use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
To identify the message as an advertisement, if appropriate, in some reasonable way.
To include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
To monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
To honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
To allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at:
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Steps to Life
PO Box 782828
Wichita, KS 67278
USA
316-788-5559
Last edited on 2017-05-31
About
About Us
Contact Us
Bible Study Resources
Bible Studies
Bible Studies by Marshall Grosboll
Bible Study Resources
LandMarks Magazine
Newsletter Articles
Home Church Resources
Live Stream Church Service
Who and What is the Church
Organizing a Church
Support the Ministry
Make a Donation