http://www.crossculturalsolutions.org/policies
Email Us
REQUEST INFORMATION
Login
Username or e-mail address *
Password *The password field is case sensitive.
Log In With Facebook Dates & FeesVOLUNTEER ABROAD CHOOSE Your Program OTHER CCS PROGRAMS
International Internships
Gap Year Program
High School Volunteers
Group Experiences
EXPLORE Volunteer Abroad
Refugee Program - Greece
Costa Rica
Ghana
Guatemala
Morocco
Peru
Thailand
ABOUTLearn About CCS About CCSOur TeamThe CCS Difference
Enroll Now
PRIVACY POLICYThis is the website of Cross-Cultural Solutions.Our postal address is:P.O. Box 102075Pasadena, CA 91189USAWe can be reached by telephone at 1-914-632-0022 or by email at info@ccs.ngo.1. OUR PLEDGE TO YOUAt Cross-Cultural Solutions (CCS), one of our top priorities is making sure that the information we have about you is protected and secure. We value our relationship with you and are absolutely committed to preserving your privacy.2. INFORMATION WE COLLECTFor each visitor to our websites, our web server does not recognize information regarding the e-mail address. We collect personal information of visitors who submit their information via our forms as part of our customer service and volunteer placement process; for example, information is received via the Request for Information, Enrollment, Re-Enrollment, Waiting List, Make a Payment, Donate, and Volunteer Profile forms, and via resumes.Email: We maintain an internal email list of all persons who have requested information, enrolled in our programs, made an online payment, or made an online donation. We may use this list to send occasional updates and announcements about CCS' programs around the world or emails of a marketing nature. If you do not wish to receive email you may opt out at any time. We process requests to opt out of email communication via email or the link to our Email Preference Center at the bottom of any marketing email. Email requests may be sent to info@crossculturalsolutions.org; these are processed within three business days. Please note that transactional emails may still be sent to you on an as-needed basis.Post: Persons who submit their postal address with the goal of receiving further information or enrolling may periodically receive postal mail from us. If you do not wish to receive mail, please let us know by sending a request to info@crossculturalsolutions.org. Please provide us with your exact name and address and we will be sure your name is removed from our postal mailing list.Phone: Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers will receive telephone contact from us responding to a request for more information or a transaction, e.g. enrollment, payment, etc. We do not make unsolicited marketing calls.3. DIGITAL CONTENT RELEASEBy submitting photos, videos, comments, and other digital content to Cross-Cultural Solutions via Flickr, Facebook, Instagram, or any other social media or digital platform, you grant Cross-Cultural Solutions a non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any content that you post on CCS media platforms, or in connection with CCS.4. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATIONThe email list we maintain is for internal use only and will not be sold, rented, or exchanged with any other company. We only provide email lists with vendors sending our communication to exclude recipients who have expressly opted out of our email; no other company will use our email list for their communications.Post: The postal mailing list we maintain is for internal use only and will not be sold, rented, or exchanged with any other company. We only provide our postal mailing lists to process our own mailing; no other company will use our postal mailing list for their communications. We would otherwise only share email or postal addresses as required by law.We do not share any personal information about our prospective volunteers, former volunteers, sponsors of volunteers, or donors with anyone external to CCS without their knowledge and/or permission, unless required by law.Personal information of enrolled volunteers is shared with insurance representatives to activate the travel medical insurance, and with our Partner Programs to assist in the volunteer placement process. As an enrolled volunteer, you have the option of allowing us to share your name and contact information with your fellow volunteers; you may indicate this in the Volunteer Profile forms. As a service to our enrolled volunteers, your program information (program site, start date, duration, program fee, current balance, currency) is publicly searchable by last name through our online fundraising system. You may deactivate this search by informing your Program Site Specialist or deactivating your fundraising profile within your Volunteer Profile.5. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATIONWe have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the misuse of information that we have collected from you. All financial information is kept in locked files or electronic files that are password protected.All confidential information sent via our website (such as credit card numbers) uses the Internet security protocol known as "Secure Sockets Layer" or "SSL." This is a certification and encryption technology designed to make using your credit card as safe as possible on the Internet. Cross-Cultural Solutions does not save credit card numbers and no one at CCS has access to your entire credit card number, only the last four digits for identification purposes.6. COOKIESWe use "cookies" to monitor how people use our website. A cookie is not software and therefore cannot alter your computer or computer files or software in any way. It is simply a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive which records how you have used the CCS website. Our cookie records no other information than that which is related to CCS. If you do not want us to use cookies in your browser, you can alter your browser settings to reject cookies or to alert you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer.7. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATIONIf you would like to know exactly what personal information CCS has collected about you, we will be happy to share it with you. This includes transaction information (e.g., dates on which you made payments, amounts and types of payments), communications you have directed to our staff (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). Please email info@crossculturalsolutions.org with a request to review this information.8. RECOURSEIf you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, or the DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at ethics@the-dma.org., or state and local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state and local consumer protection office, or The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202-FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at: https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/ (link valid as of January 2009).9. DISCLOSUREInformation on past years’ service accomplishments and a roster of our officers and members of the Board of Directors can be found on the Guidestar web site: www.guidestar.org. Our listing on Guidestar contains financial information including our IRS Form 990, total income for the last available fiscal year, expenses, funding and administrative categories, and ending net assets.Contact us if you have any questions regarding this policy.
POLICIES
Privacy Policy
Payment Policy
Age Policy
In-Country Policies Server: 172.31.52.188User Agent: Python-urllib/3.8