http://www.pastorswives.org/practical_help_for_ministers_wives/candidating
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Practical Help for Pastors' WivesCandidating, Interviewing, or "In View of a Call"Getting ready for the Candidating day or weekendPrepare· Spiritual readiness—have a
consistent, relational quiet time with the Lord.· Skill sharpening—prepare your message and prepare your questions· Knowledge base—find out as much
as you can about the church--its origins, its leadership, its history, and its vision. Learn as much as you can about the economic climate of the church and the area. Realistically, what is an adequate salary for your family? Check real estate prices online at realestate.com and cost of living guides at
homebuyer's fair.Know yourself:
your leadership style
your teamwork style
your strengths
your weaknesses
your values--(What is important to you in the church? What are you passionate about?)Questions the church might ask you Interview time!
They want to get to know you. You have been accredited and approved for candidating by the National Office and/or your district. Now the church simply wants to understand for themselves who you are and how you will fit into the ministry God has built in their community. Be real!Be prepared to talk about:· your conversion experience.· your call to ministry.· the affirmations of your call.· your relationship with the Holy
Spirit.· your relationship to your spouse (if applicable).· your priorities in ministry.· your experiences in ministry
activities.Articles
from the web:
From Leadership Journal: 29 Questions to Ask the Pulpit Committee What you gotta know before you go. by
Ginger E. McFarland The Search Committee Dating GameSeven courting disasters. by John Beukema   What information do you need to help in your decision? What is the financial commitment for outreach?What is the provision for the pastor and family—moving, housing, utilities, insurance, ministry transportation, continuing education, pastoral enrichment (conferences, etc.).Annual reports including the
pastor’s report for the last three years?Church attendance figures for the
last three years?Questions you may want to ask:1. Ask for a church constitution, by-laws, articles of faith, standard for workers, etc.2. Ask for a copy of their annual reports.3. Ask to tour the facilities and community.4. Ask what Christian education (Sunday
School, etc.) curriculum they use.5. Ask what mission agencies, colleges, etc. they support. Do they have a pre-determined policy that covers these
things?6. Ask for a description of all
ministries. (women’s groups, children’s clubs, etc.)7. Ask about the length of stay of their recent pastors.8. Ask about the area’s cost of living. (insurance, utilities, housing, clothing, groceries, etc.)9. Ask about the decision-making process
and how changes occur.10. Ask to meet key laymen or staff people.11. Ask about the church secretary, office hours, etc. What time do the people in this community go to work themselves?12. Ask about schools in
the area - public and Christian.13. Ask to see church
attendance records.14. Ask to share your
philosophy and goals with them.15. Ask if any other
candidate is coming before they vote.16. Ask what kind of vote it would take for the church to call you.If an associate - ask
to see a written job description. To whom are you responsible?18. If an associate - ask
for the senior pastor’s philosophy of ministry, etc.19. If an associate - ask
how long the pastor expects to stay.20.
Ask questions about the church’ s or pastor’s stand on key issues (divorce, separation, Bible versions, church discipline, etc.)
Pastors´ Wives
Thriving Message Board
Click Here
PW´s
Thriving Blog
Click Here
How Does The Message Board Work?
Our Message Board is open to any pastor's wife who has registered. This makes for a safe place to "be ourselves" without judgment. An online message board works like this: One person types a question, situation, or statement. Other members of the Board can read it and reply under what the previous person has written. Most posts receive numerous replies; some long some short.
How Do I Become a Member of the Message Board?
Want to know how to register for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Want to know the Terms of Service for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Concerned about our Privacy Policy?CLICK HERE
Ready to sign up?CLICK HERE !
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services