http://www.collaborativepractice.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
The International Academy of Collaborative Professionals (IACP) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its website. IACP strongly believes that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, IACP has implemented the following policy.
What Information Does IACP Collect?
Most data IACP collects are used only to help us better serve our members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will notify all users by e-mail or a special announcement placed on the website.
From General Users. IACP does not collect any personal information from users browsing its website. Only aggregate data -- such as the number of hits per page -- are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
From IACP's Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on the website, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. IACP asks users to provide their name, address, business phone, and e-mail. Similar information may be submitted to IACP through membership applications, conference or seminar registration, publication orders, subscriptions, and the like. Additionally, for some e-mails sent in HTML format by IACP to its members through its message boards and electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those emails, IACP will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: e-mail address of a user, the date and time of the user's "click," a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. IACP only uses this information to enhance its products and services and distribution of those products and services to its members. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner.
How Does IACP Use Data Collected?
IACP uses information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
IACP Member Services and Products. Generally, IACP uses data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. IACP also makes member contact information available through the IACP Membership Directory to other members using its website and to those who register for its conferences. In addition, IACP incorporates information users provide into the Membership Directory that it provides to members and sells to certain requesters. On occasion, IACP may also provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services. These limited data include names, job titles, companies and business addresses, but do not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers or e-mail addresses. Users may request that IACP refrain from disclosing the data it collects to third parties on the membership application form, conference registration form or any other form on which they are providing information; an opt-out box will appear on each form on which a user provides information. Alternatively, users may contact IACP to express their preferences if they determine later that they do not wish to have the information shared.
Credit Card Account Information. IACP does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, IACP submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
How Does IACP Use Cookies?
Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a User's hard disk for use either during a particular session ("per-session" cookie) or for future use ("persistent" cookie). IACP uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, determine appropriate solicitations, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about Users over the Internet or to analyze any information that Users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. Users may instruct their Internet browsers to opt out of accepting a "persistent" cookie and rather accept only a "per-session" cookie, but will need to login each time they visit the site to enjoy the full benefits. If the user declines the attachment of any cookie, the user may not have access to the full benefits of the website. Registration enables the site to better determine members' interest areas and provide the most relevant information.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites?
This website contains links to other websites. IACP has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.