https://www.carolsdaughter.com/customer-service/permission-terms.html
Skip To Main Menu
Skip To Refinements
Skip To Content
Learn about Holiday Shipping Here
EMAIL SIGNUP
Order Status
Membership
Carol's Daughter
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
Order Status
Sign In / Register
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
Search
Membership
Email Signup
Hair Products
Show All
Product Type
Best Sellers
Exclusive Value Sets
Sulfate Free Shampoos
Conditioners
Leave-In Conditioners
Detanglers
Combing Cremes
Hair Masks
Hair Oils
Treatments
Hairdress
Protective Stylers
Hair Moisturizers
Styling
Product Finder
Hair Type
Straight Hair
Wavy Hair
Curly Hair
Coily & Tightly Curled Hair
Damaged Hair
Dry Hair
Frizzy Hair
Thin & Fine Hair
Natural Hair
Body & Skin Care
Show All
Product Type
Best Sellers
Exclusive Value Sets
Body Washes & Soap
Body Moisturizers
Hand & Foot Care
Body Sprays
Face Care
Product Finder
Skin Type
All Skin Types
Dry Skin
Dull Skin
Extra-Dry Skin
Collections
Show All
Hair Products
Almond Milk – Daily Damage Repair
Black Vanilla – Moisture & Shine
Cactus Rose – Volume & Moisture
Coco Crème – Extreme Moisture
Goddess Strength – Moisture + Strength
Hair Milk – Nourishing & Conditioning
Mimosa Hair Honey – Protective Styles
Monoi – Repairing
Monoi Ora – Repair + Volume
Pracaxi Nectar – Styling by Nature
Sacred Tiare – Anti-Breakage
Wash Day – Deep Cleanse + Easy Detangling
Body & Skin Care
Almond Cookie
Angel Food Cake
Body Classics
Gardenia
Karité Coco
Lavender and Vanilla
Monoi Body
Ocean Flowers
Sugar Dipped Vanilla
Offers
Show All
Offers
NEW Holiday Gift Guide
Sale
Last Call
New Arrivals
Affordable Luxury
Accessible Beauty
Items $10 or Less
Travel Size
Gift Sets
Online Exclusive Sets
Sets Under $25
Sets $25-$49.99
Sets $50 and Up
About Us
Show All
About The Brand
#BORNANDMADE
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Family Favorites
Ingredients
Ingredients Guide
Blog
Show All
Hair
All Hairstyles
Natural Hairstyles
Curly Hairstyles
Short Hairstyles
Long Hairstyles
Braids
Hair Care Tips
Protective Styles
Lifestyle
All Lifestyle
Dry to Fly
Beauty
Travel
How-To Videos
All Videos
Hair Style Video Tutorials
Hair Care Video Tutorials
Discover Carol's Daughter
Curl Guide
Show All
Curl Hub
Curl Guide
4C Hair Type
4B Hair Type
4A Hair Type
3C Hair Type
3B Hair Type
3A Hair Type
2C Hair Type
2B Hair Type
2A Hair Type
Glossary
Curl Glossary
Sign In / Register
Order Status
Order Status
Sign In / Register
Bag
0
Your shopping cart is empty. Search or browse to find your favorite products!
FREE SAMPLES ALL ORDERS · FREE SHIPPING ALL ORDERS · FREE GIFT $50+ ORDERS
Carol's Daughter
About Us
User Content Permission Terms
About Us
Lisa's Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator
Review Guidelines
User Content Permission Terms
Dropdown
Lisa's Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator
Review Guidelines
User Content Permission Terms
Carol's Daughter User Content Permission Terms
We love hearing from you and when you share it with us.
These User Content Permission Terms, together with our Privacy Policy and general site terms of use apply if you upload content (e.g. pictures or reviews) to our sites, hashtags, social pages or if you respond “yes” to a request by us to re-use your content.
These User Content Permission Terms provide your consent to Carol's Daughter and our parent, L’Oreal, affiliates and third party providers (collectively “Carol's Daughter”) as follows:
You grant Carol's Daughter a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, transferable right to use your video(s), photo(s) and/or other content posted online (e.g. Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or other platform) in addition to those you have tagged with #carolsdaughter or a Carol's Daughter campaign hashtag together with your social media handle, social media user name, profile picture, caption and location information you may have included in your content (“User Content”) in any media, including but not limited to on its webpages, social media pages and other digital media, newsletters, retailer sites, third party sites, print materials, in-store materials, television and other broadcast media, for its marketing and/or its advertising. Carol's Daughter may use, reproduce, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works in any manner in its sole discretion.
You represent and warrant that you own all rights in and to User Content, you have permission from any person(s) appearing in User Content to grant the rights herein, you are not a minor.
The User Content it is a true and accurate expression of your honest belief based on use of Carol's Daughter products and that you have and will disclose receipt of any free product or incentives in exchange for providing User Content.
You hereby release, discharge and agree to hold Carol's Daughter and any person acting on Carol's Daughters’ behalf harmless from any liability related in any way with the User Content.
You consent to Carol's Daughter’s collection of any personal information you provide, and Carol's Daughter’s use and disclosure of that personal information in connection with the use of your User Content as described above.
Your personal information may be transferred to or accessible all over the world, and may be shared with affiliates or other trusted third parties working on Carol's Daughter’s behalf.
By posting User Content with any Hashtag(s) or otherwise providing Carol's Daughter with personal information, you agree to such collection, use, disclosure, transfer and processing of your information in accordance with these Permission Terms, Carol's Daughter’s Privacy Policy , and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Pinterest
About Us
Lisa’s Story
In The Press
Career Opportunities
Store Locator
Discontinued Products
Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Terms
Mobile Text Terms
Track Your Order
Membership
Site Map
Popular Searches
Monoi
Hair Milk
Black Vanilla
Natural Hair
Marula
Leave-In Conditioner
Almond Cookie
Follow Us
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Pinterest
Sign up to receive 15% Off *
Sign up for exclusives offers & more
Receive 15% Off*
Become a Mobile Insider*
Email Address
Phone Number
Sign Up
This sign up is for US consumers. By registering, your information will be collected and used in the US subject to our US Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions for this website, and you are verifying that you are 13 years of age or older. By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Carols Daughter and other LOréal brands and programs. Non-US consumers should visit the country website serving their region.
Sign up for email alerts!
*See SMS Terms & Conditions
Up to 10 auto dialed marketing message/mo. Standard messaging and data rate may apply. Consent not required for purchase. Text HELP to 40679 for help. Text STOP to 40679 to stop receiving messages.
Thank you!
continue shopping
*Standard msg & data rates may apply. Consent not req to purchase. HELP=help, STOP=stop.
From humble beginnings in her kitchen, Carol’s Daughter founder Lisa Price transformed her beloved hobby of mixing fragrances at home into a beauty empire. After selling her natural beauty products at flea markets and from her living room, Price officially established Carol's Daughter, lovingly named for her mother. Today, we offer prestige hair, body and skincare products made with rare, natural ingredients like Monoi Oil, Cocoa and Shea Butters and Açai. We have collections that repair damaged hair (top-seller Monoi), perfect curls (classic Hair Milk) and soothe skin (favorite Almond Cookie).
Our Customer Service hours of operation are Monday – Friday, 8 AM – 5:30 PM (ET).
877-540-2101.
Carol’s Daughter, CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION OF L’OREAL USA S/D, INC. 10 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001.
This site is intended for US consumers. Cookies and related technology are used for advertising. To learn more, visit AdChoices, our Privacy Policy and User Content Permission Terms .
Copyright Carol’s Daughter © 2018. All rights reserved.
Please enter your email address below and we will send you a notification when this item becomes available.
This item will automatically be removed from your cart after you submit your email.
Email
Sign up to get special offers and promotional emails from Carol's Daughter.
By submitting your information, you agree to our Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Submit
Cancel
Continue Shopping