http://www.marshallcenter.org/en/privacy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy
Privacy and Security
Privacy Policies
The George C. Marshall Center is committed to protecting your online privacy.  This Privacy Policy describes how The George C. Marshall Center uses and protects your personally identifiable data and constitutes an agreement between you and The George C. Marshall Center.  By using our website, you agree to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Please note the following:
We are anonymizing the IPs of the visitors.
We show a ‘Privacy Settings’ banner with an opt-out option.
Information We Collect and Why
You can browse this site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
As with many websites, when you use the site we may track usage information that does not identify you, including general location information, device identifier, browser type, or language. We are using an IP Anonymizer, so your exact ip address will not be tracked.
This may also include information about your use of the site, such as search terms, search results, or additional traffic data.  This information is used for website traffic analysis and to improve the content of our site.
Any additional information — such as your name, organization, email address, and home country — is collected only with your consent.  You provide such information whenever you sign up for our courses. We use industry standard practices to protect this data.
How We Use Cookies, and Why
Like many other sites, The George C. Marshall Center uses cookies to enable us to track your use of our site and make it more useful to you.
If you don’t like cookies, you can just select ‘No Thanks’ on the Privacy pop-up bar at the bottom of the page. Some features of the site may not work if you set your web browser to decline or delete cookies.
The George C. Marshall Center may use service providers, such as Google Analytics, to collect information about your use of our site over time for non-advertising purposes. Your data collected via Google Analytics has been anonymized. To learn more about what data Google Analytics collects, and download a browser add-on to opt-out of Google Analytics, please visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
Email Opt-Out & Tracking
The George C. Marshall Center collects and stores Alumnis’ email addresses. We use these addresses to send announcements of future courses, and Alumni activities, which subscribers can opt out of at any time.
When you receive system emails from The George C. Marshall Center, we may collect information that indicates if you open the email or click on links in that email. This does not apply to emails sent from individual email accounts.
Information Use
The George C. Marshall Center will not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected online or offline.
The George C. Marshall Center uses the information we collect to improve your experience on the site, to recommend specific content, and to perform statistical and demographic analysis of the users of the site.
If you choose to share personal data with us via the site or via email, we may store it and use it to alert you to content from The George C. Marshall Center. We may share your information with our service providers in order to maintain or enhance the functionality of our site and communications.
Links to Third-Party Sites and Services
Visitors should be advised that The George C. Marshall Center’s website links to other sites, each of which is beyond The George C. Marshall Center’s control. Because of the nature of the Internet, The George C. Marshall Center cannot be responsible for the content or privacy policies of the websites to which it links.
The George C. Marshall Center uses third party services to perform functions on our behalf. These may include hosting, content management, social media integration, analytics, and other functions. These services may have access to personal information if needed to perform their activities and are required to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information provided. Visitors should consult the privacy policies of those third parties to learn more.
Data Security
In order to protect your information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure, we use secure data networks that are consistent with industry standards. The George C. Marshall Center will contact affected personnel within 72 hours if there is a security breach.
Access to Information and Data
You have the right to request to access, modify, correct, or remove your data collected in our database at any time. You may do so by contacting The George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies Public Affairs Office at gcmcpublicaffairs [at] marshallcenter.org.
How You Can Withdraw Consent to E-mails
If you wish to stop receiving e-mails from The George C. Marshall Center, you may do so by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. However, if we plan to materially change how we intend to use previously collected personal information, we will provide you with advance notice prior to the change becoming effective and an opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
More Information
U.S. DOD Privacy Program Page
DSCA Privacy and Security Page