http://www.yoagyoga.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Yoga for Health
Home
About Us
Weight Loss Tips
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@yoagyoga.com.
At www.yoagyoga.com/, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.yoagyoga.com/ and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.yoagyoga.com/ makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.yoagyoga.com/ does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.yoagyoga.com/.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.yoagyoga.com/ and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.yoagyoga.com/ send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.yoagyoga.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.yoagyoga.com/’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
Pinterest
Delicious
Digg
Fark
Google
Instapaper
LinkedIn
MySpace
Newsvine
Pocket
Readability
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Yahoo!
Calendar
October 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
« Dec
Recent Posts
Discovering the Most Flexible, Highest Paying Jobs
2017’s Best Job Search Tips
Can Yoga Help Improve Memory?
Know your past through past lives nyc
Three Things You Need to Know About Yoga
PagesHome
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Weight Loss Tips
Useful Links
LA Weight Loss Programs & Diet Plans
10 Painless Ways to Lose Weight
How to Lose Weight: 40 Fast, Easy Tips
Any Text Here
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Weight Loss Tips
© 2020 Yoga for Health. All Rights Reserved.
Lustrous Theme. Powered by WordPress.
Scroll To Top