http://www.dawn.com/terms
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
DAWN.COM – TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE
About the terms
Use of dawn.com
Intellectual Property
Contributions to DAWN
Dawn.com communities
Consequences of breach of Rules:
For users under 18:
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
General
Contacting DAWN about these Terms of Use
DAWN.COM – TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE
About the terms
Access to and use of 'dawn.com' is provided by the Pakistan Herald Publication (Pvt.) Ltd. [hereinafter
referred to as 'DAWN'] on the following terms:
By using this website you agree to be bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your
first use of the site. If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following terms please do not
access, use and/or contribute to dawn.com
DAWN may change these terms from time to time. You are advised to review these terms every time you use
this site. Your use of dawn.com will be deemed acceptance of the terms as updated or amended. If there
is any conflict between any term herein and a specific term appearing elsewhere on dawn.com, then the
conflict shall be resolved in favour of the latter.
Use of dawn.com
You shall use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of,
restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of this site. Prohibited behaviour includes
harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content
or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within this site.
Intellectual Property
All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered or
unregistered) in and on this website and all content (including all applications) of the website shall
remain vested in DAWN or its licensors. You shall not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile,
reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use
the content of this website in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You shall not
adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any content of this website except for your own personal,
non-commercial use. Any other use of the content of this website requires the prior written permission
of DAWN.
The names, images and logos identifying DAWN or third parties and their products and services are
subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of DAWN and/or third parties. Nothing contained in
these terms shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any intellectual property of
DAWN or any other third party.
Contributions to DAWN
By sharing any contribution (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) with DAWN
you grant to DAWN, free of charge, permission to use the material in any way it wants without any
restriction (including modifying and adapting it for operational and editorial reasons) for DAWN
services in any media worldwide. In certain circumstances DAWN may also share your contribution
with other news agencies or other trusted third parties.
Copyright in your contribution will remain with you and this permission is not exclusive, so you can
continue to use the material in any way including allowing others to use it.
You confirm that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory and does not infringe
any Pakistani laws, that you have the right to give DAWN the permission to use it for the purposes
specified above, and that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your contribution or
the consent of their parent / guardian if they are under 18.
We may show your name with your contribution, unless you request otherwise. DAWN may need to contact
you for administrative or verification purposes in relation to your contribution, or in relation to
particular projects. For full details of when and how we may contact you please our Privacy Policy plus
any local terms where applicable.
Please do not endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or break any laws when creating
content you may share with DAWN.
Dawn.com communities
In order to participate in and contribute to selected dawn.com communities you may be required to
register with dawn.com. Any personal information supplied as part of this registration process and/or
any other interaction with dawn.com will be collected, stored and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Dawn.com communities (including message boards) shall be used in accordance with the following Community
Rules and the local house rules, if any, of the particular service you're using.The following is unacceptable:
Disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour or material
Unlaw ful or objectionable content
Spamming or off-topic material
Advertising or promoting
'Spoilers', i.e., material that contains plot developments which haven't been previously
transmitted or published in Pakistani media, unless submitted specifically marked as a
'spoiler'.
Impersonation
Inappropriate user names
Posting of URLs (web site addresses), unless allowed under any relevant local house rules.
Misuse of the complaints facility
Contributions which are not your own original work; which infringe the rights of others
Accounts that are not registered with a valid personal email address accessed regularly.
The use of multiple logins for the purpose of disrupting a community or annoying other users
Attempts to hide the use of multiple accounts, or pretending to be a Pakistani user, or attempting to disrupt any service in any way
We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else in any DAWN community.Consequences of breach of Rules:
If DAWN is of the opinion that you have breached any of the above Rules, DAWN may use whatever information
that is available to it about you to stop any further breach. This may include informing relevant third
parties such as your employer, school or email provider about the breach.DAWN reserves the right to delete any contribution, or take any action against any DAWN account, at any time,
for any reason whatsoever, without assigning any reason for such action.For users under 18:
You are required to get a parent's or guardian's permission before taking part in any dawn.com community or
making any contribution.Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
The majority of content posted in dawn.com community pages is created by members of the public. Hence,
views expressed therein may not be those of DAWN. DAWN is not responsible for any content posted by
members of the public on dawn.com or for the availability or content of any third party sites that are
accessible through dawn.com. Any links to third party websites from dawn.com do not amount to any
endorsement of that site by DAWN and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.
All content of this website is provided “AS IS” and on an “AS AVAILABLE” basis. DAWN does not make any
representation or warranty of satisfactory quality, fitness, non-infringement, compatibility, security
and accuracy, nor does it guarantee the timeliness, completeness or performance of the website or any of
the content. While we try to ensure that all content provided is correct at the time of publication, no
responsibility is accepted for any errors, omissions or inaccurate content on the website.
DAWN shall not be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such damage or losses were
foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits;
(c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses
suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from
the use of this website regardless of the form of action.
DAWN does not warrant or guarantee that functions available on this website will be uninterrupted or
error free, that defects will be corrected, or that dawn.com or the server that makes it available are
free of viruses or bugs. It is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks
(including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the
accuracy of data input and output.
General
The failure or delay of DAWN to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not amount to waiver.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Pakistan.
Contacting DAWN about these Terms of Use
Pakistan Herald Publication (Pvt.) Ltd.
Administrator dawn.com
Haroon House,
Dr. Ziauddin Ahmed Road
Karachi, Pakistan
The real legacy of Maradona
POPULAR OPED WRITERS
OVER LAST 3 DAYS
Mahir Ali
Shifting sands
Maleeha Lodhi
Need for a strategic pause
Ashraf Jehangir Qazi
Chomsky masterclass
Arifa Noor
A woman’s place
Zahid Hussain
Politics in times of pandemic
Today's Toon
Filmstrip
Newspaper
Front Page
PM urges opposition to put off rallies to save lives
India shamed over anti-Pakistan disinformation network
Maryam challenges attachment of properties in NAB case
Afghanistan, Iran open first rail network
LNG spot market cold-shoulders Pakistan
Read More
Back Page
Israel, Morocco agree to normalise ties: Trump
Afghan woman journalist shot dead in Jalalabad
Ehsaas bringing positive change to Pakistan: report
La Nina poses threat to wheat crop in rain-fed areas: FAO
PN assumes multinational task force’s command in Bahrain
Read More
National
Govt’s days numbered: Maryam
Rashid rules out martial law
PIA launches Quetta-Turbat operation
PDM has played its cards too early, says minister
Despite rain, smog persists in Lahore
Read More
Karachi
SHC wants details of officials’ plea bargain with NAB filed by 21st
We have our resignations in our pockets: Murad
Sindh govt seeks WHO help for coronavirus vaccination
Plight of prisoners held in Indian, Pakistani jails highlighted
Police asked to file report in ‘fake’ DHA encounter case
Read More
Lahore
DAP shortage at wheat sowing time
Bilawal meets party cadre today to discuss PDM rally
Govt told to go by the book to deal with PDM
DJ Butt released on bail
Vital medicine for heart patients short in market
Read More
Islamabad
Three PML-N potential candidates for Islamabad’s mayorship out of race
Protesting Pims employees to discontinue indoor services
Newly-appointed FPSC chief dies
Ministry told to file
report on relocation of Himalayan brown bears
Quality of online education must not be compromised: educationist
Read More
Peshawar
Opposition members put off protest for 10 days after meeting CM
Kohat police seize big cache of weapons
Dead fish surface in Pandiali dam
Pedo loses company status in legislation
Endowment fund to be announced for artists
Read More
Business
Steel Mills transaction structure for privatisation approved
Roshan account receives $7.7m in a single day
Reza appointed deputy chairman of IFSB
Euro jumps as ECB goes easy, stocks little changed
Manufacturing, construction recovery underway: ADB
Read More
Sport
Williamson pulls out of final WI Test after abrupt U-turn
CSA has faith in Covid-19 protocols despite negative England
Central Punjab seal three-day win over Northern
Former BCCP secretary Rafi Nasim passes away
Real Madrid, Atletico reach last 16 as Neymar hat-trick inspires PSG
Read More
Editorial
Refund claims
Indian disinformation
Karachi fire safety
Resignation talk
HR Day 2020
Read More
Column
Who will pay?
Resignation time
Dissent in Islam
Farmers and more
Poverty-stricken politics
Read More
International
‘Strong possibility’ of ‘no deal’ Brexit, says Johnson
US Senate stops debate on arms sales to UAE after veto threat
Macron gives Sisi France’s highest award, sparks controversy
Rao Anwar on UK sanctions list
Car bomb leaves 16 dead in Syria
Read More
Sunday Magazine
HEALTH: VOICES FROM THE FRONT LINES
Interview: A dose of Bose
CINEMASCOPE: THE JAWS OF RACISM
Past present: Mixed feelings
GOING ONLINE: LESSONS FROM THE CLASSROOM
Read More
Books & Authors
FICTION: TURN UP THE VOLUME
NON-FICTION: A NEW CALL TO ARMS
NON-FICTION: FLYING THE RED BANNER
NON-FICTION: KIM’S TREASURED BOMB
FICTION: DRAGONS BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
Read More
Business & Finance
Kia set to grab bigger auto market share
The dispiriting sameness of change
A job-killing pandemic
Weekly rupee-dollar parity
KSE 100-share index fluctuations
Read More
Young World
Listening tips for online classes
Mailbox
Viewpoint: Dare to strive
Poet's Corner
Book review: The 100 Most Influential People Who Never Lived
Read More
Member