http://www.magabala.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Please note orders placed after 9 December 2020 may not be delivered until January 2021.
Skip to the navigation
Skip to content
Australia’s leading Indigenous publisher
Support us
About us
Books
Authors
Publishing
Awards/Scholarships
Cultural Projects
Education
News
Support us
Log in
Create account
Wishlist
We respectfully caution Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander readers that this website contains images of people who have passed away.
Close
Terms and Privacy
Terms and Conditions
The use of this website is subject to these Terms of Use.
Currency and GST
All Prices are in Australian Dollars and are inclusive of Australian GST (Goods and Services Tax) at the rate of 10%.
Addresses Policy
If the customer provides an incorrect or insufficient address, then the customer will be required to pay the redelivery postage costs to the correct address.
Payment
Payment must be received in full before orders placed through the website are dispatched. Payment can be made online using your credit card via EWay.Alternatively, you may wish to post or fax an order form.We also accept Australian cheques. Please do not to send cash.
Pricing and Availability of Items
The prices shown on the website apply to products purchased online. Prices are set at the recommended publisher price in most instances. In some cases they may be less than the recommended retail price (RRP) when we are running promotions with specific titles.
Disclaimer
The information on this website is provided for general information only. Magabala Books has provided this information for the benefit of users in good faith and with reasonable care. Errors and omissions in this information may occur, including through negligence.Magabala Books does not accept any liability for any loss or damage which may directly or indirectly result from any opinion, information, advice, representation or omission contained on this website.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. As part of our commitment to privacy, we have adopted this Online Privacy Statement.
What do we do with your information?
With your permission, we will send you a quarterly newsletter via email about our new books and Magabala news.
Consent
How do you get my consent?
If we ask for your personal information for a reason such as marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use of your information, at anytime, either by unsubscribing from our emails or by contacting us at marketing@magabala.com.
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Questions and contact information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our CEO at ceo@magabala.com.
Magabala Books reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please review our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to this privacy policy will mean you accept those changes.
Join our mailing list
Get the latest news and updates from Magabala Books.
Join mailing list
We respectfully caution Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander readers that this website contains images of people who have passed away.