http://www.columbiaunion.org/legal-notice-and-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
All information on this Web site is copyrighted by the local website sponsor under license with the North American Division of Seventh-day Adventists®. All rights are reserved. United States copyright law protects all materials contained on this site. By using this site, you acknowledge that the local website sponsor owns all intellectual property rights in and to the site and its contents and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms. You may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, exploit, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, and/or create derivative works from the content either in whole or in part.
This Web site may use special technology called "cookies." Cookies are test files that contain pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard disk. They can be useful for record-keeping purposes and help us to tailor our Web site to the interests and needs of our visitors. Cookies may also be used to increase session security. We do not in any way use this information to personally identify individual users.
No one will sell or distribute any information, including your personal or identifying information, which is obtained through your use of this Web site. Neither party is gathering such information, but may obtain such information by your communication directly with the Web site's Webmaster. Any names or information provided by users of the Web site shall only be used for the purpose such information is provided.
The local website sponsor is providing this Web site for your information purposes only. Certain organizations may choose to link this Web site to their own Web site. Such linkage is not meant to imply that the local website sponsor or any other affiliated Seventh-day Adventist® organization agrees with, supports, or concurs with the content such Web sites may contain. THE LOCAL WEBSITE SPONSOR IS PROVIDING THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES, OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WHATSOEVER TO ANYONE WHO CHOOSES TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE. EACH USER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT USE OF THIS WEB SITE AND ITS CONTENTS IS AT THE USER'S SOLE RISK. THE LOCAL WEBSITE SPONSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEB SITE OR ANY OF ITS CONTENTS WILL BE CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, NON-INFRINGING, OR FREE OF ERRORS OR VIRUSES OR ANYTHING ELSE MANIFESTING CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES, OR THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT IS ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. THE LOCAL WEBSITE SPONSOR NOR ANY PART OF THE SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST® CHURCH WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY (INCLUDING INDIRECT, SPECIAL, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES) THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ANY PART OF THE WEB SITE, OR FROM ANYTHING SUBMITTED OR POSTED BY USERS. THE TERMS OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OF THIS NOTICE AND WEB SITE.
This site is created and controlled under the laws of the State of Maryland, which shall be the law giving effect to and interpretation of all terms and conditions hereunder. Any action pertaining to this Web site shall be in the State of Maryland with Montgomery County the venue for such action. Any person named a party to any action regarding this Web site agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Maryland and of the United States of America located in the State of Maryland. The General Conference Corporation of Seventh-day Adventists® owns the trademarks for the names General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists®, Seventh-day Adventist® and Adventist®, as well as numerous other trademarks. In addition to registration with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, registrations are also current or pending in various other jurisdictions. For further information regarding this Web site or anything related to it, you may send email < legal at adventistchurchconnect dot com > or write to
North American Division of Seventh-day Adventists®
Attention: George Brill, Webmaster
12501 Old Columbia Pike
Silver Spring, MD 20904
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Children's Information May be Received and Retained with Consent, but No Third Party Sharing
The internet, as a widespread and often readily available resource, presents a host of possibilities and challenges for young users. We understand this, and are committed to providing an online experience for children that is safe and rewarding. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we strive to safeguard the privacy of children who visit our Web site. Personal information is defined under COPPA as "individually identifiable information," information that helps others to identify a particular person. The following is information about data we may collect, how we use it, who has access to it, and what parents' and legal guardians' rights are with regard to the collection, storage, and use of their child's personal information.
Visitors to our Web site under age 13 are for the most part free to access the various features our site offers without disclosing any personal information. From time to time, however, we offer interactive programs and activities that may require children to disclose personal information in order to participate. We may also request personal information for demographic interests and research to help us provide for our parents and children. Children will not be required to disclose any more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in a program or activity. The information required may include the child's Name, email address, age, mailing address, along with other personal data.
Before children under age 13 will be permitted to disclose personal information to participate in any programs or activities, we require consent from a parent or legal guardian. In order to do this, we will ask the child to provide his or her first and last name and email address, as well as the email address of a parent or legal guardian. With this information, we will email the parent or legal guardian and request consent for the collection and use of the child's personal information. Parents or legal guardians may give their consent by completing an attached consent form and returning it by mail or facsimile. Parents or legal guardians may also choose to give consent simply by emailing us directly. If parents or legal guardians choose this option, we will verify their emailed consent by follow up letter, telephone call, or email. Once consent is given, the child will be permitted to participate.
Parents or legal guardians who provide consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information may revoke that consent at any time. They may also review and edit their child's information and request that information be deleted at any time. Parents or legal guardians who have any other questions or concerns about our privacy policy, who wish to revoke consent to the collection and use of their child's information and stop all future collection of that information, or who wish to review and/or delete their child's information may contact , our Web site contact operator, by email at < clayton at 316creative dot com >, by telephone at (410) 997-3414, or by mail at 5427 Twin Knolls Rd Columbia MD,21045-3247 USA. Parents or legal guardians must also verify their identity and relationship to the child by providing their Name, Address, and Stated Legal Relationship to the Child.
The following is a list of all our Web site operators that may be collecting or maintaining personal information from children.
Use of Cookies
Besides sponsoring programs that may require the disclosure of personal information for participation, we may also use special technology called "cookies." Cookies are test files that contain pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard disk. They can be useful for record-keeping purposes and help us to tailor our Web site to the interests and needs of our visitors. Cookies may also be used to increase session security. We do not in any way use this information to personally identify individual users.