https://www.gnof.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Greater New Orleans Foundation
Donor Central
Contact Us
News & Insights
Programs & Events
Donors
Ways to Give
Why GNOF?
Donor Stories
Gift Types
Field of Interest Funds
Donor FAQs
Resources
Partners
Ways to Partner
Why GNOF?
Employee Assistance Funds
Current Partners
Advisors
Professional Advisors
Fund Types
Planned Giving
Financials
Cornerstone Council
Resources & Forms
Nonprofits
Grant Opportunities
Nonprofit Leadership & Effectiveness
What We Do
Program Areas
Initiatives
Who We Are
About GNOF
Our Region
Center for Philanthropy
Board and Staff
Financials
Publications
Donor Stories
Search
Give
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Search
Go
Please read and review our privacy policy.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.gnof.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about programs, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
We partner with other parties to provide specific services. When the users sign up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 504.598.4663.
Cookie Settings
By agreeing to accept our use of cookies, you are giving us, and third parties we partner with, permission to place, store, and access some or all the cookies described below on your computer.
Strictly Necessary Cookies – These cookies are necessary for proper functioning of the website, such as displaying content, logging in, validating your session, responding to your request for services, and other functions. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. However, if you disable these cookies, you may not be able to access features on our website correctly or at all.
Performance Cookies – These cookies collect information about the use of the website, such as pages visited, traffic sources, users’ interests, content management, and other website measurements.
Functional Cookies – These cookies enable the website to remember a user’s choices – such as their language, user name, and other personal choices – while using the website. They can also be used to deliver services, such as letting a user make a blog post, listen to audio, or watch videos on the website.
Media Cookies – These cookies can be used to improve a website’s performance and provide special features and content. They can be placed by third parties who provide services to us or by our company.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies – These cookies are usually placed and used by advertising companies to develop a profile of your browsing interests and serve advertisements on other websites that are related to your interests. You will see less advertising if you disable these cookies.
Session Cookies – These cookies allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes, such as remembering what a user has put in their shopping cart as they browse a website. Session cookies also permit users to be recognized as they navigate a website so that any item or page changes they make are remembered from page to page. Session cookies expire after a browser session; thus, they are not stored long term.
Persistent Cookies – These cookies are stored on a user’s device in between browser sessions, which allows the user’s preferences or actions across a site (or, in some cases, across different sites) to be remembered. Persistent cookies may be used for a variety of purposes, including remembering users’ choices and preferences when using a website or to target advertising to them.
We may also use cookies for:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart
Allowing you to share content with social networks
Affiliate marketing
Allowing you to post comments
Identifying the areas of our website that you have visited
Personalizing content that you see on our website
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements
Remarketing our products or services to you
Remembering your preferences, settings, and login details
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access features on our website correctly or at all.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
We use cookies to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics Partners.OkPrivacy policy