https://www.unlock.org.uk/privacy
HomePrivacy
Privacy policyFind out how we collect, use and store your personal information and data.
Contents
Who’s responsible for keeping your personal information safeWhat do we do with your informationWhen we use your information without permissionWhen you get advice from an adviserUsing our websiteHow we use cookiesUsing our online forumUsing our disclosure calculatorApplying for a job or volunteer roleBooking training and eventsIf you are helping us with research, campaigns or newsWhen you make a complaint about our serviceSigning up to our mailing listWhen you make a donationOther times Unlock will collect your dataHow we keep your information safeRegistration with the ICOYour rights, and requesting a copy of the data we’ve stored about youAsking us to delete your detailsContact us about your dataIf you want to make a complaint
At Unlock, we collect and use your personal information to help solve your problems, improve our services and tackle wider issues that affect the lives of people with a criminal record.
We only ask for the information we need. We always let you decide what you’re comfortable telling us, explain why we need it and treat it as confidential.
When we record and use your personal information we:
only access it when we have a good reason
only share what is necessary and relevant
don’t sell it to anyone
We handle and store your personal information in line with data protection law.
When you use our website, we collect a type of data called cookies which tell us what you’re clicking on. Find out more about how we use cookies.
We know that there’s a lot of information here, but we want you to be fully informed about your rights, and how Unlock uses your data. We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have, but if not, please get in touch with us.
Who’s responsible for keeping your personal information safe
Unlock is responsible for keeping your personal information safe and making sure we comply with data protection law. This means we are a ‘data controller’ for your personal information. When this notice refers to ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’ we are referring to Unlock.
What do we do with your information
How we handle your personal information depends on how you interact with us.
When you get advice from an adviser
Using our website – including how we use cookies
Using our online forum
Using our disclosure calculator
Applying for a job or volunteer role
Booking training or events
If you are helping us with research, campaigns or news
When you make a complaint about our service
Signing up to our mailing list
When you make a donation
Other times we will collect your data (and give you a further privacy notice)
This page has sections that explains how we handle your personal information on each of the areas above. The policies might change from time to time, but we’ll update this page when it does.
If you want to find out more about how we use your personal information, you can email us at admin@unlock.org.uk.
You can find out more about your data rights on the Information Commissioner’s website.
When we use your information without permission
At times we might use or share your information without your permission. We’ll only do this if there’s a legal basis for it. This could include situations where we have to use or share your information:
to comply with the law, called ‘legal obligation’ – for example, if a court orders us to share information
to protect someone’s life, called ‘vital interests’ – for example, sharing information with a paramedic if a client was unwell at our office
to carry out our aims and goals as an organisation, called ‘legitimate interests’ – for example, to create anonymous case studies and statistics for our research and policy work
to carry out a contract we have with you, called ‘contract’ – for example, if you’re an employee we might need to store your bank details so we can pay you (covered in our internal privacy notice)
to defend our legal rights – for example, to resolve a complaint that we gave the wrong advice
When you get advice from an adviser
We collect and use the details you give us so we can help you. We have a ‘legitimate interest’ to do this under data protection law. This means it lets us carry out our aims and goals as an organisation. We’ll always explain how we use your information.
What information we ask for
We’ll only ask for information that’s relevant to your problem. Depending on what you want help with, this might include:
your name and contact details – so we can keep in touch with you about your situation
your criminal record – for example, when you were cautioned/convicted, the sentence you received and the circumstances leading up to it and since
personal information – for example about family, work, or financial circumstances, or if you’re vulnerable or at risk of harm
details about the things that causing you problems – like work, insurance or travel
information like your gender, ethnicity or sexual orientation
We occasionally ask for details about someone else like a neighbour or your partner so we can deal with an enquiry. We’ll only do this if we have a legitimate interest in the information, or we need it to protect someone’s life.
If you don’t want to give us certain information, you don’t have to. For example, if you want to stay anonymous we’ll only record information about your problem and make sure you’re not identified. However, this may limit our ability to help where certain information is needed to provide you with accurate information, advice and support.
We’ll always ask for your consent to store information that personally identifies you about your:
criminal record
health conditions
ethnic origin
religion
trade union membership
sexual orientation
You can withdraw your consent at any time. Tell us what personal information you don’t want us to store and we’ll delete it.
How we use your information
The main reason we ask for your information is to help solve your problem.
We only access your information for other reasons if we really need to – for example:
for training and quality purposes
to investigate complaints
to get feedback from you about our services
to help us improve our services
All advisers and staff accessing data have had data protection training to make sure your information is handled sensitively and securely.
Understanding people’s problems by anonymising data
We use some information you have provided to create statistics and case studies about who we’re helping and what problems people are facing. This information is always anonymised – you can’t be identified. For example, we may use your case (but remove any personal information) when compiling a case study to evidence the discrimination that people with criminal records face in a particular area. We will not seek your consent to using your information in a way that doesn’t personally identify you. However, where there is a concern as to whether it would lead to you being personally identified, we will seek your explicit consent beforehand.
We share this information with funders, regulators, government departments and publicly on our blogs, reports, social media and press releases.
The statistics also inform our policy research, campaigns, or media work.
When we share your information with other organisations
With your permission, we might share your information with other organisations so we can:
help solve your problem – for example, if you ask us to contact your creditors we might need to share your name, address and financial details with them
refer you quickly to another organisation for more advice, if relevant
monitor the quality of our services
Organisations we share your data with must store and use your data in line with data protection law.
If we’re concerned about your or someone else’s safety
If something you’ve told us makes us think you or someone you know might be at serious risk of harm, we could tell the police or social services – for example if we think you might hurt yourself or someone else.
Other than as set out above, we will not:
provide your data to any third party without your explicit prior consent
pass your data to third parties for marketing purposes without your consent
share your data with any government department or agency without your consent
Storing your information if you contact us
Whether you get advice over the phone, by email or chat, our adviser will log all your personal information, correspondence, and notes about your problem into our secure case management systems. We rely on your consent to do this under data protection law. You can withdraw your permission for us to store your personal information at any time – known legally as withdrawing consent. Tell us what personal information you don’t want us to store and we’ll delete it.
We use a system called Lamplight as our case management system. Lamplight’s servers are hosted by Amazon Web Services (AWS), and all the resources are located in the London region. The data-centre is accredited to ISO27001, among others – details of compliance with numerous security and Information Governance standards is available at https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/. Remote access uses encrypted connections, using non-standard logins and public/private key authentication (and encrypted private keys). Our server provider does not have access to the server or the data on it. Servers are isolated from the internet and access is only permitted from particular locations. Two-factor authentication is always used to access control panels. Firewalls are enabled limiting traffic by type and source. All data transferred between our systems and the server is encrypted using 256-bit SSL.
Some of your information might also be kept within our secure email and IT systems. We use Office365 for our emails and SharePoint for file storage.
All hard-copy documents containing personal data are stored in a room which is locked when unoccupied. We operate a ‘clean desk’ policy to ensure that these records are not left unattended in our offices or in areas accessible to the members of the public, and only those who need to use this data have access to it.
All other forms of data will be held securely and in confidence at all times. We will take all reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorised disclosure to, or access by, a third party.
We keep your information for 6 years. If your case has been subject to a serious complaint, insurance claim or other dispute we keep the data for 16 years.
If you contact us on web chat or by email
We’ll store your chat transcript or email in our case management systems – this is kept for 6 years.
For online chat, in most cases the transcript is also stored in an online system run by our trusted partner LiveChat. LiveChat also records:
the country and city you’re in
the type of device you’re using, your operating system and your browser
your IP address and the name of your internet service provider
Our chat advisers can see this information when they chat with you, but it isn’t copied to your case record.
We use this data to improve the advice we give you. We also use it to research the needs of our users. This helps us make sure people in different areas and using different devices and systems can use our website and chat service.
LiveChat keep anonymised statistics on chat data in an archive so they can track chat usage and performance. This data doesn’t contain your personal information. LiveChat store their data securely within the European Economic Area (EEA) in line with data protection law.
You can ask for a copy of your chat to be securely emailed to you. The sender of the email will be advice@unlock.org.uk.
LiveChat will retain personal data to the extent required by applicable European Union law or the law of an EU Member State and only to the extent and for such period as required by such laws. We delete data from LiveChat after 12 months.
If you tell us sensitive details about yourself, we’ll check your permission to use and store them. This includes your criminal record details, health conditions, ethnic origin, religion, trade union membership and sexual orientation.  Permission to store sensitive data is recorded on our case management system.
If you get advice over the phone
If you call us, we’ll record the conversation for training and monitoring purposes.
When you call, you’ll hear a recorded message telling you how we use and store your information – you can let the adviser know if you disagree.
Call recordings are stored by our trusted partner, VoIPStudio. They’ll be deleted after 180 days. We’ll store details of your call in our case management systems – this is kept for 6 years.
If you get advice by WhatsApp
We’ll store your WhatsApp transcript in our case management systems – this is kept for 6 years. You should also read WhatsApp’s privacy policy
Using our website
This section applies to your use of unlock.org.uk and its subdomains and should be read alongside the website terms of use. Websites we link to should have their own privacy notice.
When you use our website we collect information from you such as location data, cookies, or personal information you give us through completing online forms.
Webchat and email advice
If you use webchat, email advice or a form to request advice, see the section (above) on when you get advice from an adviser.
Cookies
We use data called cookies to get information about how you’re using our website – for example, what pages you click on and what device you’re using. This helps us improve your experience of our website. Find out more how we collect and use cookies when you browse our website.
Your location
With your permission, we may collect data on your location – to within 1 square kilometre. You can’t be identified from this information – it’s completely anonymous.
This helps us see how demand for our content changes by location – for example, if a lot of people look at employment advice in one area of the country, we can target our information to meet that need or investigate why there are problems with housing in that area.
How we collect your location data
We’ll collect your location data using Google Analytics. When you visit our website for the first time, a box may appear at the top of your screen telling you that Unlock would like to know your location. You can choose to block it, or allow your location to be shared with us.
If you don’t want Google Analytics to collect your data, you can opt out by downloading the opt-out plug in to your device.
Storing and sharing your location data
Your location data is stored in Google Analytics. You can check Google’s privacy policy for more about how they handle your data.
We download your data from Google Analytics onto our secure internal systems. We’ll use the data to create anonymised statistics about how people in different locations are using our website.
We keep location data for 26 months before deleting .
If you used another feature on our site
We also collect information about you if you:
fill in template letters on our advice pages
used the feedback form – feedback is anonymous and is collected using Wufoo. See Wufoo’s privacy policy.
left comments on our site – we will not collect any personally identifiable information from comments. See our policy on comments left on our site. Comments are collected and published using Disqus. See Disqus’s privacy policy.
How we use cookies
When you use our website, we add cookies to your device to:
make sure the website works well for you
find out how you’re using our website so we can improve it
By using our website, we assume you agree to us adding cookies to your device. If you want to disable, block or remove cookies, you can do this at any time.
Making our website work well
We add cookies to your device so you have a good experience when you use our website – for example:
remembering your preferences
stopping the cookie notice showing all the time
Cookies other companies add to your device
If you use tools or services on our website that are delivered by other organisations, they might put cookies on your device when you use it.
The tools and services we have on our website from other organisations are:
Google forms, maps and Youtube videos – read Google’s privacy policy
SurveyMonkey feedback forms – read SurveyMonkey’s privacy policy
EventBrite events sign ups – read EventBrite’s privacy policy
embedded Twitter feeds – read Twitter’s cookies policy
MailChimp sign ups – read MailChimp’s policy
Disqus comments – read Disqus’ privacy policy
If you use online chat
When you use online chat, our chat provider LiveChat adds cookies to your device to make the chat work smoothly.
You can’t be identified from any of the cookies and none of your personal information is taken through them.
Cookie name
What it’s used for
How long it’s kept on your device
JavaScript
This cookie remembers what you’ve done on our website including online chat.
Until you leave our website by closing your browser
Finding out how you use our website
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how you’re using our website.
It collects information by putting cookies on your device. It shares that data with us and we use it to improve our website – for example, making popular pages easier to find. This information is not connected to you personally, and is in aggregate form. This kind of information helps us to understand how our visitors use our site so that future website development can better meet your needs.
Google Analytics collect information about:
which links you click on
where you move the mouse or cursor across the page
how much you scroll up and down on the page
your browser, device and operating system
the language you’re using
your screen’s resolution
the length of time you’re on our website
your ISP and approximate ISP Location (City, Region, Country)
how you got to our website
The data collected through cookies is all anonymous – you can’t be identified by it.
We store the information for 6 years and then delete it.
Read more about how Google Analytics uses cookies.
Remove or disable cookies
If you disable all cookies you:
won’t be able to have your preferences remembered
won’t be able to fill in forms on our website
might not be able to use webchat or see content from other companies like Youtube videos or SurveyMonkey feedback forms
To block cookies, you should change the settings in your web browser. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. Click on ‘Help’ in your web browser and search for ‘cookies’.
Cookies from Google Analytics tell us how you’re using our site. You can opt out if you don’t want these cookies added to your device. Opt out from Google Analytics cookies.
You can find out more about cookies and how to delete them on the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) website (link to another website).
This cookies policy only covers unlock.org.uk and its subdomains. Websites we link to should have their own cookies policy.
Using our online forum
What information we collect
When you use our forum we collect information from you such as location data, cookies as well as personal information you give us when registering as a member, including:
your name
email address
general details about your criminal record
How we use and share your information
We only ask for your personal information to enable you to be registered as a member of the forum.
If something you put on the forum makes us think you or someone you know might be at serious risk of harm, we could tell the police or social services – for example if we think you might hurt yourself or someone else – or where Unlock deems it appropriate in response to complaints of a substantial nature.
Other than as set out above, we will not:
provide your data to any third party without your explicit prior consent
pass your data to third parties for marketing purposes without your consent
share your data with any government department or agency without your consent
Storing your information
We’ll store your information securely on our internal systems.
We keep your data for as long as you remain a member of the forum. If you de-register, we’ll delete your personal information although any posts you made would be retained.
Using our disclosure calculator
What information we collect
When you use our disclosure calculator we collect your date of birth and information about your criminal record. To enable the calculator to provide an accurate result, we require (for each caution/conviction received):
Date of caution/conviction
Type of disposal
Sentence/disposal received
Date of birth
In addition, you may provide us with:
Names of conviction
Email address
Your reason for use
Name and role if using as part of your work
We also collect statistical information about your use, including:
Date of use
IP address
Number of cautions/convictions
Categorising results (“all spent”, “some unspent”, “some never spent”.
How we use and share your information
We do not share your information with any third party.
We use your data to:
provide an online result as to when a criminal record becomes spent
send you an email with the results (if required)
We download statistical information from the disclosure calculator onto our secure internal systems.
We download your data from Google Analytics onto our secure internal systems. We’ll use the data to create anonymised statistics about how people in different locations are using the disclosure calculator.
Storing your information
We keep statistical information for 18 months.
Applying for a job or volunteer role
When you apply to work or volunteer at Unlock, we collect your personal information through your application form, interview or references so we can process your application. We have a separate internal privacy notice for people that work for us.
What information we ask for
We’ll collect personal details such as name, address, telephone number and email address, previous job history and experience, qualifications, and any support needs you may have [together with other information which is relevant to the role you’re applying for].
We’ll also ask for diversity information like your gender, ethnicity and sexual orientation. You don’t have to tell us this – if you do, it’s always separated from your application and anonymised.
We might collect other information depending on whether you’ve applied for a staff or volunteer role.
You’ve applied for a staff role
If we offer you a position, we’ll ask for:
references for your previous and current work
proof of your right to work in the UK, like a valid UK passport or visa
your national insurance number and P45
your bank details, so we can pay you
On rare occasions, where it’s needed for the role, we might contact the DBS for a criminal record check. Once the DBS check is completed and you’ve received your certificate, we’d expect you to share this information with us as part of the background check process. This information would include your name, date of birth, place of birth, gender, position applied for and anything else disclosed on your DBS check. These forms are stored and processed securely and confidentially by Unlock and DBS. You can read the basic DBS check privacy policy on the GOV.UK website.
Other than the DBS, we don’t share your information with external organisations – it’s only shared internally so that we can review your application.
You’ve applied for a volunteer role
If we offer you a volunteering position, we may ask you for referees and ask about your previous and current work and experience.
How we use your information
We’ll use the information you give us to decide whether or not you’ve got the right skills and experience for the role and whether to offer you the role.
We’ll use the demographic information to make sure we’re employing a diverse workforce and volunteer community.
Staff who access your information have had training to make sure your information is handled sensitively and securely.
Storing your information
We keep your information securely on our internal systems.
Booking training and events
What information we ask for
We will process your personal data as is necessary to run the event and for you to attend. We process the name and contact details of delegates, the person who is paying for the delegate as well as the name and address of the organisation. We process sensitive personal data including delegate accessibility and special dietary requirements.
We will email you in the run up to the event with information about the event as necessary.
We share information you provide us on booking with third parties as necessary for the purposes of the event, e.g. giving dietary requirements to caterers; delegate and organisational names to printers or the venue for name badges. We share details with speakers and trainers, so they know their audience. We will share delegate details, but not contact e-mail addresses, with other delegates, sponsors and hosts.
We will keep these full booking details for as long as is necessary to run the event and for no longer than six months after the date of the event.
Making payments
If you choose to pay for your booking by card you will be directed to Eventbrite who will process your payment on our behalf. Unlock will not access, use or keep your card details and we will not ask for them through our website nor by phone or email. In order for Eventbrite to take your card payment we will share some of the information you have provided such as the name of the person making the payment, the amount to be paid and the details of your order (for example the name of the event and number of delegates). Eventbrite will provide you with a privacy notice detailing how they process your data. Eventbrite will usually share information with us including as the name of the person making the payment (typically the cardholder) and payment type (eg mobile payment), they will also give us details you provide to them such as a contact name, address and phone number.
If you choose to pay by invoice, the details you provide will be used to create and send you the invoice, to send further payment requests and to recognise and process your payment.
Online training, webinar and meeting platforms used by Unlock
Unlock is currently using Zoom as a platform for hosting events online.  Zoom has its own privacy policies which apply to everyone using that platform.  We address polices and issues around using Zoom below.
We understand there are concerns about Zoom, privacy and data, however, Zoom is a really effective environment to host meetings and seminars and we need to be practical and accessible.  We will do what we reasonably can as hosts, such as turning off tracking and the “attention tracking” feature in our settings, to limit Zoom’s data harvesting as far as we can. However, we do appreciate that there are limits to what we can do as some features are inherent in Zoom. Zoom are also responding to concerns raised by organisations and have been updating their policies, procedures and technology, for example addressing issues in a blog post here.
You can read Zoom’s privacy statement here and their data processing addendum, here.
IIf you are still concerned about privacy, you can take the following steps to protect yourself even further:
Do not install the Zoom application (nor any addons / plugins to web browser).
Avoid using the service on professional devices (as far as possible)
Join the meeting via the web browser version https://www.zoom.us/join
Try to use a privacy protecting browser (such as Brave or Mozilla’s firefox).
Avoid turning on the camera if possible (and turn the camera off if you are not talking).
If you are helping us with research, campaigns or news
If we’re in touch with you to help us with research, campaigns or media work, we’ll have collected information from you by either:
being in contact with you by phone, email or some other channel
accessing your records on our case management system – if you’ve got advice from us before
accessing a survey you completed – for example on our website
We’ll always tell you how we’ll use your information and ask your permission. For example, by signing a paper consent form, giving agreement over the phone or ticking a box online.
If we want to record an interview with you, we’ll ask.
What information we ask for
We only ask for the information we need to tell your story or inform our research. Depending on how we want you to help us, this might include information about:
your situation like work, family or financial circumstances – and how it affects you
your criminal record – and how it affects you
how you use Unlock and other organisations’ services – and what you thought about them
your name and contact details – so we can keep in touch with you
demographic information like your gender, ethnicity or sexual orientation
If you don’t want to give us some personal details, you don’t have to.
You can withdraw your permission for us to store your personal information at any time – known legally as withdrawing consent. Tell us what personal information you don’t want us to store and we’ll delete it.
How we use and share your information
We’ll explain how we want to use your information – for example, we might want to:
include your information in a report or blog as part of our research and design, campaigns, or media work
use your information to improve our services
ask you to share your story with the media
If we’re sharing your story publicly, you can stay anonymous if you want to – we’ll change some details of your story to make sure you can’t be identified.
We might share your information with government or industry regulators as part of our campaigns and policy work.
Organisations we share your data with must store and use it in line with data protection law – they can’t pass it on or sell it without your permission.
We only access your information for other reasons if we really need to – for example, to investigate complaints.
All staff accessing data have had training to make sure your information is handled sensitively and securely.
Storing your information
Copies of your records are kept securely on our internal systems.
You can withdraw your permission for us to store your personal information at any time – known legally as withdrawing consent. Tell us what personal information you don’t want us to store and we’ll delete it.
When you make a complaint about our service
If you make a complaint, we collect personal information from you so we can help deal with your complaint.
We have a ‘legitimate interest’ to collect your information under data protection law. This means it lets us carry out our aims and goals as an organisation. We’ll always ask your permission before using your information to deal with the complaint.
We collect your information from you via phone, email, online form or letter – depending on how you complain.
If someone contacts us on your behalf about a complaint we’ll get your permission before we log any of your information.
What information we ask for
So we can help you with your complaint, we need to know:
your name
which Unlock service you are complaining about
one way we can get in touch with you – email, phone or address
details of the complaint
You don’t have to tell us, but we’ll also ask you about your:
address
phone number
email
problem
If you tell us you’ve a disability or support need, we’ll also make a note of that so we can help you access our services.
If your complaint is about advice you received, we might need to look at the information we’ve recorded about your problem.
How we use your information
We use the information you give us to deal with your complaint.
We’ll only access your information for other reasons if we really need to – for example:
for training and quality purposes
to include anonymised complaint statistics in internal reports
All staff accessing data have had training to make sure your information is handled sensitively and securely.
When we share your information
If you escalate your complaint to an external independent adjudicator, we’ll share your complaint information with them.
If your complaint involves an insurance claim, we might share details of your complaint with our insurance representative.
Storing your information
We’ll store your information securely on our internal systems.
We keep your data for 6 years. If your complaint is serious or involves an insurance claim or other dispute we keep the data for 16 years.
Signing up to our mailing list
When you sign up to our newsletters, we collect personal information from you so we can:
send you the information you’ve asked for
let you know when and how we’ll be contacting you in the future
When you subscribe, you give us permission to process your information and contact you. You might do this by:
ticking a consent box on a sign-up form
completing a form or survey on our website
asking Unlock staff or volunteers to add you to a mailing list
You can unsubscribe at any time – click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in your newsletter or email.
What information we collect
We’ll ask for your email address, your reason for subscribing, your organisations/role (if applicable) and what you would like to receive.
We use a service called Mailchimp to send newsletters. When you open an email from us, Mailchimp uses cookies to record:
your country
what type of device you’re using
whether you opened the email or not
what links you click on within the email
Mailchimp use this information to improve your experience. They share the data with us so we can track engagement of our newsletters and make improvements. Read Mailchimp’s cookie policy.
Sharing your information with other organisations
We share your information with Mailchimp so we can send you the emails you’ve signed up for. Mailchimp keep your information secure and won’t share it with anyone else. Mailchimp process your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). MailChimp is based in the US and therefore the information we collect from you will be transferred to Mailchimp (and therefore to the US) for the purposes of using that system. We believe that there is no material risk associated with transferring this limited information outside of the EU. Read Mailchimp’s privacy policy.
Storing your information
For most of our newsletters, we store your information on Mailchimp for as long as you’re subscribed to the newsletter. If you do unsubscribe, MailChimp will keep your email address on record to ensure we do not email you again.
When you make a donation
When you donate to us we need to collect some of your personal information. We’ll always collect, use and store your data responsibly, and make sure your data is protected.
What information we ask for
The personal information we collect depends on what we need to do with it.
We’ll need to collect certain information to process your donation. We might also need to collect other information if you ask us to do something else – for example, if you also want us to add you to one of our mailing lists to keep you updated about our work.
We might need to collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
data to identify you, such as your name and date of birth – for example, if you make a donation
your contact details, such as email address, postal address and phone number – for example, if you sign up to receive communications from us
financial data, such as your bank or card details and gift aid status – when you make a donation (we don’t store card information)
marketing data, such as your preferences for how we communicate with you
your reason for donating and specific interests relating to the work of Unlock – this means we can make sure our communications with you are relevant
records of your history with us, including transaction data, details of your donation, and correspondence
How we use your information
We’ll only use your data for the reason it was collected. For example, for:
processing information internally
processing a payment
deciding how we continue to communicate with you and what we send
reviewing our services and how we operate
The lawful grounds we use to process your personal data are:
legal obligations – we’ll sometimes pass on personal information to comply with our legal obligations. For example, providing tax and gift aid information to HMRC in the UK
legitimate interest – our legitimate interests enable us to meet our charitable objectives. This includes governance and operational management, publicity and income generation, administration and financial management and control
consent – we rely on consent as a legal basis to process your information when we send you marketing communications about fundraising, campaigning or events. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any emails we send you
When we share your information
We might share your information without your consent if we’re required to by law, for example:
to assist police enquiries
in response to court orders
to prevent fraud
to protect your safety or the safety of others
We might also need to share your personal information with suppliers who provide products or services that help us do our work – for example, organisations that help us manage donations.
We make sure the suppliers we work with follow data protection law. We’ll manage the relationship with them and their obligations through a legally binding data processing agreement.
They’ll only use your information to do the work we’ve asked them to and only if that information is relevant to the work they’re doing. They can’t give, sell or rent your personal information to anyone else for any reason.
Storing your information
We’ll store your information for 6 years. If you tell us you don’t want us to contact you, we’ll still need to store your information for financial reasons.
We’ll do all we can to maintain the security, integrity and confidentiality of your data. We’ll make sure your information is handled sensitively and securely.
Other times Unlock will collect your data
We will issue you additional privacy notices with further information specific to you if you:
Become an Unlock member of staff, trustee or volunteer
Are being asked to provide your data in a way that is not covered by the above privacy notices.
In so far as a bespoke privacy notice suggests we will treat your information differently to this privacy notice, please assume the bespoke privacy notice is correct or contact us to clarify.
How we keep your information safe
All the details you provide to us on our website are taken and held securely using SSL encryption. You can tell the page you are entering details on is secure because ‘https’ will replace the ‘http’ at the front of the www.unlock.org.uk. A small padlock will also appear in your browser window.
All personal information stored electronically is kept on secure servers, with access restricted to relevant staff and, if appropriate, volunteers.
Registration with the ICO
We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) as a data controller because the charity handles and stores a significant amount of personal data about individuals. We have notified the ICO of the purposes for which personal data are held, and as a result the organisation’s name is on the public register maintained by the ICO as a data controller. When notifying the ICO, we provided details of the personal data that we process, the purposes for which the data are to be processed, details of who we intend to disclose data to, and a description of the security measures to be taken to ensure that personal data is protected.
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113, or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
Your rights, and requesting a copy of the data we’ve stored about you
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete, for example, when you withdraw consent, or object and we have no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold the data has come to an end.
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
If we choose not to action your request, we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that we hold at any time (often known as “subject access”), and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. Although we have up to 30 days to supply this information, we will try our best to provide it sooner than this.
Formal requests under the Data Protection Act need to be sent in writing, either by post or email. To ask for your information, you can either email admin@unlock.org.uk or write to Unlock, Maidstone Community Support Centre, 39-48 Marsham Street, Maidstone, Kent, ME14 1HH.
To respond to a request, we require the following information:
Your full name
Address (including postcode)
Telephone number
Email address (if available)
A description of the data that you are requesting, and any additional information which will enable us to locate it
Evidence of your identity (e.g. a copy of your passport, driving licence – please do not send originals)
How you would like to receive the information (either by email or by post).
If a third party is acting on your behalf, proof of the third party’s identity and your authority to disclose your information to them must also be provided in writing.
In addition to the right to receive a copy of all the personal data held you, you are also entitled to be told that we, or somebody on our behalf, are processing data about you, to be given a description of the personal data, the purposes for which the data is being processed and a description of those to whom the data may be disclosed. This will be met by us providing you with a copy of this notice alongside a copy of any information that we hold.
You are not entitled to information relating to other people (unless they are acting on your behalf). Neither are you entitled to information simply because you may be interested in it. Subject access provides a right to see the information contained in personal data, rather than a right to see the documents that include that information.
Asking us to delete your details
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent. You can withdraw consent in various ways, depending on what you are withdrawing consent from. If you would like to withdraw consent completely, please provide details by email to admin@unlock.org.uk.
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so, unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Contact us about your data
You can contact us at any time and ask us:
What information we’ve stored about you
To change or update your details
To delete your details from our records
Send us a message at admin@unlock.org.uk.
If you want to make a complaint
If you’re not happy with how we’ve handled your data, you can make a complaint.
TOP
We use cookies on this website to help us improve it.					Find out more about how we use cookies in our privacy policy - click here
Click here to remove this notice