http://www.obs.coe.int/web/observatoire/terms-of-use
Skip to Content
Home
About us
What we do
Organisation
Members / Executive Council
Advisory Committee
Network
Events
Presidency public events
Team
Villa Schutzenberger
Legal
Our publications
IRIS Newsletter
IRIS Plus
IRIS Special
IRIS Extra
IRIS Themes
IRIS Bonus
Mapping reports
Other publications
Workshops
Thematic search
Advertising
Broadcasting
Cinema
Communication
Copyright
In the public interest
On-demand services
Regulatory structures
Tax law
Markets
Film
Focus
Television
Home video and VOD
Children
Public funding
National reports
Yearbook - Key trends
Countries
International treaties
National overview
Online services
IRIS Newsletter
Yearbook Online Service
AVMSDatabase
IRIS Merlin database
LUMIERE database
MAVISE database
LUMIERE VOD
EFARN Research Library
A-Z
Press
2020 Press releases
2019 Press Releases
2018 Press Releases
2017 Press Releases
Paid-for services
LOGIN
FIND
LANG : FR
LANG : DE
European Audiovisual Observatory
Terms of use/
Terms of use
Disclaimer (and terms of use)
The European Audiovisual Observatory's (hereinafter "Observatory") website is intended to provide public access to information relevant to the European audiovisual sector. Despite our efforts to ensure the accuracy of the content, the Observatory declines to accept any responsibility for the content or for uses made of it.
The information which our site contains is solely compiled for general information and not meant to give advice as to the specific situation of any individual or legal entity.
The information is not necessarily complete, exhaustive, accurate or up to date. Most of the information and data are reported or compiled with the help of external sources and even though the Observatory seeks to accomplish accuracy, it does not have the means to check systematically their truthfulness or pertinence.
The pages refer to external sites over which the Council of Europe has no control and in respect of which it declines to accept any responsibility. Therefore such references shall not be interpreted to mean that our organisation endorses the content of these pages.
The pages published on this website do not constitute a professional or legal opinion of the Observatory, the Council of Europe or any other organisation, entity or person contributing to our website.
While the Observatory cannot guarantee that there are no errors on its site, it does endeavour, where appropriate, to correct those that are drawn to its attention.
The Observatory reserves the right to deny, at its sole discretion, any user whatsoever access to the Site or to a part thereof.
Privacy policy
Privacy Protection
This policy establishes how we handle the information we learn about you when you visit the main European Audiovisual Observatory (hereafter known as “EAO”) website (www.obs.coe.int), or any of its pages (collectively “the EAO webpages”). Protecting the privacy and personal data of our visitors is of utmost importance to us. Therefore protecting your privacy and your personal data is an important aspect of the way we create, organise and implement our activities on-line and off-line. Our website and the way in which we handle your contact data strive to respect the principles set out in the recent European Union “General Data Protection Regulation” (GDPR) of 25 May 2018, and the Council of Europe “Convention for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data”.
The specific practices outlined in this privacy statement apply to the EAO website.
Purpose Specifications and Data Collection
In general, you can browse the EAO website without disclosing any information about yourself. If you visit the EAO website to read or download information, we collect and store only the following information that is automatically recognised: the date and time, the originating IP address, the domain name, the type of browser and operating system used (if provided by the browser), the URL of the referring page (if provided by the browser), the object requested and the completion status of the request.
We do not associate the information stored in a visitor's cookie with any other personal data about that visitor.
All our employees and controllers who have access to personal data and are associated with the processing of that data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of data.
Visitor's Choice
Registering on our website is optional. We collect the personal data that you volunteer on creating a user profile on our website www.obs.coe.int or by participating in an order, survey, competition, or other forms, or by email. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use the EAO website. However, you will not be able to purchase items or receive email alerts. The EAO views the contact data that it collects as a valuable and confidential asset. We take great care to ensure its safety.
You may choose to register to the following EAO services: "Shop" or " IRIS Newsletter". If this is the case you will receive promotional or marketing information from the EAO when you register personal data. If you choose to register, your information will be available to EAO Staff for the purpose of event management, and information emails regarding new publications. If you do not wish to continue receiving promotional or marketing information, please notify us by e-mail at: privacy-obs(at)coe.int.
Disclosure
We will never disclose your contact details to anybody outside of the Observatory. If we wish to distribute a participants’ list for one of our conferences which you may attend, we will specifically ask your permission to share your contact details with other participants and conference co-organisers for the purposes of networking or security. If you do not wish us to do so, we will remove your details from the attendance list.
Individual Participation / Access
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you, and you can also request to receive a copy of that personal data. Before sending you any personal data, we will ask you to provide proof of your identity. If you are not able to provide proof of your identity, we reserve the right to refuse to send you the personal data.
We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to the previous questions or to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. At any time, you may request that we delete or correct your personal information in our logs. For such requests, please contact privacy.obs@coe.int
Security
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personal information. The EAO has implemented technologies and security policies to protect the stored personal data of our users from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss. We will continue to enhance our security procedures, as new technology becomes available. EAO employees and controllers who have access to personal data are obliged to respect the privacy of our visitors and the confidentiality of their personal data.
Links
Throughout the EAO’s website, you will find links to third-party website. Please note that the EAO is not responsible for the privacy policies or content on third-party sites.
Notifications of Changes
As the EAO creates new services that may generate a need to amend this privacy statement, the Observatory will highlight such changes on its website home page and this page on Privacy Policy.
Contacts
If you have any inquiries about our privacy statement, please contact:
European Audiovisual Observatory
76 allée de la Robertsau
67000 Strasbourg
France
privacy.obs(at)coe.int
Cookies and Other Technologies
As described above, we sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our website(s) to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit and we also measure visitor activity on our website and the various free databases it houses, but we do so in ways that keep the information anonymous. We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our website, and to help us make our website(s) more useful to visitors. This includes analysing these logs periodically to measure the traffic through our servers, the number of pages visited and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest. The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers.
We collect the anonymous information we mentioned above through the use of various technologies, one of which is called "cookies". A cookie is an element of data that a web server can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computing device. For example, EAO webpages record whether you are using the English, French or German interface so whenever you visit the site, you are taken to the language you prefer. Other session information (marked lists, search terms) is recorded with an expiration date. On our web site (if users register for it), cookies are used to save the visitor's password so that it does not have to be re-entered at each new visit. The following information is stored in the cookies:
IP address
ID information (first name, last name, job function ) will only be stored for those websites/web services that require login information on the device used (screen, browser brand and version, computer operating system)
An exception to only anonymous collection of data concerns only those websites/web services that require login Information on the device used (screen, browser brand and version, computer operating system). In these cases ID (first name, last name, and job function) is also collected and stored. This data is never used for other purposes.
If a "registered" user to EAO returns to the site, even without logging in, the IDs stored in the cookie are used to track the user (unless the user manually deleted the cookie, at which point the server will automatically regenerate another cookie).
Reproduction of material © European Audiovisual Observatory
Unless otherwise indicated, reproduction of material posted on the Observatory website, and reproduction of graphs, tables and photographs for which the Observatory holds copyright is authorised for private use and for informational and educational uses relating to the Observatory's work. This authorisation is subject to the condition that the source be indicated and no charge made for reproduction.
Persons wishing to make some other use than those specified above, including commercial use, of information and text posted on these sites are asked to apply for prior written authorisation to the Observatory (contact: alison.hindhaugh(at)coe.int)
General conditions
Terms and conditions
1. Orders
When ordering any information service or publication from the Observatory, the client agrees to the general conditions of use and sale set out below.
The customer may use this website to order the Yearbook Online Service. The ordering process consists of various stages which are validated successively. Final validation comes at the end of the ordering process. The customer can decide to abandon the order at any stage of this process. Orders may also be placed by letter or Email:
European Audiovisual Observatory, Orders
76 Allée de la Robertsau, F–67000 Strasbourg,
Tel: +33 (0)3 90 21 60 00
Contact: orders-obs[at]coe.int
The Observatory reserves the right to cancel or refuse any order from a customer with whom there is a dispute concerning payment of a previous purchase.
2. Prices
Prices are in euros and per unit. The prices applied to all orders are those that are valid on the day of the order.
3. VAT
All European Audiovisual Observatory product prices are exclusive of duties and taxes. It is the buyer's responsibility to contact the fiscal or customs authorities to pay any duties and taxes. Owing to its status as a Partial Agreement of the Council of Europe, an international organisation, the Observatory does not have an intra-community VAT identification number and does not apply any value added tax (VAT).
4. Conditions of payment
Payment is due at the time of ordering. Payment must be made in euros using one of the following methods:
Credit card – The Observatory only accepts Visa and MasterCard. Cards issued outside of France must be international bank cards. The facility provided on this site for electronic payment by credit card is fully secured thanks to data encryption using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol. All data transmitted are encoded and may not be read in transit on the Internet. The Observatory does not retain any credit card details.
Bank transfer – The client processing the bank transfer shall pay all bank charges relating to their payment. The details of the Observatory’s bank account (IBAN, BIC, …) are communicated to the customer upon confirmation of the order.
5. Access to online services
Online services are made available upon payment. The Observatory will process all orders swiftly after receipt of the corresponding payment. Once the client’s payment is validated, the client will be notified on the website and by email giving the link to their personal space where the online service will be accessible.
The Observatory guaranties access to the Yearbook Online Service at least until the end of the second calendar year following the year relative to the Yearbook (e.g., the Yearbook Online Service 2017 is accessible at least until the end of 2019). It is the client’s duty to download the purchased product or service should they wish to assure access to it after this period.
The Observatory may not be held responsible for any consequences of a delay in processing orders or a delay or interruption in providing access to the service, in the event of a force majeure, computer breakdowns, and disruption or strikes affecting, directly or indirectly, communication services.
6. Returns
The Observatory cannot accept any returns or cancelation of orders for services that have been made available electronically.
7. Protection of personal data
The Observatory undertakes not to pass on any client’s personal data to third parties; these are confidential and will be used only for the processing of orders and their payment in collaboration with the invoicing software company and the banks involved, and to communicate electronically any offers on Observatory products and services.
The client may choose at any time to have their name removed from the Observatory mailing list or their account deleted from the Observatory’s customer database by sending a request using the contact form on the website. All clients may also modify their personal details at any time using the function "My account".
8. Liability
Although the Observatory and its partners agree to make every reasonable effort to provide up-to-date and precise information, they shall not be held liable in respect of any loss either material or non-material, or any damage or injury allegedly suffered by third parties when relying on the accuracy of information supplied by the Observatory.
9. Confidentiality
All products and services purchased from the Observatory as part of its publications, databases and information services, are confidential and made available for the purchasing client only. The client has no right to transmit products and services purchased from the Observatory to any third party and should take all necessary precautions to ensure that no unauthorised person can access this content.
Access codes to Observatory online services (for example the Yearbook Online Service) shall not be communicated to any third party. Third parties in this context are all persons who are not employees of the purchasing company/organisation.
10. Reproduction or translation of excerpts from publications
All content included in or made available through any Observatory service, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations is the property of the Observatory or its content suppliers. Any reproduction or translation of excerpts is therefore subject to the applicable international regulations and must have prior permission in writing. This permission should be requested from the Observatory by email or by means of the contact form.
11. Applicable law - Disputes
11.1. Any dispute relating to the execution or application of a contract covered by Article 21 of the General Agreement on privileges and immunities of the Council of Europe shall be submitted, failing a friendly settlement between the parties, for decision to an Arbitration Board composed of two arbitrators, each selected by one of the parties, and a presiding arbitrator, appointed by the other two arbitrators; in the event of no presiding arbitrator being appointed under the above conditions within a period of six months, the President of the Tribunal de Grande Instance de Strasbourg shall make the appointment.
11.2. However, the parties may submit the dispute for decision to a single arbitrator selected by them by common agreement or, failing such agreement, by the President of the Tribunal de Grande Instance de Strasbourg.
11.3. The Board referred to in Article 1 or, where appropriate, the arbitrator referred to in Article 2 shall determine the procedure to be followed.
11.4. If the parties do not agree on the law applicable, the Board or, where appropriate, the arbitrator, shall decide ex æquo et bono having regard to the general principles of law and to commercial usage.
11.5. The arbitral decision shall be binding upon the two parties and there shall be no appeal from it.