http://www.volunteering.org.uk/legal
Skip to content
Join usWork for usVenue hireEmail updatesContact us
Sign in using OpenID Connect
HomeAbout usServices and supportPolicy and researchVolunteeringTrainingEventsBlogsMembers' area
Coronavirus: Advice for your organisation
Volunteering and coronavirus: How you can help
Home  >  Terms and conditions
Shopping cart
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
Legal
This page includes:
website terms and conditions
training and events booking terms and conditions
NCVO Conference Suite conditions of hire
Website terms and conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and our cookie policy govern NCVO’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website. The term ‘NCVO’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose contact details can be found on our contact page. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
the content of the pages of this website are for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice
this website uses cookies and may not function correctly without them. By using our website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Please refer to our cookie policy for further information
neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law
your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements
this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions
all trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website
unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence
from time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s)
your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by NCVO and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of NCVO. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, NCVO takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Our website policies:
Cookies policy
Privacy policy
Acceptable use policy
Accessibility
Training and events booking terms and conditions
1. Definitions
Customer
The person, firm or company identified as enrolling a delegate
Delegate
A person attending the event and may include a customer
Event
courses or conferences offered by NCVO at the stated 'venue'
Materials
Any documentation in either machine readable or printed form
NCVO
National Council for Voluntary Organisations
Venue
The location at which an event is held
Working day
Any day from Monday to Friday (inclusive) which is not a statutory bank holiday in England
2. Orders and acceptance
2.1 - The customer is deemed to accept these terms upon enrolling upon an event and is responsible for ensuring the accuracy of all details submitted.
2.2 - These terms govern the booking for the event to the exclusion of any terms and conditions of the customer. The booking form incorporates these terms and constitutes a legally binding contract.
3. Fees
3.1 - The price for an event is per delegate and includes all tuition fees, use of equipment and all Materials supplied. Refreshments will be provided. Where the event is an all day event, lunch will also be provided.
3.2 - Prices are correct at the time of going to press but may be subject to increase.
4. Payments
4.1 - Payment in full must be received and cleared before the start of the event. We accept payment by direct credit, cheque or selected credit/debit cards.
4.2 - NCVO reserves the right to refuse admission for any failure by a customer to pay fees for the event prior to the start of the event.
4.3 - An invoice can be issued prior to the start of the event. Payment must however be received and cleared before the start of the event.
5. Reservations
5.1 - Upon receipt of a completed booking form NCVO will confirm availability of the requested course and a booking acknowledgement will be issued.
5.2 - Bookings are not confirmed until a booking acknowledgement has been issued.
6. 'venue' and content of event
6.1 - NCVO reserves the right to run events at a different 'venue' to the one specified, when necessary. If this is the case NCVO will inform the customer as soon as possible and provide information about the revised 'venue'.
6.2 - Any opinions expressed by speakers at any event are their own and not necessarily those of NCVO.
6.3 - NCVO shall endeavour to ensure that the published programme is provided. However, NCVO reserves the right to alter published programmes, dates and speakers according to circumstances. NCVO's liability in respect of such change will be limited to a refund of the customer's fees if so requested.
7. Cancellations
7.1 - NCVO reserves the right to cancel, postpone or otherwise alter the content or date of an event without notice. In such circumstances, NCVO may, at its own discretion, return any payment received without penalty of a cancellation charge.
7.2 - In the event of cancellation by a delegate or the customer, cancellation fees will be due as follows. If you:
cancel an order over 10 Working Days before the event you are entitled to a refund of 50%
cancel an order within 10 Working Days before the event you are liable for the full cost of the event and not entitled to any refund.
fail to attend an event you are not entitled to a refund
7.3 - To request a refund in accordance with the above you must notify us in writing by email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. You will then be entitled to a refund from NCVO which will be paid as soon as possible, but in any event within 30 days.
8. Substitutions
Substitute delegates will be accepted, subject to prior notification to NCVO. Where possible, NCVO asks the customer to inform it of the alternative delegate's name at least three Working Days before the date of the event.
9. Personal belongings
Personal belongings and items belonging to or in the possession of the delegate brought onto the venue are the sole responsibility of the owner and NCVO accepts no responsibility for such items. delegates using the car parking facilities at the venue do so entirely at their own risk. NCVO accepts no responsibility for damage, accident or loss resulting from such use.
10. Force majeure
NCVO will not be liable for any failure or delay in the delivery of the event which is caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control. Where such an event occurs NCVO's obligations will be suspended for so long as such circumstances continue or the event may be cancelled in which case the provisions of clause 7 will apply.
11. Copyrights
11.1 - NCVO reserves all rights in the content of all events and Materials. By signing the booking form customers acknowledge that all rights in the content of events and Materials shall be owned by NCVO (or the consultant responsible for developing the event and Materials) and that in attending an event delegates will not obtain any rights whatsoever in such content or Materials.
11.2 - The customer agrees not to reproduce, sell, hire or copy materials (in whole or part) and not to use such Materials except for the purpose of post event reference.
11.3 - Where the delegate does not sign the booking form, the customer shall procure that the delegate is bound by these terms.
12. Data protection
12.1 - Details of the customer and delegate will be added to the NCVO database in order to process your booking and so that NCVO can keep you up to date with services it offers. All data is processed in accordance with NCVO's privacy policy.
12.2 - If you do not wish to receive any further information from us please notify us by post, This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.or telephone on 020 7520 3153.
13. Limitation of liability
13.1 - Except in respect of liability for death or personal injury caused by NCVO's negligence (for which no limit or exclusions of liability apply), NCVO's aggregate liability, whether for damages or compensation of any nature arising from the contract for the event (including as a result of negligence) shall be limited to the total sum or sums paid by the customer for attendance at the chosen event.
13.2 - NCVO shall not be liable in respect of loss of profits, business, revenue, goodwill or anticipated savings or indirect or consequential loss or damage (whether caused by negligence or otherwise); or any act, omission or breach of contract by the customers employees, agents or sub-contractors.
14. Miscellaneous
14.1 - If you have any additional requirements due to a disability or any other reason please notify NCVO to discuss requirements.
14.2 - NCVO will not be liable for any travel or other expenses incurred by delegates attending events.
14.3 - delegates agree to comply with both NCVO and the venue's policies and procedures at all times during the event. Where the delegate does not sign the booking form for an event, the customer signing the booking form shall procure that the delegate is bound by these terms.
14.4 - NCVO reserves the right to refuse admission to any person whom it considers in its absolute discretion to be unsuitable for admission to the event or to remove any such person after the commencement of the event.
14.5 - The contract arising from a booking does not create or infer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 which are enforceable by any person who is not a party to the contract.
14.6 - Any contract arising from these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and any dispute that may arise between the parties concerning these terms or any contract arising therefrom shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
NCVO Conference Suite conditions of hire
Download these T&Cs (pdf, 101KB), to sign and return to us.
1a. No food or beverages of any kind may be brought to the premises by the customer or any persons attending the function.
1b. No food or beverage items obtained other than from NCVO may be consumed on the premises, this includes the courtyard.
2. First-time hirers may be required to furnish names and addresses of two referees, one of which must be the hirer’s banker. NCVO reserves the right to approach those named before confirmation of the booking is made.
3. The hirer shall be responsible for paying all charges arising from the booking, including any cancellation fees.
4. Cancellation fees shall be paid within 14 days of the date of invoice on the following scales:
Number of working daysbefore eventRoomsCancellation of catering
Less than 3
100%
100%
4-10
100%
75%
11-21
75%
50%
22-28
50%
25%
Many insurance companies offer event insurance cover.
All cancellations must be made in writing - there are no exceptions. Once we have received your written cancellation it will be acknowledged by return. If you do not receive written acknowledgement of your cancellation please contact us again. If after your cancellation we obtain a booking for the same day(s) at the same or better terms, no cancellation charge will be levied.
5. The charge for the hire of the room(s) will be fixed from the time you receive written confirmation of the booking. All other charges will be based on the price list current at the date of the event. NCVO reviews prices annually.
6a. The hirer shall estimate the minimum number of persons for whom catering arrangements are to be made at the time of booking. This is the minimum number you will be invoiced for. 6b.The hirer is required to give a firm number three working days before the event.
7. NCVO shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to any property arising out of holding a function or any injury which may be incurred by or be done or happen to any person during the holding of a function arising from any causes whatsoever, or for any loss due to breakdown of machinery including technology i.e. Internet access, failure or supply of electricity or telephone, leakage of water, fire, riot restriction or act of God which may cause NCVO’s premises to be temporarily closed or the function interrupted.
7a. Hire of NCVO wireless Internet - All users of NCVO’s wireless Internet are governed by UK legislation, this includes the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Details of any users found to contravene this legislation will be forwarded to the authorities.
7b. The hirer shall be responsible for any loss or damage arising from their participants misuse of NCVO’s wireless internet.
8. The hirer shall be responsible for insuring all equipment brought on to the premises and for any damage caused to NCVO’s property by any person, equipment or exhibits brought on to the premises by the hirer.
9. The hirer shall pay all charges within 14 days of the date of the invoice. Should the hirer fail to pay any invoices within this period NCVO shall have the right to cancel any other contractual agreements with the hirer without prior notice.
10. NCVO reserves the right to cancel confirmed bookings if the subject contravenes NCVO’s aims and objectives.
11. NCVO strongly recommends that the hirer has adequate public liability insurance.
12. The hirer must notify NCVO before confirmation of booking if any young person under the age of sixteen shall be attending the function. The hirer is responsible for undertaking all necessary risk assessments in relation to the function and any activities to be carried out by the young persons in their care.
13. Nothing in the agreement between NCVO and the hirer confers any rights on third parties.
14. NCVO reserves the right to refuse entry to persons if in NCVO’s opinion, such persons cannot be safely accommodated in the rooms allocated or if such numbers would likely cause a breach of any regulations affecting NCVO. At NCVO’s discretion and subject to availability additional rooms may be made available with customer’s consent, to accommodate additional persons. In such an event an additional charge will be made for the accommodation made available.
15. NCVO reserves the right to alter these conditions at any time without notice. The hirer agrees with NCVO to observe and perform the provisions and stipulations contained or referred to in NCVO’s ‘Conditions of hire’ for the time in force (an understanding of which the hirer acknowledges), together with any special conditions which may be imposed.
Good Guide to Financial Management
Art of Raising Money
Good Guide to Trading
Sustainable Funding for Trustees
Obtaining Funding for your Mentoring and Befriending Project
Promising Returns: A commissioners guide to investing in mentoring and befriending programmes
All Funding products
Campaigning in Collaboration
Good Guide to Campaigning and Influencing
Is Your Campaign Making a Difference?
Campaigning for Success
Lobbying Act template board paper
Volunteering Impact Assessment Toolkit (resource pack)
All Campaigning and lobbying products
Campaigning in Collaboration
All Collaboration products
Good Trustee Guide
Better Communication = Better Governance
Sustainable Funding for Trustees
All Governance and trustees products
From Here to There
Tools for Tomorrow
True Colours
A Guide to Scenario Planning for Voluntary Organisations
All Planning and strategy products
Volunteering Impact Assessment Toolkit (resource pack)
Volunteering Impact Assessment Toolkit
All Volunteer management products
Automatic enrolment
Report of the Inquiry into Charity Senior Executive Pay and Guidance for Trustees on Setting Remuneration
All HR products
Report of the Inquiry into Charity Senior Executive Pay and Guidance for Trustees on Setting Remuneration
All Communications products
About us
NCVO champions the voluntary sector and volunteering because they’re essential for a better society. We do this by connecting, representing and supporting voluntary organisations.
More from NCVO
NCVO Knowhow
Funding Central
UK Civil Society Almanac
How Charities Work
Investing in Volunteers
Housekeeping
AboutContactMedia centreSitemapPrivacyTerms and conditionsAccessibility
Follow us
Email updates
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
Slideshare
©
2020
NCVO (The National Council for Voluntary Organisations), Registered in England as a charitable company limited by guarantee.
Society Building, 8 All Saints Street, London N1 9RL. | Registered Company Number 198344 | Registered Charity Number 225922
Site by Clickingmad