https://www.oralinlight.com/privacy-terms-of-use.html
Home
Visit~Store
Wendy's~Podcast~Site
Monthly~Patron
One~Time~Contribution~Patron
Meet~Wendy     Join~Mail~List
Contact     LOGIN     LOGOUT
Privacy / Terms of Use / Disclaimer ...
Oralin was founded in 1997 so we have been around for a while now and we have worked hard so that those who visit our site know they can trust us. In 2017, we added our Blockage Be Gone! service with it's own web site - but, it is a part of Oralin and the privacy policy is the same for both sites. At this time we have 3 sites that all operate under the Oralin business - oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com.
How we Gather Information from Users ...
While we have not made any changes to the way we process data about our users, we have updated this policy to make it and easier to read, and to comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation coming into force on May 25, 2018. We at oralin.com and blockage-be-gone.com (“we”, “us”) respect your privacy and want you to understand how we collect, use, and share data about you. This Privacy Policy covers our data collection practices and describes your rights to access, correct, or restrict our use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy applies when you visit or use the services at oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com website.
By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. You shouldn't use the Services or purchase anything from us if you don't agree with this Privacy Policy or any other agreement that governs your use of the Services ("Services and any Products") offered.
Table of Contents
1. What Data We Get
2. How We Get Data About You
3. What We Use Your Data For
4. Who We Share Your Data With
5. Security
6. Your Rights
7. Jurisdiction-Specific Rules
8. Updates & Contact Info Cookie
9. Terms of Use / DisclaimerPolicy
1. What Data We Get
We collect certain data from you directly, like information you enter yourself and data about your participation in readings, energy clearings, drawings, workshops, etc. We also collect some data automatically, like information about your device and what parts of our Services you interact with or spend time using.
1.1 Data You Provide to Us
We may collect different data from or about you depending on how you use our Services. Below are some examples to help you better understand the data we collect. When you create an account or subscribe to our mail list and use our Services, we collect any data you provide directly, including:
Account Data -  In order to use certain features (like ordering a reading or clearing session), you need to create a user account. If you use our Paypal buttons, an account will automatically be created for you by our system. When you create or update your account, we collect and store the data you provide, like your email address, password, name, and address.
Profile Data - You can also choose to provide profile information like interests, age, gender. This is not shared publicly.
Shared Content - Any testimonials or feedback you share with us might be posted on the web sites. We always ask for permission in doing so and give you the option of not including any personal details such as your name or where you are located.
Coaching, Membership Area, Workshop or Classes Data - When you enroll in Membership, take a class, workshop or mentoring/coaching, we collect certain data including which products or services your order, details needed to complete those orders such as the questions you want answered, or physical/emotional/mental/spiritual issues, your exchanges with us whether it be through the ticket system or by email.
Payment Data -  If you make purchases, we collect certain data about your purchase (such as your name, location, questions to be answered, issues to be addressed) as necessary to process your order. You must provide certain payment and billing data directly to our payment processing partners, including your name, credit card information, billing address, and zip code/postal code. For security purposes, we do not collect or store sensitive cardholder data, such as credit card numbers or card authentication data.
Data About Your Accounts on Other Services - We may obtain certain information through your social media or other online accounts if they are connected to your membership account. Currently we do not collected data from third party sources such as social media.
Challenges, Promotions, and Surveys - We may invite you to complete a survey or participate in a promotion (like a contest, a free offering), either through the Services or a third-party platform, such as a survey platform. If you participate, we will collect and store the data you provide as part of participating. That data is subject to this Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated in the official rules of the promotion or in another privacy policy. The data collected will be used to administer the promotion or survey, including notifying winners and distributing rewards. To receive a reward, you may be required to allow us to post some of your information publicly (like on a winner's page). Where we use a third-party platform to administer a survey or promotion, the third party's privacy policy will apply.
Communications and Support - If you contact us for support or to report a problem or concern (regardless of whether you have created an account), we collect and store your contact information, messages, and other data about you like your name, email address, location, operating system, IP address, and any other data you provide or that we collect through automated means (which we cover below). We use this data to respond to you and research your question or concern, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The data listed above is stored by us and associated with your account.
Children/Minors - We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children or minors under 18 except as permitted by law. You might be asked about a child if they are receiving a reading, cleansing, or clearing. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 18 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe we have any information from or about anyone under 18, please contact us.
Emails - We only send emails to those who have purchased a service or product or have signed up for anything on our site such as our mail lists, free videos, free ebooks, contests, free offerings etc. You can be assured that we NEVER sell our mail lists to anyone or give your address or any other information that we receive from you to anyone. If you sign up for any of our mail lists or are receiving emails from us and no longer wish to...you simply have to let us know and your address will be removed from our databases within 24 hours or use the unsubscribe feature found at the bottom of your email.
1.2 Data We Collect through Automated Means
When you access the Services/Products we collect certain data by automated means, including: System Data Technical data about your computer or device, like your IP address device type, operating system type and version, unique device identifiers, browser, browser language, domain and other systems data, and platform types. Usage Data Usage statistics about your interactions with the Services, including products/services accessed, time spent on pages or the Service, pages visited, features used, your search queries, click data, date and time, and other data regarding your use of the Services.
Approximate Geographic Data - An approximate geographic location, including information like country, city, and geographic coordinates, calculated based on your IP address. The data listed above is collected through the use of server log files and tracking technologies, as detailed in the “Cookies and Data Collection Tools” section below. It is stored by our hosting service or by us and associated with your account.
2. How We Get Data About You
2.1 Cookies and Data Collection Tools - We use cookies (small files that websites send to your device to uniquely identify your browser or device or to store data in your browser) for things like analyzing your use of the Services, making it easier to log into our Services, and recognizing you when you return. We use web beacons (small objects that allow us to measure the actions of visitors and users using the Services) for things like identifying whether a page was visited, identifying whether an email was opened, and advertising more efficiently by excluding current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new mobile app download.
We use the following types of cookies:
Preferences: cookies that remember data about your browser and preferred settings that affect the appearance and behavior of our Services (like your preferred language).
Security: cookies used to enable you to log in and access our Services; protect against fraudulent logins; and help detect and prevent abuse or unauthorized use of your account.
Functional: cookies that store functional settings (like the volume level you set for video playback).
Session State: cookies that track your interactions with our Services to help us improve the Services and your browsing experience, remember your login details, and enable processing of your purchases. These are strictly necessary for the Services to work properly, so if you disable them then certain functionalities will break or be unavailable. You can set your web browser to alert you about attempts to place cookies on your computer, limit the types of cookies you allow, or refuse cookies altogether. If you do, you may not be able to use some or all features of the Services, and your experience may be different or less functional.
3. What We Use Your Data For
We use your data to do things like provide our Services, communicate with you, troubleshoot issues, secure against fraud and abuse, improve and update our Services, analyze how people use our Services as required by law or necessary for safety and integrity. We use the data we collect through your use of the Services to:
Provide and administer the Services.
Process your requests and orders for workshops, mentoring/coaching, products, specific services, information, or features;
Communicate with you about your account by:
Responding to your questions and concerns;
Sending you administrative messages and information, including messages from instructors, notifications about changes to our Service, and updates to our agreements;
Sending you information and in-app messages about new services, new features, promotions, newsletters, and other available courses (which you can opt out of at any time);
Manage your account preferences;
Facilitate the Services’ technical functioning, including troubleshooting and resolving issues, securing the Services, and preventing fraud and abuse; Solicit feedback from users;
Market and administer surveys and promotions administered or sponsored by oralin.com or blockage-be-gone.com.
Identify unique users across devices;
Improve our Services and develop new products, services, and features;
Analyze trends and traffic, track purchases, and track usage data;
4. Who We Share Your Data With
We share certain data about you with companies performing services for us, other students (in online courses/workshops/webinars), our business partners, analytics and data enrichment providers, your social media providers, companies helping us run promotions and surveys, and advertising companies who help us promote our Services. We may also share your data as needed for security, legal compliance, or as part of a corporate restructuring. Lastly, we can share data in other ways if it is aggregated or de-identified or if we get your consent.
We may share your data with third parties under the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With Other Students: Depending on your settings, your shared content and profile data may be publicly viewable, including to other students. Currently, this would only be used for online webinars, workshops, or courses. If you ask a question to an instructor or teaching assistant, your information (including your name) may also be publicly viewable by other users depending on your settings.
With Service Providers, Contractors, and Agents: We share your data with third-party companies who perform services on our behalf, like payment processing, data analysis, email and hosting services, and customer services and support. These service providers may access your personal data and are required to use it solely as we direct, to provide our requested service.
To Power Social Media Features: The social media features in the Services (like the Facebook Like button) may allow the third-party social media provider to collect things like your IP address and which page of the Services you're visiting, and to set a cookie to enable the feature. Your interactions with these features are governed by the third-party company's privacy policy.
To Administer Promotions and Surveys: We may share your data as necessary to administer, market, or sponsor promotions and surveys you choose to participate in, as required by applicable law (like to provide a winners list or make required filings), or in accordance with the rules of the promotion or survey.
For Security and Legal Compliance: We may disclose your data to third parties if we (in our sole discretion) have a good faith belief that the disclosure is:
Permitted or required by law;
Requested as part of a judicial, governmental, or legal inquiry, order, or proceeding;
Reasonably necessary as part of a valid subpoena, warrant, or other legally-valid request;
Reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and other legal agreements;
Required to detect, prevent, or address fraud, abuse, misuse, potential violations of law (or rule or regulation), or security or technical issues; or Reasonably necessary in our discretion to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property, or safety of oralin.com and blockage-be-gone.com, our users, employees, members of the public, or our Services.
We may also disclose data about you to our auditors and legal advisors in order to assess our disclosure obligations and rights under this Privacy Policy.
During a Change in Control: If we undergo a business transaction like a merger, acquisition, corporate divestiture, or dissolution (including bankruptcy), or a sale of all or some of its assets, we may share, disclose, or transfer all of your data to the successor organization during such transition or in contemplation of a transition (including during due diligence).
After Aggregation/De-identification: We can disclose or use aggregate or de-identified data for any purpose (for example, when the energy was settling globally and people were sharing their experiences - if another person asked if anyone else was experiencing an issue, we may share that without disclosing any personal details).
With Your Permission: With your consent, we may share data to third parties outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
5. Security
We use appropriate security based on the type and sensitivity of data being stored. As with any internet-enabled system, there is always a risk of unauthorized access, so it's important to protect your password and to contact us if you suspect any unauthorized access to your account. Oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal data that we collect and store. These measures vary based on the type and sensitivity of the data. Unfortunately, however, no system can be 100% secured, so we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com , or any information provided to us in connection with the data we collect through our Services will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Your password is an important part of our security system, and it is your responsibility to protect it. You should not share your password with any third party, and if you believe your password or account has been compromised, you should change it immediately.  6. Your Rights
You have certain rights around the use of your data, including the ability to opt out of promotional emails, cookies, and collection of your data by certain analytics providers. You can update or terminate your account from within our Services, and can also contact us for individual rights requests about your personal data. Information relating to sales that is necessary by law will be kept, but personal data anonymized. Parents who believe we've unintentionally collected personal data about their underage child should contact us for help deleting that information.
6.1 Your Choices About the Use of Your Data
You can choose not to provide certain data to us, but you may not be able to use certain features of the Services. To stop receiving promotional communications from us, you can opt out by using the unsubscribe mechanism in the promotional communication you receive or by changing the email preferences in your account. Note that regardless of your email preference settings, we will send you transactional and relationship messages regarding our Services, including administrative confirmations, order confirmations, important updates about our Services, and notices about our policies.
The browser or device you use may allow you to control cookies and other types of local data storage. Your wireless device may also allow you to control whether location or other data is collected and shared. If you have any questions about your data, our use of it, or your rights, contact us at service@oralin.com.
6.2 Accessing, Updating, and Deleting Your Personal Data
You can access and update your personal data that oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com collects and maintains as follows: To update data you provide directly, log into your account and update your account at any time.
To terminate your account, email service@oralin.com and we'll delete your account as soon as we receive your request. Please note: even after your account is terminated, some or all of your data may still be visible to others, including without limitation any data that has been (a) copied, stored, or disseminated by other users (including course comments); (b) shared or disseminated by you or others (including in your shared content); or (c) posted to a third-party platform. Even after your account is terminated, we retain your data for as long as we have a legitimate purpose to do so (and in accordance with applicable law), including to assist with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may retain and disclose such data pursuant to this Privacy Policy after your account has been terminated.
7. Jurisdiction-Specific Rules
7.1 Users Outside of Canada
Oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com are are headquartered in Canada and in order to provide the Services to you we must transfer your data to the United States or Canada and process it in those locations. By visiting or using our Services, you consent to storage of your data on servers located in Canada or the United States. If you are using the Services from outside Canada, you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your data in and to Canada and the United States or other countries. Specifically, personal data collected in Switzerland and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) is transferred and stored outside those areas. That data is also processed outside of Switzerland and the EEA by our service providers, including to process transactions and to facilitate payments. We have entered into data processing agreements with our service providers that restrict and regulate their processing of your data on our behalf. By submitting your data or using our Services, you consent to this transfer, storage, and processing by oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com and its processors.
8. Updates & Contact Info
When we make a material change to this policy, we'll notify users via email, in-product notice, or another mechanism required by law. Changes become effective the day they're posted. Please contact us via email or postal mail with any questions, concerns, or disputes.
8.1 Modifications to This Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. If we make any material change to it, we will notify you via email, through a notification posted on the Services, or as required by applicable law. As permitted by applicable law, if you continue to use our Services after the effective date of any change, then your access and/or use will be deemed an acceptance of (and agreement to follow and be bound by) the revised Privacy Policy. The revised Privacy Policy supersedes all previous Privacy Policies.
Cookie Policy - This Cookie Policy was last updated on May 24, 2018 What are cookies? Cookies are small text files stored by your browser as you browse the internet. They can be used to collect, store, and share data about your activities across websites. Cookies also allow us to remember things about your visits, like your preferred language, and to make the site easier to use. We use both session cookies, which expire after a short time or when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which remain stored in your browser for a set period of time. We use session cookies to identify you during a single browsing session, like when you log in. We use persistent cookies where we need to identify you over a longer period, like when you request that we keep you signed in. Why do we use cookies and similar technologies? We use cookies and similar technologies like web beacons, pixel tags, to deliver, measure, and improve our services in various ways. We use these cookies both when you visit our site and services through a browser and through our mobile app. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional data through other methods.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication and security -  To log you into your membership To protect your security To help detect and fight spam, abuse, and other activities that violate our agreements For example, cookies help authenticate your access to your membership and prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your accounts.
Preferences - To remember data about your browser and your preferences To remember your settings and other choices you've made. For example, cookies help us remember your preferred language or the country you're in, so we can provide content in your preferred language without asking each time you visit.
Analytics and research - To help us improve and understand how people use our membership. Cookies help us test different versions of our courses to see which features or content users prefer, web beacons help us determine which email messages are opened, and cookies help us see how you interact with us, like the links you click on.
We also work with a number of analytics partners who use cookies and similar technologies to help us analyze how users use the Services, including by noting the sites from which you arrive. Those service providers collect that data themselves.
What are my privacy options?
You have a number of options to control or limit how we and our partners use cookies: Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to decline cookies by consulting your browser's support articles. If you decide to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some interactive features in the Services. For general information about targeting cookies and how to disable them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Updates to Policy
From time to time, we may update this Cookie Policy. If we do, we’ll notify you by posting the policy on our site with a new effective date. If we make any material changes, we’ll take reasonable steps to notify you in advance of the planned change.
Third Party Links: Oralin Centre, Oralin Live in Light and/or the Blockage Be Gone! service may provide links from this website to several other websites which are independent of Oralin Centre, Oralin Live in Light and/or the Blockage Be Gone! service. Viewers should be aware that in linking to these outside websites, they are leaving Oralin Centre, Oralin Live in Light and the Blockage-Be-Gone! website and that Oralin Centre, Oralin Live in Light and Blockage-Be-Gone! are not responsible for the content of any other site and at that time you will be then be using the privacy policy of that site.
Terms of Use/Disclaimer
When you buy any product or service, you are automatically signed up to our mail list. You'll also be added to the mail list if you create an Oralin Account. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Oralin does not assume any responsibility for the information given to you by any of the businesses or individuals on the site and is not liable for any incorrect information. Most of the information is based on an individual's personal belief systems and you must use your intuition and your own belief system to determine if the information given is right for you to use and/or incorporate into your life. Use common sense as well. ORALIN (oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com) does not guarantee results or that you will have certain experiences. Some information is meant for entertainment purposes. You should understand that much of the information is in an "experimental" stage and should be treated as such. What works for one person, may not work for another person. Some people may see tremendous results and benefits as a result of making suggested changes in their lives and some may not see any changes whatsoever. Each person's results and experiences will be unique to him or her.
If you choose to visit our sites or participate in any of the services or product offerings, you agree and take full legal and personal responsibility and are liable for any decisions you make as a result of any information shared in this site including, but not limited to a reading, courses, videos, lectures, classes, workshops, parties, coaching, blockage clearing, cleansing and protection, healing or practicing of a technique. This includes for example, but is not limited to: using a technique, making a decision for your life or the life path of another, adopting a belief, taking or stopping or changing any action currently being followed etc. By watching any video, listening to any mp3 or reading any article on oralin.com, oralinlight.com and blockage-be-gone.com (including guided meditations) you agree to the following:
1. You agree to take full legal and personal responsibility for any experiences you have as a result of practicing any technique, incorporating any suggestions or recommendations into your life, or making any decision as a result of knowledge shared. Oralin, Wendy Kay and any third party who provides information for the videos do not assume any responsibility and are not liable for your experiences and/or the decisions you make based on the knowledge provided. Information found in the videos is based on an individual's personal belief systems. You must use your intuition and your own belief system to determine if the information given is right for you to use and/or incorporate into your life.2. Information found in the videos is based on an individual's personal belief systems. You must use your intuition and your own belief system to determine if the information given is right for you to use and/or incorporate into your life.
3. Some information is meant for entertainment purposes.
4. Much of the information found in any video is in an "experimental" stage and should be treated as such. What works for one person, may not work for another person. Some people may see tremendous results and benefits as a result of following the techniques outlined or making suggested changes in their lives and some may not see any results or changes whatsoever. Each person's results and experiences will be unique to him or her.
5. Live life based on what is happening at the moment in your life and not for what a reading or meditation (guided or otherwise) might suggest or reveal. Do remember that you can be given information that might not happen for many years as interpretation plays a large role in any information that comes through. Free will also plays a role so you can change the outcome of what is given if you make a decision that affects that outcome. 6. If you have health issue, see a doctor regardless of what is given in a reading or meditation (guided or otherwise). Any service/product from oralin.com, oralinlight.com or blockage-be-gone.com does not replace medical / professional services. 7. Terms of Use / Disclaimer is subject to change without notice.
About     Privacy/Terms     Site~Map     Contact~Us     Follow~us~on~Facebook!     Follow~us~on~Twitter!
*GST/HST: 82040672 RT0001Copyright © 1998 - 2017 Oralin™ Centre