https://www.lollypop.org/about-us-overview/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
OVERVIEW
Lollypop Farm, the Humane Society of Greater Rochester, is committed to protecting the privacy of our donors, volunteers, employees, and visitors. As such, we do not sell, trade or share a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Lollypop Farm is sharing this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how our organization will protect your personal privacy. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices, both offline and online. In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this policy. Lollypop Farm reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy by posting such changes on our site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Lollypop Farm by sending an e-mail to info@lollypop.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
ONLINE
Internet Protocol Address
When you browse through our website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally. We collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site
The date and time you access our site
The pages you visit
If you linked to the Lollypop Farm website from another website, the address of that website
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors—to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
If you fill out a form and include your email address, you may receive periodic email communications from us. If you no longer wish to receive our communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each email you receive or by emailing us at info@lollypop.org. You can also opt-out via standard mail at:
Lollypop Farm, Humane Society of Greater Rochester
ATTN: Web Specialist
99 Victor Road
Fairport, NY 14450
Why is an email address required to make an online donation?
An email address is required to make an online donation so that a receipt with tax information can be sent to the donor.
Use of “Cookies”
Our site may use cookies to enhance your online experience. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is most likely set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
Third party vendors, including Google, show Lollypop Farm ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to www.lollypop.org.
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively you can opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.)
Security
All information provided to Lollypop Farm is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Lollypop Farm. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Links to Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are visiting another website for which Lollypop Farm has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
OFFLINE
Your Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information—whether in person, through email, postal mail or via telephone—we use that information only for your own benefit, for example, to record a donation or membership, or register you for an event.
We treat emails the same way we treat letters sent to Lollypop Farm. We are required to maintain many documents for accounting purposes (if a payment for an event or donation was submitted), but we do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you.
Most importantly, we adhere to the Donor Bill of Rights which was created by the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), and the Giving Institute. It has been endorsed by numerous organizations—including Lollypop Farm—and is detailed below.
THE DONOR BILL OF RIGHTS
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
I. To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
II. To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
III. To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
IV. To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
V. To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
VI. To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
VII. To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
VIII. To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
IX. To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
X. To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us at info@lollypop.org. You can also contact us by postal mail at:
Lollypop Farm
99 Victor Road
Fairport, NY 14450
Copyright Notice
© 2019. Lollypop Farm. All Rights Reserved.
Adopt
Adopt a Pet
Special Adoption Programs
Pet of the Week
Happy Tails
Adopt a Horse
Equine Events
Staff Bios
Adopt a Farm Yard Friend
Farm Yard Friend Adoption Process and Fees
Adopt a Working Cat®
Welcoming Your New Working Cat®
About Adopting
Happy Tails
Pet Care Advice
Admissions
Re-Homing Courtesy Listing
Admissions FAQs
Lost and Found
Finding Your Lost Pet
If You Find A Lost Pet
Prevent Your Pet From Becoming Lost
Re-Homing Courtesy Listing
Services
Humane Education
Upcoming Education Events
Youth and Teen Programs
TEEN Pet First Aid and CPR
Paw Pals: Pet Sitters in Training
Horsin’ Around
Shelter Helpers
Book Buddies
Animal Tales Story Time
Have a Petacular Party!
Adult Programs
Pet First Aid + CPR
Resources for Educators
Virtual Scout Workshops
Virtual Classroom Programs
Lollypop Farm Educational Scholarships
Shelter Helpers
Pet Assisted Therapy
Schedule a Visit
Become a PAT Volunteer
Spay/Neuter Program
What is Spaying and Neutering?
Spay/Neuter Incentive Program (SNIP)
Community Cat Spay/Neuter/Vaccinate Program
Community Pet Care Resources
PET-FRIENDLY HOUSING
Lollypop Farm Pet Pantry
Lost and Found
Admissions
Humane Law Enforcement
End-of-Life Services
Euthanasia Services
Cremation Services
Columbarium Burials
Pet Loss Support Groups
Pet Memorials
Pet Care & Training
Pet Care & Behavior Tips
Dog Behavior Advice
Cat Behavior Advice
Small Pet Care Advice
Other Pet Related Advice
Training Classes & Behavior Consultations
Planning For Your Pets
Pet Emergency Preparedness
Estate Planning for Pets
Humane Law Enforcement
Winter Weather Pet Safety
How You Can Help
Give Today
GIVE NOW – MAKE A ONE-TIME GIFT
FUR-EVER YOURS MONTHLY GIVING PROGRAM
GIVE FROM A DONOR-ADVISED FUND
Honor & Remember Gifts Of Love
Pet Memorials
PLAN YOUR LEGACY
Wish List
Autos for Animals
GIVE THROUGH UNITED WAY
Volunteer
Lollypop Farm Teen Volunteers
Foster Care Volunteers
Dog Foster Care Volunteers
HUMANE EDUCATION VOLUNTEERS
Lollypop Farm Professionals
Host a Fundraiser
Wish List Donations
Events
Corporate Partnerships
Event Sponsorships
Host a Fundraiser
Give-Back Partners
Leave a Gift in Your Will
Shop
About
Locations and Hours
Our Mission
Board and Leadership Team
Blog
Press Room
Annual Reports and Financials
Events
Jobs
FAQs
Questions / Comments
Blackbaud Data Security Incident – August 2020
Get The Inside Scoop Sign up to receive emails from Lollypop Farm, full of compelling animal stories and news.
Donate with confidence! Lollypop Farm, the Humane Society of Greater Rochester, is registered as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Contributions to Lollypop Farm are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. The tax identification number for The Humane Society of Rochester and Monroe County PCA, Inc. is 16-0743047.
Contact
Privacy Policy
State Nonprofit Disclosures
Site Credits
© 2020 Lollypop Farm · Site by Blackbaud