https://www.anglicantheologicalreview.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Last updated: August 11, 2020
The Anglican Theological Reivew, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://www.anglicantheologicalreview.org/ (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
If you submit a comment through our contact form, your information goes directly to the Anglican Theological Review Director of Operations. Your information will be saved in our email records house with Google. Google’s privacy policy can be found here.
Subscription forms
If you subscribe through our online subscription form, your name, address, email, phone number, employer, and any other voluntary information will be stored in our nonprofit organization database, Little Green Light.
Little Green Light’s privacy policy can be found here.
Payments processed through PayPal will adhere to PayPal’s privacy policy found here. Office employees and ex-officio members of the Anglican Theological Review board may have access to ensure subscription obligations are met.
Donation forms
If you subscribe through our online donation form, your name, address, email, phone number, employer, your preference for how funds will be used, and any other voluntary information will be stored in our nonprofit organization database, Little Green Light. Little Green Light’s privacy policy can be found here.
Payments processed through PayPal will adhere to PayPal’s privacy policy found here. Office employees and ex-officio members of the Anglican Theological Review board may have access to ensure subscription obligations are met for the Seminaries Abroad Gift Program, donor list (unless you opt to remain anonymous), and development efforts.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics and Yoast SEO to improve our web presence. Google Analytics’ privacy policy can be found here. Yoast SEO’s privacy policy can be found here.
Who we share your data with
Your Personal Information will not be shared or sold to anyone outside of our corporation unless you are a subscriber. If you are a subscriber, your name and updated address will be shared with our publishing partners to deliver publications to you. Your email address and phone number may be transmitted to our publishing partner if necessary to meet subscription obligations.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
What third parties we receive data from
If you opt-in for our newsletter, your information will be stored in Constant Contact. You can find their privacy policy here. You can opt-out of our communications at any time.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 8/11/2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Search for:
Issues
Fall 2020 • Volume 102 • Number 4
Summer 2020 • Volume 102 • Number 3
Spring 2020 • Volume 102 • Number 2
Winter 2020 • Volume 102 • Number 1
Contact UsEmailatr@anglicantheologicalreview.orgPhone931-598-1475Address School of Theology
335 Tennessee Ave.
Sewanee, TN 37383 Join our newsletter!The ATR publishes an e-newsletter with previews of upcoming issues and news of people and places connected to the ATR. Sign up to receive updates in your inbox!
First Name *Last Name *Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toExisting & new website sign-ups 2020 Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from . (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Business Name, Anglican Theological Review, Sewanee, TN, 37383, https://www.anglicantheologicalreview.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
The Anglican Theological Review, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit registered in the State of Tennessee.
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020
– OnePress theme by FameThemes
Join our newsletter
The ATR publishes an e-newsletter with previews of upcoming issues and news of people and places connected to the ATR. Sign up to receive updates in your inbox!
First Name *Last Name *Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toExisting & new website sign-ups 2020 Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from . (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Business Name, Anglican Theological Review, Sewanee, TN, 37383, https://www.anglicantheologicalreview.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
×