http://www.pembina.org/privacy
Donate
SubscribeSubscribe
InitiativesInitiatives
EventsEvents
Careers
MediaMedia
Contact
Home
Blog
Publications
Issues
About Us
Search
Blog
Publications
Issues
About Us
Successes
Staff and Experts
Our Approach
Our Story
Careers
Financials
Equal by 30
Pembina Speakers Bureau
Donate
Make an Impact
Ways to Give
Subscribe
Initiatives
Events
Careers
Media
Media Releases
Subscriptions
Pembina in the news
Contact
Home » Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
The Pembina Institute’s collection and use of personal information is governed by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, (PIPEDA), which grants rights concerning the privacy of your personal information, and Canada's anti-spam legislation.
Your Privacy Rights
Effective July 1, 2014, all not-for-profit organizations and registered charities, along with commercial companies, must comply with the Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL), intended to reduce unwelcome electronic advertising to the Canadian public.
Compliant with CASL, the Pembina Institute continues to offer our clients and the public the choice to opt-in to receive our informative content by email. If you would like to opt-in or update your existing email preferences, please contact us.
The Pembina Institute’s collection and use of personal information is governed by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, (PIPEDA), which grants rights concerning the privacy of your personal information. The Pembina Institute is also compliant with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which came into effect on May 25, 2018.
Personal information is any information that identifies you or provides a method by which your identity could be deduced. We are committed to maintaining your privacy and protecting the confidentiality of any personal information that you may give us online, in a telephone conversation, in person, or on a completed printed form.
Types of Personal Information Collected
The Pembina Institute may collect personal information as required for the administration of our programs or services through electronic forms, email, phone, fax, mail or in person. The types of information we collect may include:
Your name, home address, and home telephone and/or cell phone numbers;
Your email address;
Your place of employment and job title;
Credit card information and/or banking information;
Stated preference for the frequency and types of information you receive.
Purpose of Collecting Personal Information
Your personal information is collected for one or more the following purposes:
to carry out transactions such as a donation or registration for a workshop or event;
to send you information about our latest research and analysis;
to provide you with a response to a question you have submitted via one of our contact us email response links;
to gather your feedback on our effectiveness as an organization and suggestions for improvement.
In accordance with Canada’s privacy laws, the Pembina Institute collects information only by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive way. We do not sell, share, barter, rent, divulge or otherwise disseminate personal information. We are also obligated to share donor information (including gift details) with the Canada Revenue Agency if this information is requested of us.
Your Consent
In compliance with Canada’s anti-spam laws, the Pembina Institute will only send commercial electronic messages to contacts from whom we’ve received consent.
Your consent may be implied if you provide your contact information when participating in a Pembina Institute event or workshop, following which you may receive information regarding upcoming events or opportunities that we believe would be of interest to you. You can withdraw your consent at any time, or specify which types of email updates you wish to receive from Pembina and our staff, by contacting us.
If you prefer only to be contacted by email, you can ask us to change your contact preferences by emailing our privacy officer.
We are compliant with the 2018 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which requires that individuals within the European Union opt in to the use of cookies.
Website Monitoring
Our website uses cookies to remember your preferences when you return to our site. The cookies do not store personally identifying information, only a unique identifier.
The Pembina Institute monitors website traffic patterns, site usage, and related site information in order to optimize our online services. This information may also be used for statistical analysis and may be provided to third parties, but this statistical information does not include any identifiable personal information.
Third Party Websites and Personal Information
Some of the Pembina Institute's websites link to third party websites that are not under our control. We cannot guarantee that these sites adhere to strict codes of conduct with respect to privacy, and visitors to our website should be aware that if they submit personal information to these third party sites, they do so at their own risk.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Because of the rapidly changing nature of online media and the world around us, the Pembina Institute may change this policy from time to time. Changes may occur without warning and will be reflected on this page.
Contacting the Privacy Officer
This policy addresses some of the main privacy concerns that you might have. If you have concerns regarding the Pembina Institute’s privacy statement or questions about our compliance with privacy guidelines and the Canadian anti-spam laws, contact:
Communications Director and Privacy OfficerThe Pembina Institute
600 - 920 Yonge StreetToronto, ONM4W 3C7  CanadaT: 416-220-8804Fax: 403-269-3377
If you are not satisfied with our response, the Privacy Commissioner of Canada can be reached at:
112 Kent Street
Ottawa, ON K1A 1H3
1-800-282-1376
Subscribe
Our perspectives to your inbox.
The Pembina Institute endeavors to maintain your privacy and protect the confidentiality of any personal information that you may give us. We do not sell, share, rent or otherwise disseminate personal information. Read our full privacy policy.
Donate
Together, we can lead Canada's transition to clean energy.
Our Initiatives
See more of our initiatives
Home
Blog
Publications
Issues
About Us
Donate
Subscribe
Initiatives
Careers
Events
Media Room
Contact
Copyright © The Pembina Institute. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement
Community Consulting
Corporate Consulting
Public Sector Consulting
Buildings and Urban Solutions
Electricity
Liquefied Natural Gas
Oilsands
Transportation and Urban Solutions