https://www.fathers-4-justice.org/website-privacy-cookies-policy/
Join the online forum
Like our Facebook page
Donate to our campaign
Contact your MP
Place this poster at your local library
Menu
Our Campaign
Fathers’ Rights: Help, Advice & Support
Our Mission
Our Campaigns
Case Studies
Our 10 Point Blueprint for Family Law
Contact Your MP
F4J Visual Archive
Missing Children Wall
About F4J
Our Story
Campaign FAQ’s
Fact Sheet
Latest News
Blog
Donate
Forum
Login
Shop
Contact
Join
Website Privacy & Cookies Policy
Welcome to Fathers4Justice
We Are Fathers4Justice – The Official Campaign Organisation
» Website Privacy & Cookies Policy
Introduction
This website is owned and operated by The Fathers4Justice Foundation (F4J) (also referred to by the terms “we”, “us” and “our” in this policy). For further information about us, see Section 12.
This policy supplements our main privacy policy, which can be viewed here. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of all clients and others whose personal information we hold and/or which is generated in the course of their use of this website or the F4J forum. Note that some parts of our website may be subject to conditions of use, which are set out separately (eg see forum rules accessible within the forum members’ area).
We aim to give website users clear information about how their information is processed and a means of indicating their preferences, wherever possible. You can control what communications you receive from us and the publication of personal information that you post or provide to us. For further detail on the processing of your personal data via our website and in connection with the forum, please see below.
We use cookies on this website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit the website.
How We Use Your Personal Information
In this Section 2, we set out in reference to our website:-
the general categories of personal data we may process;
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and other online services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process the information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data”). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender and date of birth. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may share/publish information that you post on our website or divulge in the course of forum discussions (“publication data”). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication. The legal basis for this is consent in that you control the decision to publish and the content of posts you write.
We may process information relating to transactions that you enter into with us through our website (“transaction data”). The transaction data may include your contact details, the service(s) or merchandise purchased, the amount of the transaction and date/time information. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased services or goods and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract plus our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business. (Please be aware that we do not collect or process any payment information; payments are processed through our third party service provider, Stripe.)
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our forum notifications (“notification data”). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the relevant enquiry form. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and for record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and organisation and communications with users.
Additionally, if you subscribe via our website, we may process your email address for the purposes of sending you news, campaign updates and information about events and other matters that we consider may be of interest to our supporters and followers. In this case, we rely on your consent for the processing. You can stop receiving the email updates at any time by following the one-click unsubscribe link they contain.
Besides the core purposes for processing personal data detailed in our main privacy policy and by way of supplement to the information above, we may use your personal data associated with our website, the forum and the information you supply online to:
enable your access to the forum and related services;
process donations made in furtherance of F4J’s work;
monitor and enforce the terms of use for our website and the forum rules;
ensure the proper administration of our organisation and achievement of our objectives; and
as appropriate, keep in contact with you (where consistent with the preferences you indicate).
We may process your personal data where necessary for the purposes of complying with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests/the vital interests of another person. In addition, we may process your personal data for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance cover, managing risks or taking professional advice. In this case, we will be relying on the legitimate interests condition for processing, namely the protection of F4J against risks.
Please respect others’ privacy and do not post or disclose anyone else’s personal data. We reserve the right to edit or remove personal data from forum postings where we do not consider it to be in the interests of the person that it relates to for it to be published (including the interests of the author/forum member).
Who We Share Your Personal Information With
We only share personal data collected via our website in a limited way for the purposes described above. Wherever possible, we will anonymise or redact personal information. Data that is not anonymised may be disclosed to the following parties:
in the case of transactions and donations, our payment processing agent, Stripe (NB no card information is stored by us, although we may share information sufficient to process a transaction, make any refund due and deal with queries or complaints etc.). You can find information about Stripe’s privacy policy and practices at: https://stripe.com/gb/privacy;
our insurers, service providers and professional advisers in the limited cases where there may be a need to do so (and subject to duties of confidentiality on the recipient);
external agencies and public authorities where there is a legal obligation to provide information;
where you are happy for us to do so, our campaign partners, funding bodies and political lobbyists in furtherance of F4J’s aims; and
where you make a purchase of merchandise through our website, our retail partners and delivery agents.
International Transfers of Your Personal Data
In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the EEA.
The hosting facilities for our website are based in the US. Transfers to the US will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses approved or adopted by the European Commission, which apply to our arrangements with the service provider. F4J’s website is hosted on a dedicated server with a firewall and other precautions against third party attacks.
You acknowledge that personal data which you submit for publication through our website, the forum or other services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the reproduction, use or misuse of such personal data by others.
Retaining and Deleting Personal Data
This Section 5 sets out our data retention periods for website related personal data. We will not keep personal data processed for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain your personal data as follows:
usage data will be retained for 2 years from creation following which it will be deleted automatically;
profile data will be retained for 3 months after a profile is deleted;
publication data (eg forum posts) will be retained within the archives of F4J website, though individuals can change their privacy settings and use a pseudonym if they wish to protect their privacy on ceasing to be an active forum member (or at any time as an active member);
transaction data will be retained for 7 years from the transaction date;
notification data will be retained on the same basis as publication data and is merely a record that you wished to be informed of new content on a particular topic or conversation threads;
correspondence data will be retained until an enquiry has been dealt with and completed and for up to 6 months afterwards.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page periodically to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email or through the forum on our website.
Your Rights
For information about your rights in respect of F4J’s handling of your personal data, see our main privacy policy.
To exercise your rights and/or obtain further information about how we handle your personal data see Section 12 which includes contact details.
About Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and remain valid until its set expiry date unless it is deleted by the user before the expiry date. A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies We Use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website. Cookies used for this purpose are:
Name: PHPSESSID
Expiration: End of browser session
Created to identify a unique user session on the website;
(b) status – we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website. Cookies used for this purpose are:
Name: wordpress_logged_in_
Expiration: 1 year
Created by WordPress and used to determine if you are logged in;
(c) personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you. Cookies used for this purpose are:
Name: _lscache_vary
Expiration: 2 days
Created by LiteSpeed Cache and used to determine the status and role of the current user and if the admin bar should be shown
Name: wordpress_test_cookie
Expiration: End of browser
Created by WordPress to test if cookie usage is possible
Name: wp-settings-
Expiration: 1 year
Created by WordPress to store a logged in user’s customisation options;
(d) analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services. Cookies used for this purpose are:
Name: _utma
Expiration: 2 years
Created by Google Analytics and used to distinguish users
Name: _utmb
Expiration: 30 minutes
Created by Google Analytics and used to distinguish new sessions/visits
Name: _utmc
Expiration: End of browser session
Created by Google Analytics and used to distinguish new sessions/visits
Name: _utmt
Expiration: 10 minutes
Created by Google Analytics and used to throttle request rate
Name: _utmz
Expiration: 6 months
Created by Google Analytics and used to store the source or campaign used to reach the site
Name: _atuvc
Expiration: 13 months
Created by addThis and used to track addThis link usage
Name: _atuvs
Expiration: 30 minutes
Created by addThis and used to track addThis link usage
and
(e) cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally. Cookies used for this purpose are:
Name: snp_snppopup-welcome
Value: eg: 1
Expiration: 1 year
Created by ninja popups
Cookies Used by Our Service Providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about our website by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy. The relevant cookies are: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmt, __utmz.
We use addThis to allow visitors to share our content. This service uses cookies for tracking usage of addThis links. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at http://www.addthis.com/privacy/. The relevant cookies are: _atuvc, _atuvs.
We use LiteSpeed Cache to improve the performance of the website. This service uses cookies for tracking a user’s personal settings, namely if the admin bar should be shown or not. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://www.litespeedtech.com/company/privacy-policy. The relevant cookies are: _lscache_vary.
Managing Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)      https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)      https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)      http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)      https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)      https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)       https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our Details
If you have any queries about F4J’s data privacy compliance, please contact Nadine O’Connor at data@fathers-4-justice.org.uk.
Version: October 2018
Show your support
Join the online forum
Like our Facebook page
Donate to our campaign
Contact your MP
Place this poster at your local library
Latest F4J News on Facebook Like us on Facebook to show your support
Fathers 4 Justice - The Official Campaign Organisation
F4J On Twitter
F4J XMAS HELP NOTICE: Please note Telephone Consultations are now booking from 4/1/21. There is limited availabilit… https://t.co/fJ3RoKg1ff, 15 hours agoFAMILY COURTS MELTDOWN: #Cafcass ‘leaving’ private law cases where no safeguarding concerns due to #COVID19 + famil… https://t.co/V5LJLZQcUp, 23 hours agoMum convicted of murdering toddler after scalding her with hot water https://t.co/sLXm3ZOJ2h, Dec 8