https://www.siddhivinayak.org/terms/
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
Welcome – Thank you for visiting our site. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used in our site.
We,  Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust, as a Charitable Trust shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of the decline of authorization for any Transaction, on Account of the Cardholder having exceeded the preset limit mutually agreed by us with our acquiring bank from time to time.
Donations made once cannot be Cancelled, Refunded or Transferred.
This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust (“Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust “, “We” or “Us”) and how it treats the information that Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust, collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust donation, products and services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust does not own or control or to people that Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust, does not employ or manage. The privacy statement covers the following;
The information collected by Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust.
Communications from Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust.
How information collected by Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust is used.
Correction/Updating Personal Information.
Opting Out
Use of the Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust’s website by Person who is below the age of 18.
Linking to Third Party Websites.
Users Must Keep Their Passwords Private.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement.
Final Statement.
Information Collected by Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust:
We will not knowingly use information collected on this website to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust collects information from our users at several different points on our website. For purposes of this Privacy Statement, “Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information that can directly identify an individual; for example, such information may include an individual’s name, mailing address, phone number or email address.
1.1 Information that is automatically collected:
We use IP addresses, with the help of a business partner, to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information.
1.2 Information that is collected by Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s hard drive containing information about that user. By setting a cookie on our website, the user would not have to log in with a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our website. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our website. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our website. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website.
1.3 Information that is actively submitted to Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust:
Registrations and Orders:  In order to donate online or order services from this website, a user must create an account and complete a registration process. During the account creation process, a user must provide the required information. This information is used for billing purposes, with the help of our service provider (the bank which is providing us the payment gateway facilities), and to fill users’ orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
1.4 Third Party Advertisers on Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust’s Website:
Presently, we do not provide any third party advertisement on our website. No third party interference is yet allowed and hence there is no question of collecting any information from third party from our website. In future, if we allow advertisement on this website with authorized permission, we will decide on the collection of private information by third party or use of cookies by third party. The necessary information will be mentioned in this place.
1.5 Information Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust, Obtains from Third Parties:
Presently website is not collecting user information from third party. Only in case of Payment Gateway, the bank (who so ever provides the payment gateway services for online transaction) collects very critical information like Credit card or debit card number, Expiry date of credit card or debit card, Credit card or debit card holders name, amount deducted from their credit or debit account and any other relevant information which is must for online transaction. These information are collected by payment gateway service provider and these information along with your contact information may stored with payment gateway service provider. Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust stores your contact information and amount you donate or pay for various services or products. The payment gateway service provider sends the transaction number to Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust website on completion of payment procedure along with status of transaction (like success, cancel or error).
On Successful transaction of payment:
In case of successful transaction of payment for pooja booking or donation, services or product the user will inform accordingly. The details will also inform via email (if proper email address provided at the time of payment). The amount will be deducted from user’s respective bank and credited in the account of Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust account. If payment is for online donation or online pooja through temple’s official website, the user will get the donation or pooja booking slip (online) and user has to get it printed. The transaction amount shall  not be refundable on any condition.
2. On Cancel of transaction of payment:
If user cancels the transaction in middle of the process, the details are stored in the database and transaction of record generated mentioning that user has interfered in middle of transaction and cancels the transaction. In case of cancellation of transaction, it is possible that server might have already completed transaction and user may get the report of transaction late.
In that case:
If transaction is for donation cancellation of order is not possible.
If transaction is for services or purchase of product then user has to enter cancellation of order procedure. This is possible by user to enter in their account by user-id and password and selecting the order which is required to be cancelled. If order is already processed then cancellation is not possible.
3. Communications from Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust:
Welcome Emails and General Correspondence. We send a welcoming email to the email address associated with the account a user has created to verify the users password and username. This process is designed to prevent e-mail addresses from being used without permission in the creation of Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust account. Established users will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive some of these types of communications. Please see our opt-out options below.
4. Site and Service Updates-We send the user website and service announcement updates. Users are not permitted to unsubscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the website and/or service. We may communicate with users to provide services that users request or to discuss issues relating to their account.
5. Surveys & Contests-From time-to-time our website requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and, as such, the user has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
6. How Information Collected by Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust Used:
6.1 Demographic Information-We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners. The aggregated demographic information is not linked to any Personally Identifiable Information that can identify any individual person.
6.2 Communicating with Our Users-We use Personally Identifiable Information (such as your name, telephone number or email address) to communicate with our users when they have questions, concerns or comments about their accounts or the services that we provide. If you contact us, we may or may not delete your emails or voicemails to us.
6.3 Information Shared With Third Parties-We do not share your information with third party except you provide while payment transaction to payment gateway service providers. Use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not use Personally Identifiable Information for any use other than credit card processing; however, we will not be responsible or liable for use of the information required by credit card companies in contravention of their policies, contractual obligations or general good business procedures.
6.4 Partner with third parties who provide services to our users-When the user signs up for or agrees to receive a specific service provided by the third party (i.e. PostMasterDirect advertisements), we share the information that is needed for the third party to provide the services. Share your Personally Identifiable Information with other entities that are owned by Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust, that own Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust or have some sort of corporate ownership relationship with Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust
6.5 Addressing Legal Issues-Further, we provide Personally Identifiable Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Further, we believe it is necessary to share Personally Identifiable Information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
7. Correction/Updating Personal Information:
Users must provide accurate and correct contact information (name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number) etc. On providing wrong information if we are unable to process your request, then we are not at all responsible for the act. We provide services and product only if you provide the correct information. Due to wrong information product may not reach to your destination in time or sometime not reach at all. In that case, Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust is not responsible and has no legal rights to provide required services or refund your amount whatsoever.
8. Opting Out:
Users are provided an opportunity to “opt-out” of having their information used for purposes not directly related to the services they request. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying and typing “unsubscribe” in the subject line in the email or email your request to admin@siddhivinayak.org or info@siddhivinayak.org
9. Use of the Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust Website by Persons Under Age 18 years:
This website is collecting payment for donation, various pooja services and products sale. It is not intended for use by anyone under the age of eighteen years (18 yrs), and any individual under such age should not provide us with Personally Identifiable Information. We do not knowingly contact, market to, solicit, collect or use Personally Identifiable Information from or about any individual under the age of 18. It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information pertaining to children under 18. If we are notified of that we have personal information regarding a person under the age of 18, as soon as we reasonably verify the information, we will either obtain parental consent or otherwise delete the information from the account and/or service. However, the information may remain on a log in our servers. If you want to notify us of our receipt of information by children under 18, please do so by emailing us at: admin@siddhivinayak.org or info@siddhivinayak.org
10. Linking to Third Party Websites:
This website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the Privacy Statements of each and every website that collects Personally Identifiable Information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
11. Users Must Keep Their Passwords Private:
Users are required to keep their account passwords confidential and do not share this information with others. If you choose to reveal or share your password and Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust account name, we are unable to guarantee the security of your account.
12. Changes to Our Privacy Statement:
This Privacy Statement may change, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Statement that is in effect as of the time of use. You are responsible for periodically checking our Privacy Statement. You may opt-out of any posted change to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by sending an e-mail to admin@siddhivinayak.org or info@siddhivinayak.org . If we make minor changes to this Privacy Statement, the changes will be immediately effective upon posting the revised Privacy Statement to the website. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement or in how we will use or collect your Personally Identifiable Information, we will prominently post a notification on our website of the changed Privacy Statement ten (10) days prior to implementing the change. The date at the bottom of this Privacy Statement is the date that the Privacy Statement is effective.
13. Final Statement:
Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust, Prabhadevi, Mumbai will use your information in accordance with the Privacy Statement that is currently in effect. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to admin@siddhivinayak.org or info@siddhivinayak.org
Effective date: 15th April, 2014
Confirmed and verified by the Authority at Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust
S. K. Bole Road, Prabhadevi, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India – 400 028
Phone No.: 91-022-24223206, 24224438
Fax No. 91-022-24221558,
E-mail: info@siddhivinayak.org / admin@siddhivinayak.org
Online Pooja BookingDonate Now