https://www.eparrs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About
Services
Q & A
Blog
Contact
Customers
Testimonials
Our Online Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
General
Parr’s Publishing has updated its Privacy Policy to give you a better understanding of our Privacy Policy and Practice. If you have any questions, please contact administration@eParrs.com.
Introduction
At Parr’s Publishing we are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you share with us.
Parr’s Publishing has established this Online Privacy Policy so that you can understand the care with which we intend to treat your Personal Information.
Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit Parr’s Publishing websites without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information, we may transfer that Information within Parr’s Publishing or to Parr’s Publishing third-party service providers, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Parr’s Publishing strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, Parr’s Publishing intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy. In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
Some of our websites might utilize “cookies” or other tracking technologies. A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about website activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our website is accessed.
To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles:
Notice
Choice
Security
Access/Accuracy
Notice
Parr’s Publishing only collects personal information from you on a voluntary basis as a double opt-in when subscribing. The information collected by us or on our behalf may include personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, and/or home address. At any time you can request removal of all contact and personal information by contacting us by email or by simply selecting to unsubscribe from any automated emails you have signed up for.
Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to Parr’s Publishing website. The notice we intend to provide where Parr’s Publishing would collect Personal Information should help you to make this choice.
If you chose to have a relationship with Parr’s Publishing, such as a contractual or other business relationship or partnership, we will naturally continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship, unless you have clearly stated you wish no further contact.
Security
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within Parr’s Publishing or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Access/Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, Parr’s Publishing wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where we collect Personal Information from you, our goal is to provide a means of contacting Parr’s Publishing should you need to update or correct that Information. You may send updates and corrections about your Personal Information to administration@eParrs.com and Parr’s Publishing will incorporate the changes in your Personal Information that we hold as soon as possible.
Third Party Services
Third parties provide certain services available on Parr’s Publishing behalf. Parr’s Publishing may provide information, including Personal Information, that Parr’s Publishing collects to third-party service providers in order to help us deliver programs, products, information, and services. Service providers are also an important means by which Parr’s Publishing maintains its website and mailing lists. Parr’s Publishing will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on Parr’s Publishing behalf.
Parr’s Publishing does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on Parr’s Publishing behalf unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it is against Parr’s Publishing policy to sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected, including membership forms or email lists.
Children’s Privacy
Parr’s Publishing is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age.
Commitment
Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and Parr’s Publishing’s website is constantly evolving to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please contact administration@eParrs.com. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
Your Consent
Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our website for a reasonable period of time.
Spread the love
Search for:
Stay Updated
Subscribe Now!
NameEmail*
Twitter Not Showing My Blog’s Pictures – Thumbnails Not Displayed Properly
A New Datepicker for Contact Form 7 Forms – Contact Form 7 Datepicker Plugin No Longer Maintained
Internal Server Error Twitter – RESOLVE!
Twitter Video Upload Error [FIX] – Your Video File Could Not Be Processed
Make Your YouTube Videos Stand Out in SERPs
Is The Business Owners Survival Guide for Real?
Benefits of Hosting Your Website Local
How to Learn Web Design
Ways to Make Your Story Go Viral
Lower Your Advertising Costs and Get More Customers: Learn How You Can be a Real Lead Magnet
Close