https://www.divorceattorneys.net/privacy-policy-2/
Content is loading...
Close
Print
Sign in
Username or Email Address *
Password *
Keep me signed in
Not a member? Sign up
Forgot Password
Connect with your Social Network
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Sign Up
Username *
Email Address *
Password *
Already have an account? Sign in
Forgot Password
Connect with your Social Network
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Forgotten Password
Email Address *
Cancel
Current Pricing Plan
We recommend you check the details of Pricing Plans before changing.															Click Here
Do you want to change pricing plan?
Proceed Here
×
Change Pricing Plan
We recommend you check the details of Pricing Plans before changing.															Click Here
Annual Plan
$348
Package
365 Days10 Listing
Monthly
$49.99
Package
30 Days1 Listing
Quarterly Plan
$117
Package
92 Days5 Listing
Go Back
×
Drop Pin
Create your Ad Campaign in 3 Simple Steps
Daily Updates
It won't be a bigger problem to find one
Game First Conceptualized
During the formulative years, video games we
Tube Amusement Device
It won't be a bigger problem to find one
Let's Get Started
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
you may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at the number provided above.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors no ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about them With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
By using our website you agree to the terms of service contained herein and to all information contained on our website including but not limited to our private policy terms; our disclaimers; and our terms of service agreements.
By using our contact form you hereby agree by the following terms.
TOS-Terms of service for DivorceAttorneys.Net
DivorceAttorneys.Net may share your information with ALL attorneys/ law firms in the city for which you have an interest.
DivorceAttorneys.Net does not warrant that the information you provide will make it to the intended recipient, nor that the recipient will respond. If you have chosen to Opt Out of our terms of service agreement then your information will not be shared with anyone except the intended recipient however all other agreements regarding use of this website are in full effect.
This information is provided to consumers and is to be used exclusively for consumers. No commercial use or disemination of information on our website is permisable, any company found using or exploiting the information on our website will be violating copyright laws and will be subject to all legal and civil remedies available by law.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Recent CommentsArchives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
1-877-74-LAWADS123 NW 13th Street #311 - Boca Raton, FL. 33432Copyright © 2019 Divorce Attorneys Managed by Law Advertising
NavigationAdvertise
Who we areAbout us
Terms and Services
Privacy Policy
Pricing
Nearby Listings