http://www.hsus.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
wizardofwonders
/
iStock.com
Privacy policy
wizardofwonders
/
iStock.com
The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) is committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information private. You can visit the Humane Society of the United States website without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself. However, because our website includes areas in which visitors can provide personally identifying information, we have developed this privacy policy to inform you of our policies and practices regarding information we collect about you.
This privacy policy governs the URL https://www.humanesociety.org and certain electronic communications sent out by the HSUS. This website is owned and operated by the Humane Society of the United States for the benefit of its members and other visitors interested in the protection of all animals.
Our headquarters:
1255 23rd Street, NW, Suite 450
Washington, DC 20037
The Humane Society of the United States obtains contact details and other personal information regarding media contacts and influencers from a variety of sources, including Cision. If you wish to know more about how such information is collected and used, please refer to Cision’s privacy notice.
How we collect information about you
Information you voluntarily provide
The HSUS collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an email or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us, make a donation, subscribe to one of our online newsletters, request to become a member, sign up for mobile text alerts or forward a web page, electronic postcard, electronic ballot or electronic newsletter. Such information may include your name, mailing address and email address; it may also include a mobile phone number, the email addresses of those to whom you forward HSUS electronic content and any other information collected in the forms. You may be asked to provide credit card information to become a member of the HSUS, contribute to the HSUS, purchase certain information or materials from the HSUS or subscribe to various HSUS publications.
Other information
humanesociety.org also collects certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our website. This information includes your IP address and your domain name. HSUS.org logs these IP addresses and domain names and aggregates them for system administration and to monitor the use of our site. We use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the number of pages viewed and various other site statistics. This monitoring helps us to provide a more useful and engaging online experience to HSUS.org visitors and helps us to improve the quality of our content.
The HSUS uses cookies in order to make the results available for your on-site searches. Cookies are not used for any other reason on this site. A cookie is a small file that is sent out by a website, accepted by the user's browser and placed on the user's hard drive. You can always set your browser to warn of cookies being placed and then chose which cookies you want to accept. The HSUS does not match any information gathered by cookies with personal information you may have voluntarily submitted to the HSUS.
The HSUS uses single pixel gifs, also called web beacons, in our emails. Web beacons track behavior such as who has opened an email and when, the IP address, the browser or email type, which links were clicked and other similar information. This allows us to measure the performance of email campaigns, see what actions subscribers took, create reports about email performance, improve the quality of our emails and segment messages for specific audiences.
The HSUS uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. The HSUS also uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
The HSUS and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party and third-party cookies together to inform and serve ads based on a visitor's past visits to our website.
You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings at any time. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Ways information about you is used
We may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you regarding animal-related issues we feel you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding the HSUS's programs and to extend an invitation to you to support our programs. We may also send such information to the people whose email addresses you provide when forwarding HSUS electronic content. When we do so, our sole intent is to enlarge our family of informed animal advocates and organizational supporters. Every recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily "opt out" of future such communications by following the instructions on any electronic communication we send.
From time to time, we may make the information you have voluntarily given to us, excluding credit card information (which will never be disclosed), available to third parties for marketing purposes, including HSUS's affiliate organizations or sponsors and licensees that provide special programs or services we think you might find interesting or beneficial. The HSUS uses very strict standards in determining which reputable companies become sponsors and licensees, to ensure that such organizations are committed to the protection of visitors' privacy and committed to the goals of the HSUS. If your volunteered personal information will be used in any manner other than as stated above, such use shall be specifically posted. If you wish to update or remove your information, or if you do not wish your information to be shared with affiliated third parties, please email us. You may also unsubscribe at any time in every issue of our newsletters.
Other
From time to time, the HSUS may link to other websites not affiliated with the HSUS. The HSUS attempts to link only to those websites which also respect a visitor's privacy and the goals of the HSUS. However, the HSUS cannot be responsible for the content or policies of third-party websites. Please check with these third-party organizations or companies for their specific privacy policies. If you find inoperable links or are concerned about any of the sites that the HSUS currently links to, please inform the HSUS by emailing us .
Security
The HSUS uses generally accepted, industry-standard security systems, software and encryption technologies—Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)—for the secure transfer of personal and financial data and to protect against unauthorized access to the HSUS's servers, equipment and other components of our online presence. This includes using industry-standard security systems to protect credit card processing information. Our web servers are stored off-site at multiple, physically secure facilities with limited access.
Contacting the HSUS
If you would like to contact the HSUS about correcting information we might have collected or if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please email us or write to us at the address below.
The Humane Society of the United States
ATTN: Webmaster
1255 23rd Street, NW, Suite 450
Washington, DC 20037