https://www.cfscc.org/privacy-policy
Our Community Comes Together
RESPONDING TO CRISIS: Donate now to either our COVID-19 Response Fund or Fire Response Fund.
Support Fire or COVID relief
×
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy online. When you visit our site, we may ask you for personal information such as your name and email address.
In addition, our site uses Google Analytics. Information recorded includes how you arrived at our site (e.g., the URL you came from or if you arrived from another site), your network name, your browser type, which type of Internet browsing device you are using, the country, state, and city where your server is located and the pages viewed during your visit to our site.
Our site also uses two specific Google Analytics features: Google Analytics Demographics and Interest reports. These features generate information about a user’s age, gender and interests from Google’s interest-based advertising or third-party audience data to improve services on this website. This information is tracked using Google’s DoubleClick cookie.
We do not and will not merge any personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected unless you have been given notice of and have given prior affirmative (i.e. opt-in) consent, which we do not ask for.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this website is restricted by the Google Privacy Policy. To provide website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed an Opt-out Browser add-on, which is available by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, to enable you to opt-out of Google’s programs.
We do not sell or rent personal information to others. We use your information only for the limited purposes of sending you updates and useful information about our programs, promotional information, enhancing the site operation, for statistical purposes and for overall systems administration.
Lists of our donors, other than those published in the annual report, are not available to the public. We do not reveal the name of anonymous donors to the recipient of a grant.
If you have any questions please email us or call 831.662.2000.
eNewsletter Signup