https://www.osdchi.com/privacy_statement.htm
Office of the Special Deputy Receiver
Representing Robert H. Muriel, Director of the Illinois Department of Insurance
J. Kevin Baldwin, Acting Special Deputy Receiver & Chief Executive Officer
InsuranceCompanies
ClaimForms
Good FaithEstimates
Reports &Publications
Assignment ofClaim Information
Purchase &Procurement
Privacy Statement
Disclaimers and Privacy Policy
Notices and Conditions of Use
Use of this web site is subject to the following terms and conditions. By
accessing this web site, you acknowledge that you have read and
accepted these terms and conditions.
Information Disclaimer
This web site was
created by and is maintained by the staff of the Office of the
Special Deputy Receiver (OSD").  Information on
this web site is subject to change.  OSD shall not be liable,
regardless of the cause or duration, for any errors,
inaccuracies, omissions or untimeliness of the information on
this web site, or
for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to the
user, or for any claims or losses arising there from. This web
site, and all information available on or accessed through this
web site, is provided "as is." OSD
makes no warranties, representations, or claims
of any kind concerning the information presented on or through
this web site.
Limitations On Liability Disclaimer
Any claim with
respect to the information, materials, graphics or services on this World
Wide Web server shall be governed by, and construed and enforced
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois, without
regard to the principles of conflict of laws. Under no circumstances
shall OSD, or any of its
directors, officers, employees, agents or independent
contractors be liable under any theory of recovery, at law or in
equity, for any damages, including, without limitation, any
special, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary
or punitive damages (including, but not limited to, loss of use
or lost profits), arising out of or relating to or in any manner
connected with the information, material, graphics or services
provided, or failure to provide information, material, graphics
or services, from this World Wide Web server.
Professional Advice Disclaimer
This web site has been prepared by OSD
for informational purposes only.  The information provided
does not constitute legal, financial or other professional advice. The information provided
is not intended to create, and receipt of such information does not constitute, any
relationship of any kind between the user and OSD. You should not act
upon any information contained in this web site without
consulting your own legal, financial or other professional
advisor.
Link Disclaimer
The inclusion of any link on this web site does not imply any
recommendation, approval, or endorsement of that site by OSD.
Privacy Statement
Information Collected
OSD will not collect or
reveal personal identifying information as you browse
through this web site and look at, print, or download
information.
Sending Messages
Depending on the content of your
email, the information you submit may be used by claims
personnel, attorneys and other members of the OSD  staff
to carry out the
functions and responsibilities of the Special Deputy Receiver.
Links to Other Web Sites
This web site contains
links to other sites whose information practices may differ from
OSD's. Visitors should consult the other sites'
privacy notices as OSD has no control over information submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
© Copyright 2010. The Office of the Special Deputy Receiver. Privacy Statement | Contact Us | OSD Financial Statements | Article XIII
Home
About OSD
FAQs
Contact Us
Links