http://www.citmedialaw.org/legal-guide/using-name-or-likeness-another
Skip to main content
Welcome to the website of the Digital Media Law Project. The DMLP was a project of the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society from 2007 to 2014. Due to popular demand the Berkman Klein Center is keeping the website online, but please note that the website and its contents are no longer being updated. Please check any information you find here for accuracy and completeness.
Error messageNotice: Undefined index: HTTP_X_FORWARDED_PROTO in include_once() (line 268 of /web/forrest/drupal7/docs/sites/dmlp.org/settings.php).
In most states, you can be sued for using someone else's name,
likeness, or other personal attributes without permission for an
exploitative purpose. Usually, people run into trouble in this area
when they use someone's name or photograph in a commercial setting,
such as in advertising or other promotional activities. But, some
states also prohibit use of another person's identity for the user's
own personal benefit, whether or not the purpose is strictly
commercial. There are two distinct legal claims that potentially apply
to these kinds of unauthorized uses: (1) invasion of privacy through
misappropriation of name or likeness ("misappropriation"); and (2)
violation of the right of publicity. (The "right of publicity" is the
right of a person to control and make money from the commercial use of
his or her identity.) Because of the similarities between
misappropriation and right of publicity claims, courts and legal
commentators often confuse them. We will not try to exhaustively
explain the differences between these two legal claims here. It is
mostly important for you to understand the legal principles that are
common to both claims; we will point out relevant differences below and
on the state pages when appropriate.
You might be familiar with the now-famous case of Alison Chang,
which is a good example of a potentially unlawful use of someone's name
or likeness. In September 2007, Chang's parents filed a lawsuit
in state court in Texas against Virgin Mobile Australia and Creative
Commons. Virgin Mobile Australia obtained a photograph of Chang from
Flickr, where is was posted with a CC "Attribution" license, which gave Virgin Mobile permission from a copyright perspective
to use the photograph in a commercial setting so long as it gave
attribution to the photographer who took the photo. (For information on
copyright licensing, see Copyright Licenses and Transfers.)
Virgin Mobile used the photograph in an advertising campaign to promote
its free text messaging and other mobile services without getting
permission from Chang or her parents to use her name or likeness.
Chang's parents sued Virgin Mobile for misappropriation of her
likeness, and the facts would also have supported a claim for violation
of her right of publicity. They brought other claims against Creative
Commons, which they dismissed shortly after filing the lawsuit. The
case, which was subsequently dismissed for lack of personal jurisdiction over Virgin Mobile, is interesting
because it highlights the fact that somebody seeking to use a
photograph needs to worry not just about copyright law, but also
misappropriation and rights of publicity.
The Chang case involved a clearly commercial use of her
likeness. As a general matter, you should never use someone's name or
photograph in advertising or promotion of your website or blog without
permission. The same goes for creating merchandise that you plan to
sell to the public which incorporates someone's name or photograph.
With the limited exception for "incidental advertising use" discussed
below, you need to get consent for commercial uses like these. But what
about a casual reference to your neighbor in a blog post? Or what if
you write an article about a local politician that features his
photograph? Or what if you publish a photograph that you took of a
famous actress walking down the red carpet at the Oscars? Fortunately,
the law does not give individuals the right to stop all mention,
discussion, or reporting on their lives or activities. The common law
of most states creates an exception to liability for news reporting and
commentary on matters of public interest, and many state statutes
explicitly exempt news reporting and other expressive activities from
liability. Despite these substantial protections, it is a good practice
to obtain consent of the person depicted when you publish photographs
or other personal information about someone on your blog, especially if
your use might be construed as commercial or promotional.
Who Can Sue for Unlawful Use of Name or Likeness
Only human beings, and not corporations or other organizations, have
rights of publicity and privacy interests that can be invaded by
misappropriation of name or likeness. Thus, only individuals can sue
for unlawful use of name or likeness, unless a human being has
transferred his or her rights to an organization. Note that companies
may sue you for trademark infringement and unfair competition if you
exploit their brand names for commercial purposes. See the Trademark section for details.
In some states, celebrities cannot sue for misappropriation of
name and likeness (on the theory that they have no privacy interest to
protect), and non-celebrities may not sue for violation of the right of
publicity (on the theory that their personalities have no commercial
value). The growing trend, however, is to permit both celebrities and
non-celebrities to sue for both misappropriation and violation of the
right of publicity, as long as they can establish the relevant kind of
harm.
You cannot invade the privacy of a dead person, so you
generally cannot be sued for misappropriation of the name or likeness
of a dead person, unless the misappropriation took place before the
person in question died. However, in many states the right of publicity
survives after death, so you could be sued for violating the publicity
rights of a dead person. This is most likely to come up with dead
celebrities.
Elements of a Claim for Unlawful Use of Name or Likeness
A plaintiff must establish three elements to hold someone liable for unlawful use of name or likeness:
1. Use of a Protected Attribute: The plaintiff must show
that the defendant used an aspect of his or her identity that is
protected by the law. This ordinarily means a plaintiff's name or
likeness, but the law protects certain other personal attributes as
well.
2. For an Exploitative Purpose: The plaintiff must
show that the defendant used his name, likeness, or other personal
attributes for commercial or other exploitative purposes. Use of
someone's name or likeness for news reporting and other expressive
purposes is not exploitative, so long as there is a reasonable
relationship between the use of the plaintiff's identity and a matter
of legitimate public interest.
3. No Consent: The plaintiff must establish that he or she did not give permission for the offending use.
Below, we address these elements in greater detail. Keep in mind
that misappropriation and right of publicity are state-law legal
claims, so there is some variation of the law in different states. For
state-specific information, see State Law: Right of Publicity and Misappropriation.
Use of a Protected Attribute
A plaintiff bringing a misappropriation or right of publicity claim
must show that the defendant used attributes of his or her identity
that are protected by the law. Usually, this means showing that the
defendant used the plaintiff's name or likeness. With regard to use of
a name, it does not have to be a full or formal name, just something
that is sufficient to identify the plaintiff. Using a well-known
nickname can suffice. For instance, in Faegre & Benson, LLP v.
Purday, 367 F. Supp. 2d 1238 (D. Minn. 2005), the court held that the
defendant had misappropriated the plaintiff's name when he used the
pseudonym that the plaintiff blogged under in the domain name for a
website. "Likeness" refers to a visual image of the plaintiff, whether
in a photograph, drawing, caricature, or other visual presentation. The
visual image need not precisely reproduce the plaintiff's appearance,
or even show his or her face, so long as it is enough to evoke the
plaintiff's identity in the eyes of the public.
The law protects other personal attributes or aspects of
identity from unauthorized use as well. For example, courts have held
that use of a celebrity's voice can violate the right of publicity.
See, e.g., Midler v. Ford Motor Co.,
849 F.2d 460 (9th Cir. 1988). One court held a defendant liable for
using the slogan "Here's Johnny" as a brand name for portable toilets
because it sufficiently evoked Johnny Carson's identity. See Carson v. Here's Johnny Portable Toilets, Inc.,
698 F.2d 831 (6th Cir. 1983). In other examples, courts have held
defendants liable for using a photograph of the plaintiff's race car in
a television commercial, see Motschenbacher v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.,
498 F.2d 821 (9th Cir. 1974), and creating a commercial featuring a
robot decked out to resemble Vanna White and posing next to a Wheel of
Fortune game board, see White v. Samsung Elec. Am., Inc.,
917 F.2d 1395 (9th Cir. 1992). In all of these cases, the common
rationale was that the attribute in question was sufficient to identify
the plaintiff and evoke their identity for the public.
Note also that the Supreme Court has recognized that state law
may protect a celebrity's right of publicity in the content of his or
her unique performance. In Zacchini v. Scripps-Howard Broadcasting Co.,
433 U.S. 562 (1977), the Court held that Ohio could constitutionally
recognize Hugo Zacchini's right of publicity in his "human canonball"
performance.
Some state statutes limit liability to the unauthorized use of
particular attributes. For example, the New York statute only covers
"name, portrait, picture or voice," N.Y. Civ. Rights Law § 51, the California statute covers only "name, voice, signature, photograph, or likeness," Cal. Civ. Code § 3344(a), and the Massachusetts statute covers only "name, portrait, or picture," Mass. Gen. Laws ch. 214, § 3A.
Depending on state law, relief for the use of a wider array of personal
attributes may be available under the common law (i.e., judge-made
law). See State Law: Right of Publicity and Misappropriation for details.
Exploitative Purpose
A plaintiff bringing a misappropriation or right of publicity claim
must show that the defendant used his or her name, likeness, or other
personal attribute for an exploitative purpose. The meaning of
"exploitative purpose" differs depending on whether we are dealing with
a right of publicity or a misappropriation claim:
Exploitative Purpose: Right of Publicity
The right of publicity is the right of a person to control and
make money from the commercial use of his or her identity. A plaintiff
that sues you for interfering with that right generally must show that
you used his or her name or likeness for a commercial purpose. This ordinarily means using the plaintiff's name or likeness in advertising or promoting your goods or services, or placing the plaintiff's name or likeness on or in products or services you sell to the public.
Therefore, it is a bad idea to create an advertisement suggesting that
a celebrity -- or anyone for that matter -- endorses your website or
blog. It is equally unwise to use someone else's name as the title of
your website or blog, especially if you host advertisements. You can be
liable even without creating a false sense that the person in question
endorses your product or service; the key is that you are exploiting
the plaintiff's identity to drive traffic or obtain some other
commercial benefit.
It may also be an exploitative commercial use to sell
subscriptions to your site in return for access to content relating to
a specific (usually famous) individual. For instance, one court held
that a website operator violated Bret Michaels and Pamela Anderson's
rights of publicity by providing website users access to a
Michaels-Anderson sex video in return for a subscription fee. See
Michaels v. Internet Entm't Group, 5 F. Supp.2d 823 (C.D. Cal. 1998).
In another example, a court issued an injunction prohibiting a website
operator from violating Paris Hilton's right of publicity by selling
subscriptions to a website providing access to photographs of her and
other private materials belonging to her. See Hilton v. Persa, No. 07-cv-00667 (C.D. Cal. Feb. 20, 2007), and our database entry on the case for additional details.
Exploitative Purpose: Misappropriation of Name or Likeness
Most lawsuits claiming invasion of privacy through
misappropriation of name or likeness also involve commercial uses of
the plaintiff's identity, such as in advertising or promoting products
or services. For example, one of the first cases to recognize a legal
claim for misappropriation sprang out of the defendant's use of the
plaintiff's photograph in an advertisement for life insurance. See
Pavesich v. New England Life Ins. Co., 50 S.E. 68 (Ga. 1905). You also
may be held liable for some non-commercial uses of someone's name or likeness if you exploit the plaintiff's identity for your own benefit.
For example, one court has held that an anti-abortion activist
who registered domain names incorporating the names and nicknames of
his ideological rivals had misappropriated their names for his own
benefit. See Faegre & Benson, LLP v. Purdy, 367 F. Supp. 2d 1238
(D. Minn. 2005). The court also held that the defendant had committed
misappropriation through a form of sock puppetry -- namely, he posted
comments on his own bulletin board pretending to be lawyers from a law
firm that fought for abortion rights; in these comments, he expressed
opinions and views that were favorable to his own position that
abortion is immoral. See Faegre & Benson, LLP v. Purdy, 447 F.
Supp. 2d 1008 (D. Minn. 2006). In another case, a professor created
non-commercial websites and email accounts containing portions of the
names of several of his former colleagues. Using these email accounts,
the professor then sent emails to a number of universities, pretending
to nominate these former colleagues for university positions and
directing readers back to his websites, which contained critical posts
about the nominated individuals. When the University and his former
colleagues sued, an Indiana state court found that he had committed
misappropriation. The Supreme Court of Indiana affirmed the lower
court's decision, holding that the professor had exploited the
plaintiffs' names for his own benefit "in that [the misappropriation]
enabled him to pursue a personal vendetta." Felsher v. Univ. of
Evansville, 755 N.E.2d 589, 600 (Ind. 2001).
One court has held that posting a photograph of a real estate
agent on a "gripe site" dedicated to criticizing him was not
sufficiently exploitative to impose liability. The court reasoned that
the defendant had not published the photo in order to "tak[e] advantage
of [the real estate agent's] reputation, prestige, or other value
associated with him, for purposes of publicity," but only "as a part of
a declaration of his opinion." McMann v. Doe, No. 06-11825-JLT (D. Mass. Oct. 31, 2006).
As a general matter, then, it is a good idea to avoid
impersonating other individuals on the Internet for political or even
personal reasons, because that may be sufficiently exploitative to
result in liability for misappropriation. On the other hand, simply
using someone's name or likeness in the process of expressing your
opinion is probably safe, especially given the exception for news and
commentary discussed below.
Consent
Consent is a complete defense to a legal claim for misappropriation
of name or likeness or violation of the right of publicity. When you
gather information from or take photographs of an individual, it is a
good practice to ask for consent to use the material on your website,
blog, or other online platform. Make sure to get consent in writing
whenever possible.
When taking photographs or video of someone, you can use a model release form. Some examples of model releases can be found at the American Society of Media Photographers (model release for adult, model release for minor child, simplified model release, and pocket release), and the New York Institute of Photography.
You can find additional samples by doing a basic Internet search for
"model release." Note that you can choose between various types of
model release, which are of varying complexity. You may be better off
using one of the simpler forms, unless you are planning on using
someone's name or likeness in advertising or an obviously commercial
use. All of these sample releases need to be customized to your own
particular circumstances and purposes. You should not use someone's
photograph for a purpose or in a type of media not covered by the
release because then the release will be ineffective.
For interviewing someone (with or without taking photographs), it is also good practice to obtain an interview release form. This release can protect you against publication of private facts claims in addition to misappropriation and right of publicity claims. Some examples of interview releases can be found in Stanford's Copyright and Fair Use Guide, and at EmilioCorsetti.com and the University of Michigan Press. You can find additional samples by doing a basic Internet search for "interview release," and the book The Copyright Permission and Libel Handbook
by Lloyd J. Jassin and Steven C. Schecter has two excellent examples.
There are a number of different kinds of interview release forms; you
will need to choose and customize one to suit your own purposes. As
above, you should not use someone's name or likeness for a purpose or
in a type of media not covered by the release.
If, instead, you obtain photographs for use on your website or
blog from a publicly available source on the Internet, it may be more
difficult to obtain the consent of the persons depicted in those
photographs, especially if they are celebrities. In close cases, where
you are not sure whether your proposed use is commercial or otherwise
exploitative, or where you are unsure whether your use fits within the
protection for "news and commentary" (see below), you should do your
best to obtain consent. If you cannot get it, then you should consider
using a different image. When using photographs that you did not
personally take, you need to worry about copyright law in addition to
name or likeness issues. Getting permission from the person depicted in
the photograph only stops a claim for misappropriation or violation of
the right of publicity. You also need to get copyright permission from
the person who took the photograph (or whoever owns the copyright). For
details on getting permission to use a copyrighted work, see Copyright Licenses and Transfers.
Children cannot consent on their own behalf. When using the name
or likeness of a minor (generally someone under the age of eighteen),
you should seek consent from the minor's parent. Some of the example
release forms linked to above are geared toward getting the consent of
minors. Keep in mind that people giving you consent can revoke (i.e.,
take back) that consent anytime before the use of their name or
photograph takes place. Therefore, you should honor the decisions of
consenting persons who suddenly change their minds, so long as
publication hasn't already taken place.
Free Expression Limitations on Liability
Fortunately, the law places important limitations on
misappropriation and right of publicity claims, which help to protect
your right of free expression and to safeguard the free flow of
information in society. Below, we discuss these limitations in detail.
Exception for News and Commentary
You generally cannot be held liable for using someone's name,
likeness, or other personal attributes in connection with reporting or
commenting on matters of public interest. Many courts view this as a
constitutional privilege based on the First Amendment, and some states
have statutes explicitly exempting news reporting and commentary on
public issues from liability. It is not always easy to determine what
will qualify as news or legitimate commentary, especially on the
Internet. But the courts traditionally have taken an extremely broad
view of "news" and "commentary" -- it encompasses any reporting or
commenting on current events or social issues, "soft news" which is of
primarily entertainment value, and conveyance of information on past
events of interest. The exception is extremely broad, and would
encompass almost anything that conveys information or comments on a
topic of even arguable public interest. For example, courts have found
that the following media uses qualified for the exception:
an Internet bulletin board devoted to discussing Howard Stern's candidacy for governor;
an unauthorized biography of a celebrity;
a magazine report on meeting women at summer concerts, with photos of some of the women;
a TV news report on allegations that an orthopedist was sexually assaulting his female patients;
a magazine article discussing a research study about how caffeine affects fertility, with a photo of a large family;
a fundraising letter discussing public policy questions in
the field of education and relating a local political figure's praise
of the organization sending the letter;
a magazine article on contemporary attitudes of
Irish-Americans in New York City, including a photo of an individual
dressed up for the Saint Patrick's Day parade;
a magazine article featuring the plaintiff as "Asshole of
the Month," with a photograph of the plaintiff superimposed over the
rear-end of a bent-over naked man;
a book profiling the various leading securities experts and analyzing their strategies;
a magazine article about a "bomber jacket," with information
about the approximate price, the name of the designer, stores where it
could be purchased, and a photograph of the plaintiff modeling the
jacket;
a report that a professional female tennis star had posed nude for a photograph; and
a report on teenage grooming.
There are literally thousands of additional examples. While most of
these cases involved the traditional print and broadcast media, there
is no reason to believe that the exception for news and commentary will
not apply to your online activities. One case, Stern v. Delphi Internet Services Corporation,
626 N.Y.S.2d 694 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 1995), addressed this question directly
and held that the news and commentary exception applied to the
defendant's online bulletin board service.
Hosting advertisements on your site does not deprive you of
the news and commentary exception. The courts have long recognized that
for-profit news organizations that sell advertising space are entitled
to protection. See, e.g., Arrington v. New York Times, 434 N.E.2d 1319,
1322 (1982); Berkos v. National Broad. Co., 515 N.E.2d 668, 679 (Ill.
App. Ct. 1987). This principle should extend to online platforms that
sell advertising space.
There are two important limitations on the exception for news and commentary:
First, if the plaintiff can show that your use of his or her name or likeness bears no reasonable relationship
to the content of the news or commentary presented, then you may be
liable for creating an "advertisement in disguise." This usually comes
up with photographs used to illustrate otherwise newsworthy stories. As
a general rule, it is never a good idea to illustrate an article or
post with a completely unrelated photograph, especially if the purpose
of the photograph is simply to catch the public's attention or draw
traffic to your site.
Some courts have let media defendants get away with using
photographs of people who are not actually discussed in the article in
question. For instance, the New York Court of Appeals held that a
magazine lawfully could use the photograph of a large family to
illustrate its article on a research study about caffeine and
fertility, even though the family did not participate in the study. The
court ruled that the photograph of the family was reasonably related to
the "theme" of fertility that ran throughout the article. See Finger v.
Omni Publ'n Int'l Ltd., 566 N.E.2d 141 (N.Y. 1990). Other courts have
rejected this view, holding that there is no reasonable relationship
between the photograph and the subject matter of the article if the
person in the photograph is not mentioned in the text. For instance, in
Christianson v. Henry Holt & Company, 2007 WL 2680822 (C.D. Ill.
June 29, 2007), the court ruled in favor of a woman whose photograph
appeared on the cover of the book Nickel and Dimed. Although
the book itself dealt with a newsworthy topic, the author and publisher
could not use the woman's photograph on the cover because she was never
mentioned in the book.
Using a photograph of a totally unrelated person to illustrate
a story may also create liability for defamation and false light
invasion of privacy. See Overview of Publishing Information That Harms Reputation for details on these two legal claims.
Second, the Supreme Court has held that the First Amendment does not protect the media when they appropriate a celebrity's entire performance without compensation, even in connection with a newsworthy story or program.
In Zacchini v. Scripps-Howard Broadcasting Co.,
433 U.S. 562 (1977), a news reporter videotaped Hugo Zacchini's "human
cannonball" act at a county fair without permission, and his employer
broadcast the entire fifteen-second act on the evening news. The
Supreme Court held that the First Amendment did not prevent liability
for violation of the right of publicity, even though the broadcast was
newsworthy. Therefore, it is not a good idea to record and publish all
or most of someone's performance (e.g., a live musical or dance
performance) without permission, even if the performance is
legitimately newsworthy.
Protection for Creative Works
The First Amendment and the laws of many states also protect your
use of someone's name or likeness in creative works and other forms of
entertainment. Included in this category are things like novels that
include mention of real-life figures, historical fiction, movies based
loosely on real-life events, "docudramas," works of art that
incorporate an individual's photo or image, and acts of parody directed
at an individual. Some state statutes explicitly exempt these kinds of
work from liability for misappropriation or violation of the right of
publicity. See, e.g., 42 Pa. Cons. Stat. § 8316(e)(2)
(link is to entire code; you need to click through to title 42, part
VII, chapter 83, subchapter A, and then choose the specific provision);
Wash Rev. Code § 63.60.070(1).
In other states, the courts look at the creative or artistic work in
question and decide on a case-by-case basis whether the First Amendment
values at stake trump the plaintiff's rights of privacy and publicity.
See State Law: Right of Publicity and Misappropriation for details.
As a general matter, you will not be held liable for using
someone's name or likeness in a creative, entertaining, or artistic
work that is transformative, meaning that you add some
substantial creative element over and above the mere depiction of the
person. In other words, the First Amendment ordinarily protects you if
you use someone's name or likeness to create something new that is
recognizably your own, rather than something that just evokes and
exploits the person's identity.
For instance, in one case an artist created and sold t-shirts
that contained a realistic depiction of The Three Stooges, and the
company which owns the publicity rights sued. The California Supreme
Court recognized that the First Amendment generally protects artistic
and creative works, but found that the t-shirts in question were not
sufficiently transformative because "the artist's skill and talent
[was] manifestly subordinated to the overall goal of creating a
conventional portrait of a celebrity so as to commercially exploit his
or her fame." Comedy III Prods., Inc. v. Gary Saderup, Inc., 21 P.3d 797, 810 (Cal. 2001). In another case, the artist Barbara Kruger
created an untitled work that incorporated a photograph of Charlotte
Dabny holding a large magnifying glass over her right eye (which itself
was a famous photograph by German photographer Thomas Hoepker). Kruger
cropped and enlarged the photographic image, transferred it to
silkscreen and superimposed three large red blocks containing the
sentence "It's a small world but not if you have to clean it." A New
York court held that Dabny could not recover for misappropriation
because Kruger's artistic work was protected by the First Amendment
because Kruger had added sufficiently transformative elements. See
Hoepker v. Kruger, 200 F. Supp.2d 340 (S.D.N.Y. 2002).
Incidental Advertising Use
If you use someone's name or likeness in connection with news
reporting, commentary, or a creative work protected by the First
Amendment, then you can also use it in connection with truthful advertising of your own work.
Courts refer to this as the "incidental use" doctrine. This doctrine
permits TV news shows to use "teaser" ads including images of people
reported on during the main program, and publishers to create book
jackets and advertisements for unauthorized biographies containing the
name or photograph of the book's subject.
One court has held that this doctrine applies to online activities as well. In Stern v. Delphi Internet Services Corporation,
626 N.Y.S.2d 694 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 1995), an Internet service provider set
up an on-line bulletin board dedicated to discussion of Howard Stern's
candidacy for governor. To advertise its service, the company took out
a full page advertisement in New York Magazine featuring a
photograph of Stern in leather pants which exposed his buttocks. An
accompanying caption read "Should this man be the next governor of New
York?" The advertisement invited readers to purchase Internet access
from the ISP and to join the online debate about Stern. The court held
that, because the ISP could lawfully use Stern's name for its online
bulletin board (i.e., it fit the news and commentary exception -- see
above), it could also use his name and photo to advertise that service.
The court noted that "New York courts have consistently held that the
incidental advertising exception applies to all 'news disseminators,'
not just newspapers and magazines." There is no reason to believe
courts in other states would not reach a similar result.
So, for example, if you write an article about a celebrity, you
should be able to use that celebrity's name and image sparingly for
purposes of promoting the article.
Special Types of Websites
Social Networking Sites
Operating a social networking site presents special problems
relating to misappropriation and rights of publicity. Such sites
obviously incorporate the names and likenesses of those people who join
the network, and it is not yet clear from a legal perspective whether
the type of information conveyed by a social networking site fits into
the "news and commentary" exception to liability. Although the famous
social networking sites have teams of well-paid lawyers, others
interested in incorporating social networking functionality into their
websites need to be aware of how using the name or likeness of another
can lead to liability.
Because of the legal uncertainty surrounding this topic, people
interested in using social networking functionality should seek consent
from account holders in their terms of use. A clause like this, from
Facebook's terms of use, may be helpful:
By posting User Content to any part of the Site, you
automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the
right to grant, to the Company an irrevocable, perpetual,
non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the
right to sublicense) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display,
reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such
User Content for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, on or in connection with the Site or the promotion thereof,
to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such
User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing.
This should help protect against misappropriation and right of
publicity claims brought by users based on the photos and other
materials they upload. Incidentally, having users agree to such a
clause also gives you the permissions you need to avoid copyright
claims brought by users.
A different problem arises when someone creates a false profile
on a social networking site. In these cases, the person whose name or
likeness is being used improperly is not an account holder and has not
given consent. The law is not settled on this point yet, but it appears
that a person whose name or likeness is posted to a false profile may
have a valid legal claim for misappropriation and/or violation of the
right of publicity. Beyond that, false profiles often lead to defamation claims against the person who posted the false profile. See Law.com's article, Fake Online Profiles Trigger Suits,
for examples. From the perspective of the website operator, defamation
claims based on fake profiles are not a serious legal threat because section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA 230) provides immunity from defamation claims based on third-party content. See Immunity under CDA 230 for details on immunity from liability for user-generated content.
In Doe v. Friendfinder Network, Inc.,
2008 WL 803947 (D.N.H. Mar. 27, 2008), someone created a false profile
of a real woman (we'll call her Jane Doe) on the social networking site
"Adult Friendfinder." The false profile included biographical
information about Jane, along with spurious statements about her sexual
proclivities. The photograph posted to the profile was not Jane, but
she alleged that the biographical information was sufficient to
identify her to people in her community. The social networking site not
only hosted the fake profile, but incorporated it into teaser
advertisements that appeared on Internet search engines when users
entered search terms matching some of the information in the profile,
including true biographical information about Jane. The teaser ads also
appeared on other "sexually related" websites. Jane sued the adult
social networking site, bringing various state law claims including
invasion of privacy and publicity rights. The court held that, under
the circumstances, she had stated a valid claim for violation of her
right of publicity. In addition, the court held that CDA 230,
which immunizes website operators from many state law legal claims
based on user-generated content, does not apply to right of publicity
claims. Therefore, Jane's claim against the social networking site
could go forward, despite the fact that a third-party created the
profile.
To deal with the fake profile issue, you might want to include
a clause in your terms of service that requires users not to post
material that would violate a third-party's privacy or publicity
rights. Technically, this might help you recover some of the costs if
you are sued by someone for hosting a fake profile. In reality, it may
be impossible to identify who posted the fake profile, and they may not
have any money to pay you.
Your best defense against these types of lawsuits is to create
a mechanism for aggrieved individuals to submit complaints and to
respond expeditiously to complaints about fake profiles. In addition,
you can help protect yourself by not using user profiles in any sort of
advertising or site promotion.
Fan Sites
Fan sites pertaining to a celebrity, such as a sports figure,
musician, or movie star, are potentially vulnerable to right of
publicity and misappropriation claims because they rely so heavily on
the name and likeness of their particular hero. In the last year, we've
documented two examples of this problem. In July 2007, Patrick O'Keefe,
the operator of the fan site MarianoRivera.com received a
cease-and-desist letter from SFX Baseball Group, which represents
Yankees baseball player, Mariano Rivera. The letter asserted that the
site's use of the domain name, marianorivera.com, violated Mr. Rivera's
right of publicity and federal trademark law. After discussions, an SFX
representative told O'Keefe that he could continue to operate the
website, but refused to give any assurances about the future. See our
database entry, SFX Baseball Group v. MarianoRivera.com,
for details. In another example, pop star Prince sent a number of
cease-and-desist letters to Prince fan sites in November 2007, claiming
right of publicity violations and copyright infringement. The letters
asked the fan sites to remove all photographs, images, lyrics, album
covers, and anything linked to Prince's likeness. After Prince got a
lot of bad publicity, the parties entered into negotiations, which
appear to be ongoing. See our database entry, Prince v. Prince Fan Sites, for details.
Whether fan sites like these actually violate the publicity or
privacy rights of their idols is not clear under the law. The best
legal arguments in favor of fan sites are probably that they provide
"news" about the celebrity in question and that their use of the
celebrity's name or likeness is not commercial or otherwise
exploitative (this argument may be stronger if the site hosts no
advertisements whatsoever). These sites should avoid selling
merchandise, like t-shirts or coffee mugs, emblazoned with the name or
likeness of their particular celebrity. In the end, we will have to
await further guidance from the courts on these issues.
Fan sites also raise copyright and trademark issues; consult the Intellectual Property section for more information.
Statute of Limitations
The "statute of limitations"
is a term used by courts to describe the maximum amount of time
plaintiffs can wait before bringing a lawsuit after the events they are
suing over took place. This time limit is set by state law and is
intended to promote fairness and keep old cases from clogging the
courts. In misappropriation and right of publicity cases, the statute
of limitations ordinarily runs from the date of first publication or
exhibition of the offending use of the plaintiff's name or likeness.
The limitations period varies based on state law; for misappropriation
and right of publicity claims, it can be anywhere from one to six
years. For specific information on limitations periods applicable to particular state law claims, see the State Law: Right of Publicity pages.
Jurisdiction: United StatesSubject Area: DefamationPrivacyRight of PublicityMisappropriation
Printer-friendly version
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Forming a Business and Getting OnlineDealing with Legal Threats and RisksNewsgathering and PrivacyAccess to Government InformationIntellectual PropertyRisks Associated With PublicationPublishing Information that Harms Another's ReputationPublishing Personal and Private InformationPublication of Private FactsUsing the Name or Likeness of AnotherState Law: Right of PublicityPractical Tips for Avoiding Private Facts, Misappropriation, and Right of Publicity ClaimsPublishing the Statements and Content of OthersCorrecting or Retracting Your Work After PublicationPublishing Product or Service EndorsementsDealing with Foreign Legal ThreatsUnique Content: Special RisksGuides and Resources
Subscribe to our content! Follow us on Twitter
Username *
Password *
Request new password
Recent Blog Posts
Seven Years of Serving and Studying the Legal Needs of Digital Journalism
6 years 5 months ago
DMLP Announcement: A New Report on Media Credentialing in the United States
6 years 6 months ago
Will E.U. Court's Privacy Ruling Break the Internet?
6 years 7 months ago
Baidu's Political Censorship is Protected by First Amendment, but Raises Broader Issues
6 years 7 months ago
Hear Ye, Hear Ye! Some Federal Courts Post Audio Recordings Online
6 years 7 months ago
Service and Research at the Frontier of Media Law
6 years 8 months ago
DMLP Announcement: Live Chat Session on Tax-Exempt Journalism (UPDATED)
6 years 8 months ago
A New Approach to Helping Journalism Non-Profits at the IRS
6 years 9 months ago
more
We are looking for contributing authors with expertise in media law, intellectual property, First Amendment, and other related fields to join us as guest bloggers. If you are interested, please contact us for more details.
Disclaimer
Information in this guide is based on general principles of law and is intended for information purposes only; we make no claim as to the comprehensiveness or accuracy of the information. It is not offered for the purpose of providing individualized legal advice. Use of this guide does not create an attorney-client or any other relationship between the user and the Digital Media Law Project or the Berkman Center for Internet & Society.
Legal Guide Navigation
Legal Guide Home PageBrowse Guide SectionsBrowse by SubjectSearch the Guide
Most Viewed Guide Pages
Fair Use
Recording Phone Calls and Conversations
California Recording Law
State Law: Recording
Using the Name or Likeness of Another
New York Recording Law
Texas Recording Law
Linking to Copyrighted Materials
Copyright 2007-20 Digital Media Law Project and respective authors. Except where otherwise noted,content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 License: Details.
Use of this site is pursuant to our Terms of Use and Privacy Notice.