https://www.jurisolutions.com/privacy
About JSL
About
Diversity
Team
Process
Blog
Employer Resources
News
Videos
Contact
JURIStaff
About
Candidates
Clients
Case Studies
Job Opportunities
JURIServices
About
Candidates
Clients
Case Studies
Job Opportunities
Government
Capabilities
Case Studies
Opportunities
JSL Legal Search Group
About
Team
Services
Process
Case Studies
Results
Press Room
Job Opportunities
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to JURISolutions® Legal (JSL). We respect our customers and understand the importance of privacy. We have instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled safely and responsibly. We have posted this privacy policy to let you know what types of personally identifiable information we collect and how we use and disclose information.
Contact JSL
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or JSL’s treatment of your personal information, contact us by:
• Email to info@jsl-hq.com; or
• Post to 1500 John F Kennedy Blvd., Suite 1850, Philadelphia, PA 19102
Collection of Personal Information
• When you register with JSL, we will ask for certain personal information including your name and contact information (email address, mailing address and phone number), your job search criteria and preferences, employment experience, education history, state bar or license number (if applicable), skills, reference information and other information contained on your resume.
• We may receive some information about you from other sources and may add it to your profile or account information. For example, we might get updated information from a professional directory website.
• The website utilizes cookies to track your online activities including, but not limited to: registration, submissions, and information requests.
Use of Personal Information
We use personal information and other data collected through the site:
• To provide you with information regarding employment opportunities and career related information and to otherwise provide you with requested information or services.
• To facilitate the employment and staffing process and to conduct confirmation and verification of your identity, credentials, employment and education history, criminal background history, reference checks, bar or license history.
• To respond to customer service inquiries, we need your email address and you also may need to provide us with additional information to help us answer your question.
• To improve the content on our website. For example, we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site are visited most often.
• We may from time to time use your personal information to send you automated email messages or marketing materials regarding our services, including employment information. For example, we send out emails to our candidates about new job offerings, industry updates and upcoming projects and conferences.
• JSL may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required or necessary to government agencies, advisors, and other third parties in order to comply with applicable laws or the service of legal process.
• Where JSL discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. It holds information a site may need to interact with you and personalize your experience. At JSL, we use two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. Once you exit your browser, they go away. Persistent cookies, in contrast, last from visit to visit; they do not go away when you exit your browser. At JSL, we are preparing to use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized when you visit the site. We will use your information to enhance your site experience. However, you can use our site without accepting a persistent cookie. To do so, you should set your browser options to reject persistent cookies. Alternatively, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which gives you the opportunity to decide whether you want to accept it or not. In many instances, the Help button on your browser toolbar will tell you how you can take these steps. Cookies can be used by a website to recognize you, but that does not necessarily mean any personal information is stored in the cookies. At JSL, we store no personal information about you in the cookies. Anything you choose to tell us about yourself (such as your address and email address) is stored safely and separately on our secured servers.
Securing Your Data
JSL will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
JSL will store all personal information you provide on its secure servers.
[Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.]
Revisions to the Policy
JSL may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. Check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes. If we change material terms in this Policy, we will provide notice of the revised policy for 30 days on the home page at www.jurisolutions.com with a link back to this page.
Other Websites
This website contains links to other websites. JSL is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.