http://www.doncasterwentvalleylions.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Main menuSkip to contentHome
Who Are We?
Membership
Charter Members
Meetings
Becoming a Member
Our Work
Message in a Bottle
Sight First II
Christmas Fundraising
Easter Egg Raffle
100 Club
Missing People
News
Events
Gallery
Contact Us
Links
Search for:
Doncaster Went Valley Lions Club is committed to protecting and preserving the privacy of our visitors when viewing our site or communicating electronically with us.
This Privacy Policy contains an explanation of what happens to personal data that you choose to provide us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit this site. Our Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our terms of website use.
We do occasionally update this policy so please do return and review this policy from time to time.
Information We Collect
In running and operating this website we may collect and process certain data and information relating to you and your use of this site. This data and information is detailed below:
Details of visits to our website and the pages and resources that are accessed, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data an d other communication data that may assist us in understanding how visitors use this website.
Information that visitors provide to us as a result of filling in forms on our website, such as when a visitor registers for information or makes a comment on an article.
Information provided to us when our visitors communicate with us electronically for any reason.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyse trends, to administer the site, to track users movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies or log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site.
Cookies
Please read our Cookie Policy for details as to our use of cookies on this site.
Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Doncaster Went Valley Lions Club. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the Doncaster Went Valley Lions Club website.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update or delete it by logging into your account or by contacting us using the form available on our Contact page.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us using the form available on our Contact page.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, you can contact us using one of the methods available on our Contact page.
Share this:GoogleFacebookTwitterLinkedInPrint
Doncaster Went Valley Lions Club supports Keep in touchPhone 0845 833 9558Register for our news feedUseful pagesHomeContact UsCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions