https://www.vera.org/terms-of-use
Thank you for visiting the website of the Vera Institute of Justice, Inc. (“Vera” or “we”) at www.vera.org (the “Site”) and reviewing these terms of use (“Terms”). Use of our Site indicates that you agree with the Terms stated below. We reserve the right to update our policies and these Terms, and recommend that you review this page periodically. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our Site. Your continued use of this Site after any change or update will constitute your acceptance of the updated Terms.
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about how we use your personal information.
Submissions
We may now or in the future allow the submission to the Site of stories, communications, or other materials by users. Please note that such submissions must comply with the terms of submission set forth on the Site or otherwise provided to you in connection with your submission.
Intellectual Property
All material contained on the Site is owned by Vera or its licensors. Other than the limited license to access the Site per these Terms, no other license or rights are granted to you in any intellectual property of Vera or any third party.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Liability
Vera does not make any express or implied warranties, representations, or endorsements whatsoever in connection with the Site, other websites, or the Internet generally (including, without limitation, warranties regarding the security of any information, or warranties of title or non-infringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose). You understand that, except for information, products, or services clearly identified as being supplied by Vera, Vera does not review, operate, or control any material, information, products, or services on the Site or on the Internet, including electronic transmissions from users or materials connected to the Site through links, in any way. Unless otherwise indicated, photographs on the Site do not depict individuals or locations discussed. Photographs are chosen solely for aesthetic reasons. Other than that, the people in these pictures have no connection to Vera, or any of the topics discussed on the Site. Although we intend to take reasonable steps to prevent the introduction of viruses, worms, “Trojan Horses,” or other destructive items to our Site, we do not guarantee or warrant that our Site is free from such features.
In no event shall Vera be liable for any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with this Site, or any failure or delay in updating or including any materials on the Site, or any use of or inability to use any materials on the Site, or your use of, access to, submission of, or reliance on any materials on the Site, or any damages or harm to computer systems arising from your use of the Site, even if Vera has been advised of the possibility of such damages. (Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental and consequential damages, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. In such jurisdictions, Vera’s entire liability and your exclusive remedy with respect to your use of the Site will not exceed $100).
Governing Law/Entire Agreement
This agreement has been made and will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Any action to enforce this Agreement will be brought in the federal or state courts presiding in New York, and you agree to the jurisdiction of such courts. These Terms, and any other terms provided by Vera in connection with your use of or access to the Site, represent the entire agreement between you and Vera with respect to the Site.
Questions
If you have any questions about Vera’s privacy practices, the Site, or these Terms, please contact Vera at veraweb@vera.org.
Double Your ImpactThis year, fighting injustice is more important than ever.
From now until New Year's Day, gifts to Vera will have double the impact.Donate Now