https://www.imaginarius.ca/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Imaginarius collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.imaginarius.ca website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Imaginarius.
How we use collected information
Imaginarius may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
– To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails ( if the user is subscribed to our email list )
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
We do not share your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
Changes to this privacy policy
Imaginarius has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please email contact@imaginarius.ca or call us at 1 (514) 505-6428.
Last updated on September 12, 2015.