http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Society/2016/0315/New-York-boosts-security-at-homeless-shelters-Will-that-help
Skip to main content
Skip to main menu
Skip to search
Skip to footer
This website uses cookies to
improve functionality and performance. By continuing to browse the site
you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Close
Search for:
Subscribe: $11 / Month
Subscribe to the Monitor
Give the Monitor
Manage subscription
Subscription
Manage subscription
Give the Monitor
Monitor Daily Current Issue
Complete coronavirus coverage
Home
World
All World
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Asia: South & Central
Europe
Middle East
Coronavirus response
Progress Watch
Navigating Uncertainty
People Making a Difference
Global Voices
USA
All USA
Politics
Monitor Breakfast
Politics Watch
Foreign Policy
Military
Justice
Education
Education Watch
Society
Commentary
All Commentary
The Monitor's View
Readers Respond
From the Editor
Global Newsstand
A Christian Science Perspective
Economy
Science & Nature
Science
Science Notebook
Environment
Technology
Culture
All Culture
Arts
Music
Movies
Monitor Movie Guide
TV
In a Word
The Home Forum
Culture Cafe
Family
Food
Recipe Categories
Books
All Books
Book Reviews
Author Q&As
Readers' Recommendations
Podcasts
Monitor Daily
Perception Gaps
Rethinking the News
Photos of the Week
Monitor Weekly PDF
About Us
Your Account
Log in
Log out
Manage subscription
Change password
Change email
Your subscriptions
Contact customer service
Support the Monitor
Subscribe
Give a gift subscription
Give a gift subscription
Support Monitor journalism
Free offers
Sign up for Monitor newsletters
One month free trial to the Monitor Daily
Get news that uplifts and empowers
See our other FREE newsletters.
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
Select free newsletters:
The Weekender
A selection of the most viewed stories this week on the Monitor's website.
Every Saturday
Announcements
Hear about special editorial projects, new product information, and upcoming events.
Occasional
Politics
An update on major political events, candidates, and parties twice a week.
Twice a Week
Science & Nature
Stay informed about the latest scientific discoveries & breakthroughs.
Every Tuesday
Commentary
A weekly digest of Monitor views and insightful commentary on major events.
Every Thursday
Books
Latest book reviews, author interviews, and reading trends.
Every Friday
Culture & Learning
A weekly update on music, movies, cultural trends, and education solutions.
Every Thursday
Christian Science Perspective
The five most recent Christian Science articles with a spiritual perspective.
Every Monday
Close
×
New York boosts security at homeless shelters: Will that help?
Violence and poor living conditions at shelters deter some homeless New Yorkers from seeking help there.
Mark Lennihan/AP
A homeless man (r.) sleeps with his belongings stacked into two shopping carts while riding the subway in New York, Monday. Violence, both physical attacks as well as serious threats of bodily harm, is undoubtedly the major deterrent preventing our most marginalized neighbors from accessing lifesaving shelter, said Mary Brosnahan, president and CEO of the Coalition for the Homeless.
Loading...
March 15, 2016
By
Lonnie Shekhtman
Staff
@LonnieShekhtman
After a recent spate of stabbings, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said Tuesday that the city will step up security at its homeless shelters to prevent violence.City officials will re-introduce a domestic violence program that ended in 2010, for one, as family incidents are the most common form of shelter violence. The mayor also said that New York Police Department will retrain all security staff at the Department of Homeless Services, and institute a more extensive reporting system for shelter incidents.“I’ve been clear that we are going to own the challenges of homelessness and be transparent about how serious they are and what we are doing to deal with them,” the mayor said in a statement, as the Associated Press reported.There has been a push statewide, particularly during winter months, to bring people off the streets and into shelters to keep them safe during frigid nights. In January, Gov. Andrew Cuomo issued a controversial executive order requiring New York City and other municipalities to do this.“It’s about love. It’s about compassion. It’s about helping one another and basic human decency,” Governor Cuomo told NY1, a local cable news outlet at the time.
Trump in 2024? For now, president’s hints are freezing GOP field.But opponents of the decree argue that conditions at shelters are often worse and more dangerous than those in the streets.“A lot of people don’t want to go to the shelter because they’ve got to worry about people stealing your stuff. People have knives and guns and stuff – and I’m supposed to feel some sort of safe haven?” Jeremiah Murphy, a man who lives with his family in El Camino Inn, a homeless shelter in Queens, told the Monitor in January.The following month, police arrested a fugitive suspected of stabbing his girlfriend and all three of her children at a hotel used to house homeless people. The woman and two of the children died. It was the third fatal stabbing at a homeless shelter in several weeks.“Violence – both physical attacks as well as serious threats of bodily harm – is undoubtedly the major deterrent preventing our most marginalized neighbors from accessing lifesaving shelter,” Mary Brosnahan, president and CEO of the Coalition for the Homeless in New York City, told the Associated Press.But violence is one part of a larger problem. A December audit by New York City Department of Investigations of 101 randomly selected housing units out of the city’s 155 shelters that serve families with children found “deplorable conditions,” where families lived among rodents, mold, peeling paint, and broken windows.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox.
“Over 23,000 homeless children in our city slept in nightmare conditions last night, many of them surrounded by peeling paint, some feeling the chill from broken windows, and others sharing space with vermin,” Comptroller Scott Stringer said in a statement. "There's absolutely no excuse for any of this."The number of New Yorkers sleeping in shelters has nearly doubled over the past decade. New York City has admitted nearly 60,000 people, nearly 24,000 children, into temporary housing and shelters in the past two years. About 4,000 additional people sleep on the streets nightly.
Related stories
An end to homelessness: Cities take on 'impossible' challenge
New Orleans takes fight against homelessness to the streets
Philadelphia's saint of the streets
Los Angeles to serve as crucible for reform in ending chronic homelessness
Amid cold weather, two different visions for helping New York's homeless
Share this article
Copy link
Link copied.
×
of
stories this month
>
Get unlimited stories
You've read  of  free articles.
Subscribe to continue.
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Get unlimited Monitor journalism.
Learn more
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Already a subscriber? Login
Digital subscription includes:
Unlimited access to CSMonitor.com.
CSMonitor.com archive.
The Monitor Daily email.
No advertising.
Cancel anytime.
Subscribe
Like what you see here?
Less noise. More insight.
SUBSCRIBE TODAY