http://www.send.org/privacy-policy
GO
Explore
Apply
Opportunities
Internships
PRAY
CONNECT
CHURCH RELATIONS
DONOR RELATIONS
GENERAL INQUIRIES
MISSIONS COACH
GIVE
Giving Login
0
Checkout
Close
GO
Explore
Apply
Opportunities
Internships
CONNECT
CHURCH RELATIONS
DONOR RELATIONS
GENERAL INQUIRIES
MISSIONS COACH
PRAY
GIVE
Privacy Policy
Last update: 24 May 2018
Thank you for visiting the website of SEND International. We respect the privacy of our visitors and are committed to keeping your information safe and secure.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we, SEND International, collect about individuals who interact with our organization. It outlines what Personal Data (PD) we may collect, how we use it, how we protect it, how we may share it, how you can access and change it, and how you can limit our sharing of it. Our privacy notice also explains certain legal rights that you have with respect to your PD.
This website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that SEND is not responsible for the security, privacy practices, or materials of those other websites.
If you have any comments or questions about this notice, feel free to contact us at privacy@send.org.
By submitting your PD to SEND, you accept our Privacy Policy.
1. Personal Data That We Process
The following table explains the types of data we collect and the legal basis, under current data protection legislation, on which this data is processed.
Purpose
Data (key elements)
Basis
Inquiring about our organization and its work
Name, email, message
Legitimate interests – it is necessary for us to read and store your message so that we can respond in the way that you would expect.
Subscribing to email updates about our work
Name, email
Consent - you have given your active consent.
Inquiring about opportunities to serve with our organization
Name, email, mailing address, phone number, citizenship, marital status, affiliated organization/church, gender, country or ministry of interest, education, occupation
Legitimate interests – it is necessary for us to collect and store this information so that we can follow up with your request in the way that you would expect.
Making a donation
Name, email, payment information
Legitimate interests – this information is necessary for us to fulfill your intention of donating money and your expectation of receiving a confirmation message.
Ordering a resource
Name, email, mailing address
Legitimate interests – it is necessary for us to read and store your information to fulfill your request for a resource.
Website functionality
Website activity collected through cookies
Legitimate interests – it is necessary for us to store a small amount of information, usually through cookies, to deliver functionality that you would expect, such as remembering the contents of your order before you have fully completed the process.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect PD from children. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests while using send.org.
If you are a child, please seek and verify your parent’s or guardian’s consent to visit and use our website.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has submitted information to SEND, please contact us. Before we remove any information, we may ask for proof of identification to prevent malicious removal of account information. If we discover that a child is accessing our website, we will delete his/her information within a reasonable period of time.
2. How We Use the Information
We will only use your data in a manner that is appropriate considering the basis on which that data was collected, as set out in the table at the top of this policy. This PD may be stored on our website or another SEND administered database. We store PD in a way that safely and securely retains your information.
We may use PD:
To contact you if you expressed interest in an opportunity to serve with SEND or one of our partners;
To respond to your inquiries or orders when you submit feedback or questions;
To send ministry updates and marketing information about our activities (stories, donation opportunities, news, etc.) if you consent to regularly receive such information. Any SEND subscription is optional and free; you may unsubscribe at any time; and
To process donations, as requested and directed by the donor.
Use of Your Credit Card
You may have to provide a credit card to make a donation on our website. We use third-party payment processors and have no control over these services. We use reasonable efforts to make sure your credit card number is kept strictly confidential by using only third-party payment processors that use industry-standard encryption technology to protect your credit card number from unauthorized use. However, you understand and agree that we are in no way responsible for any misuse of your credit card number.
3. When We Share Your Data
We will not sell or market your PD to any third parties. We will not use or transfer PD to third parties for any unrelated purposes—we do not sell, rent or trade our email lists.
Donors requesting anonymity will be acknowledged to the missionary and in any electronic or hard-copy materials as “Anonymous” and the request will be documented in all files.
We may provide your PD to third-party service providers we hire to provide services to us. These third-party service providers may include but are not limited to: payment processors, web analytics companies, data management services, accountants, law firms, auditors, and email service providers.
Legally Required Releases of Information
SEND reserves the right to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the investigation of alleged unlawful activities committed on or through our website. SEND may disclose PD in the course of officially authorized law enforcement investigations; or as required to comply with a current judicial proceeding, court order, warrant, subpoena, or other legal process served on SEND; or to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense. In the event of a suspected attempt to deliberately circumvent our website’s security, SEND may share PD about a suspected intruder with law enforcement officials. SEND shall have no legal liability for such disclosures. SEND reserves the right to challenge the validity of any subpoena, court order, warrant, or other legal process, in its sole discretion.
Transfer of PD to Different or International Locations
When you submit PD to SEND, you understand and agree that this PD may be stored, processed, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate. All transfer, storage, and use of your PD shall be subject to and protected by the Privacy Policy.
European Union users, your PD may be transferred outside the European Union to the United States and/or to other countries. We will use your PD to provide the services and/or information that you request from us or to satisfy a legitimate interest of our organization in a manner that does not outweigh your freedoms and rights. Wherever we transfer, process, or store your PD, we will take reasonable steps to protect it. We will use the information we collect from you in accordance with this privacy notice. By using our website or services, you agree to the transfers of your PD described within this section.
4. How Long We Keep Your Data
We retain information that we collect from you (including your PD) only for as long as we need it for legal, business, or tax purposes. Your information may be retained in electronic form, paper form, or a combination of both. When your information is no longer needed, we will destroy, delete, or erase it.
Security
SEND takes precautions to protect your PD against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction. These include industry-standard encryption technologies; internal reviews of our PD collection, storage, and processing practices; and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store your personal information.
However, SEND cannot guarantee perfect security on the internet. When using the internet, we recommend that you use safe browsing techniques, change your passwords on a regular basis, and keep your computer up to date by applying the latest available security updates for your software and using such tools as virus/spyware scanners.
5. Rights You Have Over Your Data
You have a range of rights over your data, which include the following:
Where data processing is based on consent, you may revoke this consent at any time and we will make it as easy as possible for you to do this (for example, by putting “unsubscribe” links at the bottom of all our marketing emails).
You have the right to ask for rectification and/or deletion of your information.
You have the right of access to your information.
You have the right to lodge a complaint if you feel your rights have been infringed.
If you would like to access the rights listed above, or any other legal rights you have over your data under current legislation, please contact us.
Please note that relying on some of these rights, such as the right to deleting your data, will make it impossible for us to continue to deliver some services to you. However, where possible, we will always try to allow the maximum access to your rights while continuing to deliver as many services to you as possible.
6. Cookies and Usage Tracking
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, e.g., remembering your preferences, recording what you have put in your shopping basket, and counting the number of people looking at a website.
Where cookies are used to collect personal data, we list these purposes in section 1 above, along with other personal data that we collect. However, we also use some cookies that do not collect personal information but that do help us collect anonymous information about how people use our website. We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website usage by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information collected by Google Analytics about usage of our website is not personally identifiable. The data is collected anonymously, stored by Google, and used by us to create reports about website usage. Google’s privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy notice at any time and will publish the most current version on our website. If a modification meaningfully reduces your rights, we’ll notify people whose personal data we hold is affected. In all cases, your continued use of our website and services after any change to this privacy notice will constitute your acceptance of such change.
8. Compliance and Contact
SEND International of the US belongs to the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability, which monitors and accredits nonprofit Christian organizations.
SEND International of Canada is a member of the Canadian Council of Christian Charities.
If you have any inquiries, questions, comments, or complaints about the Privacy Policy, or if you believe SEND did not comply with the Privacy Policy, please contact us here.
Please login to continue
Email
Password
Log In
Forgot your password?
Recover it here.
Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now!
Register for an account
Name
Email
Choose Password
Confirm Password
Sign Up
Go
Pray
Connect
About
Blog
History
Offices
Events
Newsletters
Resources
Statement of Faith
Missions Verses & Quotes
Member Login
Privacy Policy
Giving Login
Give
Projects
Missionaries
Planned Giving