http://www.careaustralia.org.au/privacy-policy/
CARE HomePrivacy policy & Collection statement
CARE Australia Privacy Policy & Collection Statement
Your privacy is important to us.  We want to ensure that we’re as transparent as possible in informing all our supporters how we capture data, store it, and most importantly, use it.
CARE Australia (CARE) is committed to protecting and securing the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information.  If at any point you want to know more about our policy, or are worried about your own details, or have ideas on how we can improve our practices, do let us know via info@care.org.au – full contact details are below.
Importantly, CARE is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the “Privacy Act”) and the privacy provisions of other applicable legislation.  In particular, CARE must adhere to the Australian Privacy Principles in relation to collecting, holding, using, disclosing, securing and allowing access to your personal information.
This privacy policy provides information about how we manage the personal information we collect, hold, use and disclose. In short, any personal information collected by us is covered by this policy, so it’s important to us that the following information is easy to understand.  We will review this policy from time to time and always have this policy publically available throughout our websites.
Thank you for supporting CARE and taking time out of a busy day to read the following.
Your personal information
Definitions are important.  “Personal information” is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
whether the information is true or not; and
whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
The kinds of personal information collected by CARE Australia may (but does not always) include:
the names, contact information (eg mailing address, phone number and email address), date of birth, gender and financial information (eg bank account or credit card details) of our donors
details of donors’ donation history, emails, letters and other interactions with CARE
A donor’s employer details in regards to workplace giving
the names, contact information and employment and academic history of potential staff or volunteers
the names and email addresses of persons who subscribe to our emails.
We may also collect and hold sensitive information of our staff, Board members and volunteers or prospective staff and volunteers, including completed police checks and medical and dental information.
How we collect personal information
There’s a number of ways we collect data.  CARE usually collects your personal information directly from you when you provide it over the phone, through our website, by email, through an online form or through a donation coupon when making a gift to CARE.
We use third parties to fundraise on our behalf including telemarketing.  These third parties will also collect your personal information directly from you when you provide it over the phone, through our website, in person or by email.  This may also include workplace giving.  Crucially, third party organisations based in Australia are also bound by the Privacy Act and Australian Privacy Principles.
If someone makes a donation on your behalf, and asks that you receive information about their gift, we will collect the personal information they provide about you.
We also collect personal information from public records, such as telephone directories, lists and third party surveys, which we purchase for direct marketing and telemarketing, which you have agreed to be on.  When it is necessary to collect your personal information, including from a third party, we will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that you are notified in compliance with the Privacy Act.
CARE will not collect, hold, use or disclose sensitive information (including health information or criminal records) about you unless you give us your consent to do so, or where required by law.
If you wish, you can remain anonymous or use a pseudonym when you contact us and if you make a donation.  We will respect your anonymity.  If you choose not to provide us with your personal information, we may not, for example, be able to provide you with an official tax-deductible receipt or a letter of thanks, or assist you fully with your query or complaint.
Cookies, our website and your privacy
In order to understand how people arrive at the CARE website and related social media platforms and how they use it, we rely on cookies provided by third parties. This enables us to assess the effectiveness of our online advertisements. We may also use your browsing history on the CARE website to send related messages on our work and appeals.  Cookies do not reveal personal information, such as your name, address, phone numbers or email address. You can adjust your browser to disable cookies, but this may restrict your ability to access certain areas of our website.
How we store personal information
CARE understands the importance of protecting your personal information from misuse, loss or unauthorised access or use and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is secure.
CARE holds your personal information securely through physical and electronic means.  We have restricted physical access to our offices, hard copy files are stored in secure cabinets and store rooms, and staff are trained in our privacy procedures.  We use security encrypted response forms to protect the personal and financial information you provide us over the Internet and secure online payment systems, our in-house IT system is secured with a firewall and anti-virus scanners, your information is stored in secure databases and only authorised staff have access to your information and only when it is required.
CARE will destroy or de-identify your personal information when we no longer need it for the purpose for which it was collected, unless the law requires otherwise.  If you send us your personal information when we don’t ask for it we will determine whether or not the information is related to one or more of our activities. If the information is not relevant to what we do, we may destroy or de-identify the personal information if it is lawful and reasonable to do so.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information to carry out our charitable, aid and related activities. For example, we use your personal information to:
process any donations you may send to us
send to you information about CARE Australia including newsletters, updates and information on appeals
update you if we have information that may affect your support
confirm who you are when you contact us
keep you informed about our work including by mail, email, SMS or telephone
respond to your questions, comments, compliments or complaints
circulating questionnaires to improve our services
analyse donor activity in order to improve our effectiveness including for quality assurance
report on our activities including producing our Annual Report
CARE relies on the generosity of our donors to carry out our mission. Therefore, we may also use your personal information for direct marketing purposes to promote our upcoming events, appeals, projects or other activities. However, where we do use your information for this purpose, we will always provide a simple means for you to opt out of receiving these communications.
Opting Out
If you wish to opt out of communications you are currently receiving, use any of the clear links that we provide in all our digital communication (like sms or email) or call the CARE general enquires line on 1800 020 046, or simply email at info@care.org.au
Disclosing your Information
We respect that ‘who’ we share your information with is important to you.
In no instances do we sell your information onto other third parties. CARE Australia does not use your data with third parties to undergo ‘wealth screening’ activities.
CARE will only use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles.  This may include where use or disclosure is required by law, where we have your consent to the use or disclosure, or for the purpose for which it was collected or related purposes that you would reasonably expect CARE to use or disclose that personal information.
CARE will not disclose information about you to any other individuals or organisations apart from with our own hired contractors and service providers that we engage on a confidential basis to help fulfil our fundraising activities.  For example, we disclose information to our trusted third party providers such as:
With our mailing house partners to send our supporters the CARE Supporter magazine, and Appeals
With our marketing partners to help call donors for their support. Please be aware that although charities are exempt from the “Do Not Call Register”, we have chosen to respect the principles behind this register and advise our third parties not to call anyone listed on the Register.
With your financial institution in the case of direct debit or some credit card transaction issues.
With your employer if you have participated in a fundraising activity as part of a corporate or office team.
Please note, the above list is not exhaustive, but to repeat, these organisations are also bound by the Australian Privacy Principles.
CARE may also use and disclose your personal information to overseas providers such as cloud service providers. Before we send your personal information overseas, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the recipient will not breach the Australian Privacy Principles, including contractual obligations to treat your personal information in substantially the same way as required under the Australian Privacy Principles.
For any other circumstances where we need to disclose your personal information overseas, we will expressly inform you of the disclosure and obtain your consent.
Help us keep your information accurate
CARE aims to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, relevant and not misleading.  However the accuracy of this information is largely dependent on the information you provide.
To assist us with this, please contact us if you are aware of any changes required to your personal information.
Even if you don’t contact us, if we are satisfied that, having regard to the reasons for which we hold your personal information, that personal information is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading, we may take reasonable steps to correct that information.
You can access your information
You have a right to access, update and correct personal information that CARE holds about you.
Requests for access to personal information should be made by email, post or phone using the details provided under the ‘Contacting us’ heading.
Before providing access to or correcting your personal information, we may also require you to verify your identity. In the unlikely event that we are unable to provide you with access to your personal information, we will provide you with written reasons for denying access.
Enquiries and complaints
We want to hear from you.  Enquiries or concerns about privacy matters, including complaints about how CARE handles personal information and concerns that CARE has breached the Australian Privacy Principles, should be made in writing as detailed below under the heading “Contacting us”. CARE will respond to all enquiries as quickly as possible.  We normally have a very fast turn-around so if you’ve not heard back, feel free to call us.
If you would prefer to deal with us anonymously, you are not required to provide your personal information to us unless we are required by law to deal with individuals who have identified themselves or it is impractical for us to deal with individuals who have not identified themselves.
If you are not satisfied with how we have handled your matter, you may wish to contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner via the contact details listed on www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us-page.
If you wish to make a complaint about our privacy practices, please submit a written complaint by email to complaints@care.org.au or by post to:
Company Secretary
CARE Australia
GPO Box 2014
Canberra ACT 2601
In general, we will respond to your complaint within 30 days, normally much sooner. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may make a written complaint to the Australian Information Commissioner. For more information about our complaints process see our Complaints Policy. For more information about the Australian Information Commissioner visit www.oaic.gov.au.
Contacting us
Please contact us if:
you have any queries in relation to the privacy policy of CARE;
you would like to know what personal information CARE holds about you and how you can gain access to it, or you would like to correct or update it; or
you believe that your privacy has been breached, or if you believe that CARE has breached the Australian Privacy Principles or the Privacy Act, and you wish to make a complaint.
You may contact us by:
Writing to: CARE Australia, PO Box 372 Collins Street West Melbourne, VIC 8007
Emailing: info@care.org.au
Telephoning: 03 9421 5572 between the hours of 9am and 5pm, Monday to Friday.
We put women and girls at the heart of our work. CARE Australia is a leading international aid organisation that works around the globe to save lives and defeat poverty.
We put women and girls at the heart of our work.
Donate Now
Processing your payment...