https://www.koreanquarterly.org/terms-of-service/
Subscribe
Donate
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerEditor’s Note
Minnesota News
National News
Global News
COVID-19
Events
Store
Features
Politics
Opinion
Books
Theater
Film & Dramas
Food & Drink
Music
Creative
Webtoons
These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions that govern the use of the current and future websites, platforms, services, and applications owned or operated by Korean Quarterly (“KQ”), including without limitation, www.koreanquarterly.org (the “Site”). You accept andagree to be bound by these Terms of Use when you use the Site, without limitation, including when you view or access content or videos on the Site. If you do not agree to be abide by the above, please do not use the Site.These Terms of Use may be modified in whole or in part, to add or remove terms, at any time. Such modifications, additions, or deletions will be effective immediately upon posting. Use of the Site after such posting shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of suchmodifications, additions, or deletions. This Site and its components are offered for informational purposes only. This Site shall not beresponsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness, or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Site and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions in that information.
Intellectual Property
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music, and sounds. The entire contents of the Site are copyrighted under the United States copyright laws as a collective work. KQ owns copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, andenhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to the Site. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part. You may download copyrighted material for your personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, nocopying, redistribution, retransmission, publication, or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of KQ and the copyright owner (if the copyright owner is any party other than KQ). In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution, or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in, or deletion of authorattribution, trademark legend, or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. KQ owns all rights to its logos and trademarks used in connection with this Site. All other logos and trademarks appearing on the Site are the property of the respective owner. KQ respects the rights of all copyright holders. If you believe that your copyrighted work asbeen copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide the information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) to the contact identified at the end of these Terms of Use.
Advertisements and Links to Third Party Websites
KQ may display advertisements, promotional materials, or links to other Websites from third parties on the Site. Any dealings with third parties, and any terms, conditions, warranties, or other representations in conjunction with those third parties are solely between you and the third party. KQ is not responsible or otherwise liable for any loss or damage incurred because of such dealings or resulting from the presence of the third parties on the Site. We encourage you to read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of other Websites.
User Accounts and Registration
You may be given the opportunity to register via an online registration form to create a user account (“User Account”) that may allow you to receive information from KQ and/or participate in certain interactive areas of the Site. KQ will use the information you provide during creation of the User Account and when logged into the User Account in accordance with the KQ Privacy Policy
By registering you represent and warrant that all information that you provide on the registration form is current, complete, and accurate to the best of your knowledge. You agree to maintain and promptly update your registration information on the Site so that it remains current, complete, and accurate. During the registration process, you may be required to choose a password and/or username. You acknowledge and agree that KQ may rely on this password or username to identify you. You shall be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your username(s) or password(s). You are responsible for all use of the User Account, regardless of whether you authorized such access or use, and for ensuring that all use of the User Account complies fully with the provisions of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law and Venue
The content, data, video, and all other material and features on the Site are presented for providing entertainment, news and/or information and/or promoting programs, films, music, games, and other products and/or services that are or may become available in the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates. Any and all disputes, claims, and controversies arising out of or in connection with your access to, and/or use of the Site, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through the Site shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Minnesota applicable to contracts made, entered into and performed entirely therein, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions, except to theextent that law is inconsistent with or preempted by federal law. To the extent that a dispute is not subject to arbitration under the Dispute Resolution section of this Agreement, that action shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in Hennepin County,Minnesota. KQ and user both irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in Hennepin County, Minnesota, for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.
Severability
This Terms of Use Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein. Except as specified in the Dispute Resolution Section, if any provision of this Agreement shall be held unlawful, void, or unenforceable, then that provision shall bedeemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Dispute Resolution
In the unlikely event that contacting KQ does not resolve a dispute, then you and KQ agree to resolve such a dispute through binding arbitration instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.Questions
Any questions about these Terms of Use should be addressed to publisher@koreanquarterly.org.
Primary Sidebar
digital_archive_sidebar_ad
Korean Quarterly Digital Archive
Help us fund our initiative to preserve
Korean American stories and continue our legacy of independent journalism.
Events Calendar
« Dec 2020
»
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
Trending Articles
Stories of family seekers
Geographical significance
Kimchi Girl
Race and privilege
Kimchi Girl
FooterLegal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Submission Policy
Sections
Features
Politics
Opinion
Books
Theatre
Film & Dramas
Food & Drink
Music
Creative
Webtoons
Events
Info
About Us
Board of Directors
Staff
Awards
Follow
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS Feed
More
Advertise
Subscribe
Donate
Contact Us
Leak to Us
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept