https://www.kscle.org/privacy
Privacy
In the best interest of the Kansas Continuing Legal Education Commission, KSCLE, and the users of this website, we only collect the minimum amount of information necessary to
serve our customers. As a component unit of the Supreme Court of Kansas, the KSCLE Commission maintains personal information necessary to administer the tracking of mandatory
continuing legal education requirements. KSCLE will collect no personal information about you when you visit its website unless you voluntarily choose to provide that information
by entering information in an online form, sending an e-mail, registering for an automated service subscription, or by performing an online service transaction.
Data Collection
If the purpose of visiting our website is to review web pages or download information, certain information will automatically be gathered. Your web browser software
transmits most of this information; however, this information does not identify you personally.
The type of browser and operating system used to access the website
The date and time website is accessed
The pages visited, including graphics loaded from each page and other documents downloaded, such as PDF (Portable Document Format) files and word processing documents
If referred to the website from another site, KSCLE may capture the address of the referring site. KSCLE uses this information to make its website more useful to visitors-
to learn about the number of visitors to the site and the types of technology visitors use. We do not use information to track or record information about individuals and
their visits.
Use of Cookies
A "cookie" is a small text file that a website can place on your computer's hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site
or to make it possible for you to use an online "shopping cart" to keep track of items you wish to purchase. The cookie transmits this information back to the website's
computer which, generally speaking, is the only computer that can read it. Most consumers do not know that "cookies" are being placed on their computers when they visit
websites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a website attempts to place a "cookie" on your
computer.
Cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction. Certain services, such as MyKSCLE use cookies to enhance the user experience and avoid multiple login/password
authentication.
Voluntary Personal Information Submission
If you choose to identify yourself by sending KSCLE an e-mail, registering for MyKSCLE, or by using online forms, some personal data may be collected; however, that data will only
be used for limited purposes. Personal information may be asked under the following circumstances:
KSCLE may ask for your e-mail address in order to process various applications or transactions available its website - for example, MyKSCLE online transcript accounts,
internet services, e-mail subscriptions or online transactions.
When you use KSCLE's online payment services and pay by credit card, KSCLE asks for the cardholder's name, address, account number, and card expiration date.
All of these activities are purely voluntary. You will always have the option of whether to perform the transaction and provide this information. Please understand, however, that
in order to open a MyKSCLE account or perform online transactions, you will be required to provide, or confirm, some personal information.
Refunds
As part of a commitment to lawyer service and automation initiatives, the Kansas Continuing Legal Education Commission offers secure online payment of certain fees.
Any requests for a refund or waiver of fees will be reviewed on an individual basis. In the event a fee is deemed eligible for a refund, the amount will be refunded or
appropriately credited.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Data
KSCLE will only send personally identifiable information about you to other companies, agencies, or people when:
Exchange of information is in accordance with the rules and regulations for the administration of continuing legal education in Kansas.
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested. For example, for security purposes, KSCLE uses a third party payment processing
company, and it sends information for billing purposes only;
We are required to do so by law, subpoena, court order, or legal process;
Public Disclosure
KSCLE already maintains, or may acquire, personally identifiable information through its normal regulatory functions.
As the Supreme Court Regulatory Agency for continuing legal education, KSCLE is required to maintain many documents for archival and historical purposes; however, it does
not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you or for other purposes required by law.
When you provide personally identifiable information to KSCLE, such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to an Administrative Court office, and
subject to the laws, regulations, practices, and procedures of the respective agency.
Links to Other Sites
KSCLE.org contains links to other agencies and rescoures. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Changes to this Policy
KSCLE may revise this policy from time to time. If changes are substantial in nature we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages. This is a statement
of policy and should not be interpreted as a contract of any kind.
Contact Information
If you have any comments, questions, or concerns about KSCLE, its policies or this website please contact the KSCLE.