http://www.thesecrethollow.com/privacy-policy/
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is The Secret Hollow’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. The Secret Hollow may change this privacy policy from time to time at The Secret Hollow’s sole discretion.
about us
random posts
A Quick Guide to Taking Care of Your Roof
Top 4 Benefits of Hiring a Professional Roofing Co...
recent comments
Roofing Contractors Nashville, MidSouth ConstructionSlate Roof Repair in Nashville TN May 24, 2017Slate Roof Repair in Nashville TN   Slate roof repair in Nashville TN is a specialty of certified Master Elite Roofing Contractor MidSouth Construction!  Slate roofing is a desirable and durable material when it comes to roof choices, but it is still vulnerable to erosion... The post Slate Roof Repair in Nashville TN appeared first […]Reliable Roof Repairs | Nashville Roofing Contractor May 16, 2017Reliable Roof Repairs | Nashville Roofing Contractor Reliable Roof Repairs | Nashville Roofing Contractor Looking for reliable roof repairs for your home or business in Nashville? If so, you’ve come to the right place! MidSouth Construction Roofing and General   Contracting is certified as a... The post Reliable Roof Repairs | Nashville Roofing Contractor appeared […]VOTING OPENS FOR FREE ROOF | Roofing Contractor MidSouth Construction May 2, 2017VOTING OPENS FOR FREE ROOF | Roofing Contractor Voting opens for Free Roof | Roofing Contractor Midsouth Construction has selected FOUR FINALISTS in their FREE ROOF GIVE-AWAY! Voting now open at RoofingbyMidsouth.com/freeroof   Nashville, TN – MidSouth Construction,LLC  announced the four finalists have been selected... The post VOTING OPENS FOR FREE ROOF | Roofing Contractor […]Commercial Roofing Project for Multi-Family Housing Underway April 24, 2017Commercial Roofing Project for Multi-Family Housing Community in Nashville, TN A commercial roofing project for multi-family housing is underway by commercial roofer, MidSouth Construction.  The full roof replacement project for the large town home complex in Nashville, TN will take several weeks to complete.  Commercial... The post Commercial Roofing Project for Multi-Family Housing Underway appeared […]FREE Roof Nominations Close Soon! March 16, 2017FREE ROOF Nominations Close Soon! Free Roof Nominations close Soon! Nashville Roofing Contractor to give away a FREE ROOF! Davidson County and Rutherford County residents with roofs that need to be replaced, have a chance to receive a brand new roof for their home absolutely... The post FREE Roof Nominations Close Soon! appeared first on […]FREE Roof Nominations Open February 6, 2017FREE ROOF Nominations Open – Nashville Roofing Contractor MidSouth Construction FREE ROOF Nominations Open – Nashville Roofing Contractor, MidSouth Construction is still accepting nominations for their No Roof Left Behind FREE ROOF GIVEAWAY! Who do you know that would be blessed to receive a FREE... The post FREE Roof Nominations Open appeared first on Roofing […]Emergency Water Removal | Water Cleanup Restoration February 2, 2017Emergency Water Removal | Water Cleanup Restoration Midsouth Construction Water Mitigation Division offers complete Water Restoration Services!   From beginning to end, when you have emergency water issues in your home or business due to burst pipes, harsh storms, malfunctioning appliances or even flooding, MidSouth... The post Emergency Water Removal | Water Cleanup Restoration appeared […]What Is a Master Elite Roofing Contractor February 1, 2017What is a Master Elite Roofing Contractor and what does it mean? What is a Master Elite Roofing Contractor?  Midsouth Construction is Nashville’s top roofing contractor that holds the prestigious Master Elite certification with GAF. But you may wonder what that really means and why is... The post What Is a Master Elite Roofing Contractor appeared […]Bad Commercial Roof?
Beware of the Potential Damage! January 4, 2017Bad Commercial Roof?  Beware of the Potential Damage! Have a bad commercial roof?  Beware of the potential damage and costly expenses that is can cause!  Since your commercial roof is out of sight, many people also make the mistake of placing it out of mind! ... The post Bad Commercial Roof? Beware of the Potential Damage! […]Proper Roof Maintenance | Commercial Roofing Contractors December 12, 2016Property Roof Maintenance | Commercial Roofing Contractors Proper roof maintenance by commercial roofing contractors can sustain your commercial roofing system and prevent a costly replacement of an underperforming roof. Roof maintenance is critical to ensure proper performance for your commercial roofing system and ensure the... The post Proper Roof Maintenance | Commercial Roofing Contractors appeared […]
Recent Posts
A Quick Guide to Taking Care of Your Roof
Top 4 Benefits of Hiring a Professional Roofing Contractor
Categories
roof
Roofing Contractor
Recent Comments Archives
March 2017
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress