http://www.karma-kagyud.org.sg/privacy-policy
Please click here to submit Feedback Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore, is committed to protecting your privacy and we will demonstrate reasonable care and respect in our treatment of any personal data that we may obtain from you.
This Privacy Policy outlines Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s policy and responsibility in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Act 26 of 2012) and any subsidiary legislation (the “Act”).
From time to time, we may require your personal data (i.e. data which may identify you personally) when you deal, interact or transact with us e.g. if you participate in activities organized by Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore. Your participation in such activities is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice in submitting your personal data.
Types of Personal Data Collected
The types of personal data that Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore collects depend on the purposes/ occasions for the collection or the nature of the activity/ transaction involved. We may collect the following types of data which may amount to personal data:
Name, NRIC or other identification number, date of birth, address, contact number, CCTV footage, photographs, email address or IP address;
Demographic data such as gender, age, area of residence, monthly income.
If you provide personal data relating to a third party (e.g. information about your dependent, spouse, children and/or parents) to us, you represent and warrant that the consent of that third party has been given/obtained for our collection, use and disclosure of their personal data in connection with the purposes specified below and that such personal data is accurate and complete.
Purposes for Collection, Use and Disclosure
Purposes Generally, Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may collect, use and/ or disclose personal data for the following purposes:
To facilitate center activities.
To improve our services. For instance, if you participate in our surveys, we may use your feedback/ suggestions to improve the experience at Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore.
To inform you of Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s promotions and updates. For instance, if you subscribe to Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s mailing list, we may communicate with you via e-mail updates in relation to special offers or activities offered by Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre
To process and respond to your enquiries, feedback, requests, complaints or incident reports. For instance, if you send feedback to Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore, we may use your contact information to communicate with you.
To generate internal reports such as annual, operational or management reports.
For security purposes. For instance, if you enter Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s premises, surveillance cameras may capture your images. Your photographs may also be captured if you attend events or activities held on Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s premises.
To resolve any disputes which may arise between Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore and you.
For any investigation or proceedings where your personal data is relevant. For instance, if you wish to report to us an incident at Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s premises, we may collect your particulars to respond to you or conduct further investigations.
To comply with applicable laws.
For evaluative purposes as defined under the Act;
For other specific purposes for which your personal data was provided.
Disclosure to Third Parties Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore will use reasonable efforts to ensure that its employees and other third parties who are involved in the collection, use and disclosure of personal data will observe and adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We will not sell or rent your personal data to third parties. We may share your personal data with our related entities or other third parties in connection with the purposes contemplated by this Privacy Policy.
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may disclose your personal data to law enforcement or government agencies for security/legal purposes. Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore also has the right to share your personal data as is necessary to prevent a threat to the life, health or security of an individual. Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may disclose personal data, as is necessary, to investigate suspected unlawful activities including but not limited to fraud and intellectual property rights infringement.
Withdrawal
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore gives you the option of opting out of receiving newsletters and marketing materials from us. If you do not wish to receive any marketing materials from us, you can indicate your preference at the Information Counter of Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore.
For newsletters and marketing materials communicated to you via email, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the latest email containing such newsletter or material or by sending an email to xxx@kkbc to indicate that you wish to unsubscribe.
You may also withdraw your consent in relation to other purposes by writing to us. Where applicable, Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore will inform you of the likely consequences of such withdrawal. If you have given your consent for multiple purposes, please note that your personal data may still be collected, disclosed and used for purposes for which no withdrawal of consent was made. Please note that even upon complete withdrawal of consent, Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may still retain Personal Data necessary for legal and business reasons or as may be required by law.
Access
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may, upon your written request to us, allow you to access your personal data in our possession or control.
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore has the right to reject frivolous or vexatious requests or requests for trivial information or any request on other grounds provided under the Act.
Retention
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore will only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or as allowed/ required by applicable laws.
Accuracy
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore needs your assistance to ensure that your personal data is current, complete and accurate. As such, please inform Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore of any changes or errors in your personal data by contacting Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore and submitting your updated particulars to Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore in writing. Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may also request from you updates on your personal data from time to time.
Protection and Verification
The security of your personal data is important to us. We will protect your personal data by adopting reasonable measures to reduce the risks of unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may adopt verification practices and processes to verify your identity or to process your requests. For example, when you redeem a gift with Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore, Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may require your personal data such as your telephone number to call or interact with you.
Cookies
If you access and/ or use Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s website, Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore may use cookies in dealing, interacting or transacting with you.
Such cookies may be used to identify you. Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore is not responsible for any third party cookies.
You may block cookies on your web browser but some of the features of Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s website may then not function properly. By blocking cookies, not all features and functions of the Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore’s website will function properly, we may not receive/be able to process your requests and some of the transactions/activities may not be completed as a result.
Updates to Privacy Policy
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. Please check this Website for the latest and most current Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore has appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) to oversee Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore and its employees’ compliance with Act. If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the DPO in writing at the address below:
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre Singapore 38 Lorong 22 Geylang, 398695
or feedback@karma-kagyud.org.sg .
FacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn
Karma Kagyud Buddhist Centre
No. 38, Lorong 22 Geylang,
Singapore 398695
Email: adminweb@karma-kagyud.org.sg
Phone: +65 6749 1103
Privacy Policy  |  Terms Of Service
Search
HomeAbout UsLineageHis Holiness the 17th Gyalwa Karmapa Trinley Thaye DorjeHis Holiness the late 14th Kunzig ShamarpaAbbotKarma Kagyud Buddhist CentreActivitiesPast ActivitiesCNY_2018 Nyungne Retreat_2018 MarpaMila_2018 Teachings -Mar-2018NymingmaBuilding a Dementia Friendly CommunityJamgon Kongtrul Rinpoche Amitayus EmpowermentAmitabha Jang Chong PujaBirthday Celebration of His HolinessMother’s Day 2018VESAK Celebration 29 may 20181000 Lamps Offering -Ullambana Grand PujaGreen TaraVolunteering at Willing Hearts just got easier!Yoga For HealthCelebration Of KKBC Abbot’s 59th BirthdayKagyu Monlam 2018White Tara who Bestows RealizationAbbot Shangpa Rinpoch’s 60th Birthday CelebrationGalleryPhotosVideosPublicationsDharma TextsTeachingsTeachings-AudioCalendarContact UsVolunteerMembershipFeedbackLoginLog OutMani Dungdrub