http://www.leadingtheway.org/privacy-notice
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: December 6, 2018
Leading The Way is committed to safeguarding your data and this Privacy Notice describes how Leading The Way and our processors (collectively, “LTW,” “we,” and “us”) collect, use, disclose, transfer, store, retain or otherwise process your information when you (whether you are a person or group) donate, purchase products, or otherwise apply or sign up for a Leading The Way account or other services (including, but not limited to, My Journal, emails, monthly newsletters, and other ministry related communications) through Leading The Way’s website or applications (collectively, “Services”) both online and offline.
This Privacy Notice applies to you when using our Services and covers information collected in connection with your access to and use of our Services both online and offline. By continuing to interact with our Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice, except that if you are a European Union resident or other data subject, you need to affirmatively consent
to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Our Privacy Notice explains:
Information we collect about you
How we use your information
How we share your information
How long we retain your information
Cookies and other similar technologies
Your choices
Security
Storage and processing
Changes to this privacy notice
Contact
Additional notices to California residents
Additional notices to European Union residents or other data subjects
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We need to collect information about you in order to provide you with the Services or to support your request(s), such as your donation or separate gift aid receipt. The type of information we gather can vary depending on the country from which you access our Services. Additionally, you can choose to voluntarily provide information to us.
Information You Provide
When you select to ‘Opt In’ through our account creation page, we collect information you provide as you sign up or agree to gift aid through a Leading The Way account or for other Services, authenticate your account, communicate with us, answer our surveys, upload content, or otherwise use the Services.
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including:
Identification Information. Your name; email address; mailing address; phone number; or other historical, contact, and demographic information when you make a donation or purchase, oapply or sign up for an Leading The Way account or other Services, Opt-In selection (implied consent), and authentication credentials (for example, information you use to login to your account), including the originating IP address.
Financial Information. Information such as bank account, tokenized payment card numbers, and other publicly available information.
Transaction Information. When you use our Services to make, accept, request, or record donations, we collect information about when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
Other Information You Provide. Information that you voluntarily provide to us, including your prayer requests; survey responses; participation in challenges, promotions, events, or other prospective marketing forms; suggestions for improvements; referrals; or any other actions performed on the Services.
Information We Collect from You When You Use Our Services Online
When you use our web site, we only identify the originating Internet Protocol (“IP”) address you use to connect with us, so that we ensure we can route you to the correct country/region of our web site.
Routing is based upon IP address to the closest region we support, in order to supply you with default choices on the web site.
Children’s Information
Our Services are general audience services not directed at children under the age of 18. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use information about you for a number of purposes, including:
Providing, Improving, and Developing our Services
Determining whether the Services are available in your country;
Processing or recording donations or gift aid;
Otherwise providing you with the Leading The Way items and Services you choose to use;
Displaying your historical interaction;
Providing, maintaining and improving our Services;
Developing new items and services;
Delivering the information and support you for request, including partnership information, technical notices, security alerts, support, and administrative messages including to resolve any misunderstandings, disputes, and provide assistance for problems with our Services or your Leading The Way account;
Improving, personalizing, and facilitating your use of our Services;
Measuring, tracking, and analyzing trends and usage in connection with your use or the performance of our Services.
Communicating with You About our Services
Sending you ministry updates, opportunities along with other information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us about our items and services;
Occasionally, conducting surveys and collecting feedback about our Services.
Protecting our Services and Maintaining a Trusted Environment
Investigating, detecting, preventing, or reporting fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, other potentially prohibited or illegal activities, or to otherwise help protect your account, including to dispute chargebacks on your behalf;
Protecting our and our customers’, rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services;
Enforcing our Terms and Conditions or other applicable agreements or policies;
Verifying your identity;
Complying with any applicable laws or regulations, or in response to lawful requests for information from the government or through legal process;
Fulfilling any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services;
Contacting you to resolve disputes, and provide assistance with our Services.
Marketing
Marketing of our Services;
Communicating with you about ministry opportunities, items, services, and surveys offered by us;
If we send you marketing emails, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt out” via the unsubscribe link from receiving future marketing or other communications.
Other Uses
For any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services from time to time.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Leading The Way will not sell or share your data to anyone under any circumstances. We are committed to protecting your personal information and ensuring that it is not used for any purpose other than to serve you and to remain in compliance with governmental laws.
In order to render ministry-related Services, we may share your information with trusted third-party vendors in these scenarios:
With Other Users of our Services with Whom You Interact
With other users of our Services with whom you interact through your own use of our Services. For example, we may share information when you make a donation and receive an item sent as a gift to another person using our Services or notify you when someone makes a donation in your name to our ministry.
With Third Parties
With third parties to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, including service providers who access information about you to perform services on our behalf, such as financial institutions, payment networks, payment card associations, credit bureaus, and other entities in connection with the Services;
With third parties that may contact you on our behalf for special ministry opportunities or other events on our behalf or in connection with our Services.
Safety and Compliance with Law
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, etc.); (ii) to enforce or comply with our Terms and Conditions or other applicable agreements or policies; (iii) to protect our or our customers’ rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services; or (iv) to protect us, users of our Services or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you the Services or to comply with applicable law. However, even after you remove or ask us to forget your account, we can retain encrypted copies of your information and any transactions or Services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with applicable law, applicable statute of limitations, or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, to enforce our Terms and Conditions or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We use various technologies to collect information when you access or use our Services, including placing a piece of code, commonly referred to as a “cookie” on your device. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive or in your device memory when you visit a website or view a message. Among other things, cookies support the integrity of our registration process, retain your preferences and account settings, and help evaluate and compile aggregated statistics about your activity. We will begin collecting information about you or from activity on devices you use as soon as you use our Services. By using our Services, you permit us to collect and use your information from activity on devices you use in accordance with this Privacy Notice, except that if you are a European Union resident or other data subject, your use of our Services, without your affirmative consent, does not constitute your permission for us to do the foregoing. For more information and to learn how to block or delete cookies used in the Services, please see below.
The cookies we use last for the duration of your web or application session and remain when you close your browser or exit the application. The cookies are used to remember you when you return to use the Services (preferences, location, security, analytics, and session state) and, as such, will last longer.
We may use cookies to:
Remember that you have visited us or used the Services before. This allows us to identify the number of unique visitors we receive so that we can provide enough capacity to accommodate all of our users.
Customize elements of the website layout and/or content of our Services.
Collect data about the way you interact with our Services (e.g., when you use certain features).
Collect data to assess and improve our partnership campaigns, including sending information to our service providers.
Allow our third party vendors to use tracking technologies to track your behavior on our behalf on our Platform (including when you use multiple devices) and on partner websites.
Collect anonymous statistical information about how you use the Services (including the length of your web or application session) and the location from which you access the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn which elements and functions of the Services are most popular with our users.
Most web and mobile device browsers are set to automatically accept cookies by default. However, you can change your browser settings to prevent automatic acceptance of cookies, or to notify you each time a cookie is set.
You also can learn more about cookies by visiting this website, which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies on different types of browsers and mobile devices. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies used in the Services, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Services.
YOUR CHOICES
Personal Information
You may access, change, or correct information that you have provided by logging into your Leading The Way account at any time or by making a request to us using the contact details below, in which case we may need to verify your identity before granting access or otherwise changing or correcting your information.
Removing Your Account
If you wish to remove your account, you can do so by logging into your Leading The Way account or by emailing us using the contact details below. However, if you have chosen to donate claiming gift aid, certain details of your information will be stored in accordance with Gift Aid regulations and only be made available in accordance with Gift Aid guidelines. To the extent possible, all non-pertinent data will be anonymized.
Forgetting Your Account
If you wish to have your account forgotten, you can do so by logging into your Leading The Way account or by emailing us using the contact details below.
However, if you have chosen to donate claiming gift aid, certain details of your information will be stored in accordance with gift aid regulations and only be made available in accordance with Gift Aid guidelines. To the extent possible, all non-pertinent data will be anonymized.
Location Information
In order to provide certain Services, we may require access to location information, including precise geolocation information collected from your device. If you do not consent to collection of this information, certain Services will not function properly and you will not be able to use those Services. You can stop our collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, some of our mobile applications will no longer function. You also may stop our collection of location information via mobile application by following the standard uninstall process to remove all Leading The Way mobile applications from your device.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking across websites. Leading The Way does not have a mechanism in place to respond to DNT signals. Leading The Way does track some activity across websites (including your search terms, the website you visited before you visited or used the Services, and other clickstream data) and we may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice from web browsers that have enabled DNT signals or similar mechanisms.
Ministry Opportunity Communications
You can opt out of receiving ministry opportunity messages from Leading The Way by following the instructions in those messages, by informing the operator that you would not like to receive future ministry opportunity calls, or by changing your notification settings by logging into your Leading The Way account.
Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services. If you decide to opt out, we can still send you personal communications, such as digital receipts and messages about your account.
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We hold information about you both at our secure cloud and with the assistance of third-party service providers.
STORAGE AND PROCESSING
We may use third-party service providers to, process and store your information in the United States, Canada, Australia, or the United Kingdom—depending upon your location.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time by posting a revised version and updating the “Effective Date” above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed. We will provide you with reasonable prior notice of material changes in how we use your information by posting it on the web page and list effective dates under the Title of this Privacy Notice above. If you disagree with these changes, you may cancel your account at any time. Your continued use of our Services constitutes your consent to any amendment of this Privacy Notice.
CONTACT
Please contact our Privacy Department with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice. You may reach them by sending an email to: info@ltw.org.
Data Protection Officer c/o
Leading The Way with Dr. Michael Youssef
Building 100
1570 Northside Dr. NW
Atlanta, GA 30318, U.S.A.
https://ltw.org/privacy  (This Privacy Notice)
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy notice, or if you believe our privacy notice or applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information have not been respected, you may file a complaint with our Data Protection Officer listed above, and we will respond to let you know who will be handling your matter and when you can expect a further response. We may request additional details from you regarding your concerns and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and address your issue. We may keep records of your request and any resolution.
ADDITIONAL NOTICES TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Information on Marketing Disclosures
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our Services who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us at info@ltw.org.
Content Removal for Users Under 18 Years Old
If you are a user under 18 years of age and reside in California, you may request and obtain removal of, content or information that you have posted when using our Services. You may send us any such requests by one of the following methods: (i) by email (writing “Privacy Policy – Removal Request” in the subject line) at info@LTW.org; or (ii) by writing to us at Data Protection Officer c/o; Leading The Way with Dr. Michael Youssef; Building 100; 1570 Northside Dr. NW; Atlanta, GA 30318. We will review the request and respond promptly. You should be aware that a request to remove content or information posted by you when using the Services does not ensure or require complete or comprehensive removal of such content or information from our databases.
ADDITIONAL NOTICES TO EUROPEAN UNION RESIDENTS OR OTHER DATA SUBJECTS
Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
When processing your personal information, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases (or other available legal grounds), depending on the circumstances:
Legitimate Interests – We may process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest in such processing for managing, operating, or promoting our business, that is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.
Consent – We may process your personal information where we have obtained your consent to the processing.
Contractual Necessity – We may process your personal information where such processing is necessary in connection with any contract that we have with you.
Legal Requirements – We may process your personal information where such processing is required by applicable law.
Your Rights as a European Union Resident or Other Data Subject
You have a number of rights concerning your personal information that we hold and use, including the following:
Right of Access– You have the right to be informed about what personal information we hold about you and to a copy of this personal information.
Right to Rectification – You have the right to have any inaccurate personal information which we hold about you updated or corrected.
Right to Erasure – In certain circumstances you may request that we delete the personal information that we hold about you.
Right to Complain – You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding the processing of your personal information to an applicable governmental or supervisory authority in your country.
Right to Withdraw Consent – Where processing of personal information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time.
Right to Object – Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, you have the right to object to such use and we are required to discontinue such processing unless we can demonstrate an overriding legitimate interest in such processing.
Right to Restriction – You have the right to request that we stop using your personal information in certain circumstances including if you believe that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or that our use of your personal information is unlawful. If you validly exercise this right, we will store your personal information and will not carry out any other processing until the issue is resolved.
You may exercise any of the above requests in writing to info@LTW.org. You are also free at any time to request that we stop using your personal information for marketing purposes by contacting info@LTW.org.