http://www.signindustry.com/privacy.php3
Home | Site Map | Buyer's Guide Search
Event Calendar
Article Archive
Message Boards
Classifieds
Product Showcases
News
Advertise
Search
Join Now
CATEGORIES
3-D Signs
ADA
Architectural
Awnings &  Flexible Face
Banners
Business Development
CNC Routing
Computer Technology
Digital Imaging
Dynamic Digital
Electric
Estimating
Finishing & Lams
Flatbed UV
Garment Decoration
Installation
LED Displays
LED Lighting
Neon & LED  Channel Letter
Outdoor
Painted Signs
Screen Printing
Sublimation
Vinyl Signs
Hot Shots
Press Releases
Tips & Tricks
Industry Resources
Books
Event Calendar
Associations
Business Center
Retail Sign Shops
Advertising Info
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Statement for SignIndustry.com
SignIndustry.com® has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: SignIndustry.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
We (at times) use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address).
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites.
SignIndustry.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses product request forms for customers to request information, products, and services for our advertisers.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address).
We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address).
We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Back-ups of the site are done continually in order to have copies of the site at all times.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. The choice to discontinue mailings from SignIndustry.com may affect whether we continue to display your company's FREE Buyer's Guide listing on the website.
You can send email to info@signindustry.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
2 North Bluford Ave. Ocoee, FL 34761
You can call the following telephone numbers: 407.656.5892
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email info@signindustry.com
send mail to the following postal address:
2 North Bluford Ave. Ocoee, FL 34761
call the following telephone numbers: 407.656.5892
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
Sean Scott
SignIndustry.com®
2 N. Bluford Ave
Ocoee, FL
34761
407.656.5892
407.656.0446 FAX
Company
Home
Advertising Info
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Resources
Industry Resources
Associations
Retail Sign Shops
Books
Product Showcase
Event Calendar
Tips & Tricks
Message Boards
Classifieds
Buyer's Guide Listings
Search
Add My Company
Edit My Company
© Copyright 1999-2020, All Rights Reserved.