https://www.samakowlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Law Offices of Paul A. Samakow, P.C., thanks you for visiting this web site. The Law Offices of Paul A. Samakow, P.C., is committed to protecting your privacy while providing you with a positive on-line experience. The Law Offices of Paul A. Samakow, P.C., respects your privacy, and we believe you have the right to know what information we collect, how we use it and what security measures we have taken to protect your information.
Collection and Use of Information
When you visit www.samakowlaw.com and use our Contact Form, certain information may be collected. Among the types of information that may be collected are:
Domain names of visitors to our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and additional information you provide in the form;
“Navigational information” regarding the traffic patterns of our site, including the number of visits to a particular page and user-specific information on which pages a guest visits, average length of time spent on the site and similar site usage data; and
Any information that you may choose to submit in connection with any e-mail messages, on-site surveys, registry programs, contests and the like.
The Law Offices of Paul A. Samakow, P.C., uses this information to help us develop and improve our site to better meet your needs. We may use your name or e-mail address to contact you or respond to your inquiries. We also use this information to help us diagnose technical issues relating to the performance of our website.
Providing Information to Outside Parties
The Law Offices of Paul A. Samakow, P.C., does not sell, trade, rent or otherwise provide your personal information to any outside parties.
Security
The Law Offices of Paul A. Samakow, P.C., makes every effort to protect the security of your personal information. Any personal information you provide will not be stored on our server. Any information collected by us is stored in private files behind a firewall designed to protect your information by denying unauthorized access by outside users.
Updates and Removing Your Name
If you do not wish to receive e-mails from The Law Offices of Paul A. Samakow, P.C., in the future please let us know by contacting us.
Follow Us On:
FollowFollow
Sign up for Paul’s weekly newsletter
Name*
First
Email*
CAPTCHA
IN VIRGINIA
Tyson's Corner, VA
8230 Old Courthouse Rd. #430
Vienna, VA 22182
Phone: 703-761-4343
DIRECTIONS
Baltimore, MD
3604 Eastern Avenue, 1st Floor,
Baltimore, MD 21224
Phone: 410-779-3585
DIRECTIONS
IN MARYLAND
Wheaton, MD
2730 University Blvd. #504
Wheaton, MD 20902
Phone: 301-949-1515
DIRECTIONS
WordPress Video Lightbox Plugin