http://www.schwimmerlegal.com/category/right-of-publicityprivacy
Skip to content
Lohan v Take-Two Interactive: Lindsay Lohan’s New York right of publicity suit against the publishers of Grand Theft Auto, arising from use of avatar Lohan asserted was a ‘portrait’ of her, dismissed by NY Court of Appeals: “.. . we conclude that the amended complaint was properly dismissed because the artistic renderings are indistinct, satirical […]
DJ Action re use of FAZE CLAN by FAZE CLAN video game organization against apparel manufacturer. It seems that there are leagues for video games, and ‘clans’ compete, and there are standings, and everything.
NFL player sues fantasy football provider FanDuel on Rights of Publicity, false association, unjust enrichment.  Competitor DraftKings, which is the target of a different type of class action along with FanDuel, has a deal with NFLPA. FanDuel does have a deal with hometown team, the Ravens.   FanDuel has apparently previously had deals with […]
This is interesting for a bunch of reasons. The San Francisco Forty-Niners sue a nightclub near its stadium, that promotes events that refer to the Niners or its players. See Exhibits Q, R and S in the second document below for ads the club distributes to promote, for example, birthday parties ‘in honor of’ specific […]
CMG and Estate of Marilyn Monroe continue their dispute over the rights to her rights of publicity, to the extent they exist. Background here. Two comments about the complaint. There’s a typo in paragraph 21, and if CMG had to list 8 famous celebrities it represents, I’m surprised Tommy John makes the list. Cmg v […]
Let me just channel the voice of an old cranky person first: the reason why the fact that Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino is a wealthy person is a bad thing, is that it sends the message to young people that you don’t actually have to work hard at math or science or some other useful […]
My friend Tom writes: Pepsi is running an ad with War’s “Why can’t we be friends?” War is suing them for 10M saying Pepsi didn’t secure the rights.  If you were going to steal a song, why would you steal from a group called War? Excellent point Tom, and love to Andi.  Although some articles […]
Dead celebrities have lobbied NY state senators to introduce S06790, a bill to amend NY civil rights law to add a 70 year post-mortem right to prevent the use of the persona of a deceased personality. The ghost of Marilyn Monroe may have been among the lobbyists, because Section 12 of the bill seems to […]
Jim Brown sued EA, publisher of Madden Football video game, re use of avatar that resembled Brown. Image was used in game but not in promotional material for game. Judge dismisses case on First Amendment grounds. Background on on-going disputes between atheltes and EA here. You can use TIGER WOODS and TONY TWIST as search […]
Boxers sue Electronic Arts over use of persona. Background here. Complaint Figheters v Ea
Posts navigation
1
2
3
…
7
Older posts