https://www.riverkeeper.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated 05/25/2018
We are committed to protecting your privacy. The policies below are applicable to Riverkeeper websites, including riverkeeper.org; all email newsletters published or distributed by Riverkeeper; and all other interactive features, services, and communications provided by Riverkeeper (“Sites”), however accessed and/or used, that are operated by us, made available by us, or produced and maintained by the Riverkeeper (collectively “Riverkeeper” or “we”, “us”, or “our”).
We have established this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to these Sites, why we gather your information, what we use your personal information for, when we might disclose your personal information, and how you can manage your personal information.
Online security
Our website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) security technology that encrypts links between our web server and the browsers of all visitors to our website, ensuring that all data passed to our web server from users’ browsers remains private. Riverkeeper encrypts credit card numbers, provides firewalls to protect our servers, and implements virus/intrusion detection software. However, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you provide your information at your own risk.
Information we collect:
We may collect Personal Information including name, email address, postal address, phone number, profile picture, social media ID, and similar contact information and credit card or other payment information.
Riverkeeper and our service providers may collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to:
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, become a member, sign up to support our organization, or make a donation.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, at any time, choose to opt out of receiving marketing-related emails by following the opt-out procedures at the bottom of our emails.
We may use third-party postal address, phone number, and email address products to provide accurate and updated contact information.
To send a message from our online action center to government officials and other decision-makers, you are required to identify yourself by name, address, email address, phone number or other personal information. Riverkeeper includes this information when we send your message. This is necessary for your message to be effective, and in the case of many government officials, it is required. Riverkeeper may also use this personal information to contact you with the latest alerts and progress reports. Please note that comments sent to federal agencies may be made available publicly, often via the web, and will sometimes include the full name and address of the person(s) submitting the comments.
Riverkeeper may also ask for your mobile number so that you can be kept up to date on breaking news and the latest actions. You can opt-out at any time by emailing membership@riverkeeper.org or replying to a text message with STOP.
How we use collected information:
To personalize your interactions with Riverkeeper, such as to customize your email content based on your interests, send you requests to participate events in your area and otherwise target content and communications to you.
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, or send you information about an event or project, as well as to provide membership services.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding our website and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To facilitate social sharing functionality.
For our internal purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our website, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our activities.
Riverkeeper does not sell or share our donors’ personal information with anyone else, nor do we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
If you would like to modify Personal Information you have previously provided us, please contact us at info@riverkeeper.org or you can login to modify your personal information directly.
Other information we may collect:
We use “cookies” to help us monitor traffic and collect information about use of the website. Cookies can help us see which parts of our website are popular and provide direction to improve our users’ online experience.
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We may use pixel tags and other similar technologies to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Sites, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about use of the Sites and response rates.
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
When you interact with any Riverkeeper property page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page or account including your account ID or “handle.” However, we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personal information that we are permitted to collect by these social media platforms.
If you choose to link or login to your Riverkeeper account with or through a social networking service, Riverkeeper and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. With your consent, we also may share information about your activities, including what you view on the Sites, with that social network’s users.
Links to Other Sites
The Riverkeeper website provides links to several other third-party websites. While we make efforts to choose our links carefully, we cannot take any responsibility for the content of linked websites, or for the privacy policies of websites we link to. Since we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third-party websites prior to any use.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We occasionally have third parties perform services on our behalf, such as data processing, marketing, analytics, advocacy and outreach, hosting, billing, social media integration, fraud protection, etc. These third parties have access to your personal information only as needed to perform their services for Riverkeeper and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information.
“Do Not Track” Signals
Our website does not respond to web browser “Do No Track” signals.
Children’s Policy
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection and with parent or guardian consent (for instance, in some of the educational areas on our Sites), Riverkeeper does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age you should not provide personally identifiable information to Riverkeeper without providing us with consent from your parents. If Riverkeeper discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information and we do not have parental consent, we will immediately delete that child’s information from the Sites.
Retention of User Information
Following termination or deactivation of your account, Riverkeeper or its service providers may retain information (including your profile information) and any submitted for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
Governing Law
These Sites are published in the United States. We attempt to protect the Personal Information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to the Riverkeeper services, but our Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you are accessing this website from a country in the European Union, please note that this website and the information contained in it is not provided for or directed to you.
Changes to this policy
Riverkeeper reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting to this site. We encourage you to check back regularly to ensure you understand our current privacy policies.
Stay in Touch and Up To Date
Site designed and developed by Social Ink