http://www.the-idler.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:DLR SEO Info ("DLR SEO Info") operates the-idler.com and may operate other websites. It is DLR SEO Info's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, DLR SEO Info collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. DLR SEO Info's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how DLR SEO Info's visitors use its website. From time to time, DLR SEO Info may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
DLR SEO Info also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on the-idler.com blogs/sites. DLR SEO Info only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to DLR SEO Info's websites choose to interact with DLR SEO Info in ways that require DLR SEO Info to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that DLR SEO Info gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at the-idler.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with DLR SEO Info are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, DLR SEO Info collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with DLR SEO Info. DLR SEO Info does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
DLR SEO Info may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. DLR SEO Info may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, DLR SEO Info does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
DLR SEO Info discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on DLR SEO Info's behalf or to provide services available at DLR SEO Info's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using DLR SEO Info's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. DLR SEO Info will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, DLR SEO Info discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when DLR SEO Info believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of DLR SEO Info, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an DLR SEO Info website and have supplied your email address, DLR SEO Info may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with DLR SEO Info and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. DLR SEO Info takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. DLR SEO Info uses cookies to help DLR SEO Info identify and track visitors, their usage of DLR SEO Info website, and their website access preferences. DLR SEO Info visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using DLR SEO Info's websites, with the drawback that certain features of DLR SEO Info's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If DLR SEO Info, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that DLR SEO Info goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of DLR SEO Info may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by DLR SEO Info and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, DLR SEO Info may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in DLR SEO Info's sole discretion. DLR SEO Info encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a the-idler.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Follow Us
Pinterest
Facebook
Recent Posts
A Guide to Optimizing Images for Your Website
Smart Guide to Increase Your Social Media Followers
3 Ways To Reach The Millenial Market
Why You Should Seek Digital Marketing Consultancy Services
Online Marketing: Strategies Best for Your Business
Guide on Improving an Online Business
Categories
Content Marketing
Online Business
SEO
Social Media
Uncategorized
Pages
Connect With Us
How to raise capital for start-ups
Our Team
Privacy Policy
Tos
Tagsbusiness
content
digital
Digital Marketing
Digital Marketing Consultancy
ecommerce
image optimization
influencer
london
market
marketing
millennials
online
online business
Online Marketing
photo optimization
seo
SEO Company
SEO Firm
social
strategies
twitterl media
ways