http://www.amiright.com/privacy.shtml
Making fun of music, one song at a time. Since the year 2000.
Check out the two amIright misheard lyrics books including one book devoted to misheard lyrics of the 1980s.
(Toggle Right Side Navigation)
Privacy Statement for Am I Right
Overview
amIright.Com has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Address Collection
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Cookies are used by our site for tracking the last date of your visit in order
to display only the most current messages you have not seen yet.
Outside Links
This site contains links to other sites.
amIright.Com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Form Submissions
This site makes use of forms on it's pages in order for users to comment on pages and suggest
information we may have missed. The name and email addresses are only used in order to
contact the person submitting the information in case there is a question about the subject matter.
We DO NOT share emails with our advertisers in any form.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
ChuckyG
amIright.Com
Contact Info
Site Navigation
+Misheard Lyrics
+Music Parody
+Music Trivia
+Real Lyrics
+Band Name Wordplay
+Song Name Wordplay
-Miscellaneous Sections
Latest Entries
About Us
amIright Radio Station
amIright Events
amIright Store
Articles
Artist Summaries
Funny Music News
Jokes
Latest Additions
Links
Messageboard
Music Poster Books
Press Info
Quotes
Top Contributors
Trivia Quizzes
WhatFreaks (For Adults)
*Complete Sitemap