http://www.wibf.org.uk/legal/privacy
Discover
Learn
Celebrate
Log in
We are a forward-looking membership organisation for finance and banking professionals looking to achieve their full career potential, helping to bolster female contribution to the industry along the way.
Join now
What we offer
Who we are
Individual membership
Institutional membership
Our locations
Our latest news
WIBF Jobs
Our events address the needs and aspirations of our institutional and personal members to develop, showcase and retain female talent and contribution. Join us and learn.
Join now
Events
Event archive
Mentoring
ACT Research Programme
Thoughts & opinions
Knowledge Hub
We recognise those leading the industry. We celebrate our members. Our annual awards ceremony is the most sought-after event of the year, offering our members and supporters the chance to honour achievement.
Join now
WIBFs 40for40
Awards
Archive
Nominate
Our Stories
Alumni
Your members area lets you update your account, shows your upcoming events, and interact with other WIBF members.
Join now
Log in
Forgotten your password?
Become a member
Your profile
Your Events
Edit your profile
Members directory
Privacy Policy
Women in Banking and Finance (WIBF) is committed to protecting the confidentiality and privacy of information provided to it, and complies with the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and the Data Protection Act 2018. This Privacy Statement explains what information we will collect about you and how we will use it. Whenever you provide us with personal data, you are consenting to its collection and use in accordance with this Privacy Statement, including our use of cookies as explained below.
Cookie Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Complaints Policy
PRIVACY POLICYWomen in Banking and Finance Limited, (company number 10982879) (WIBF) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data. We are a not for profit membership organisation. This policy forms part of our membership terms and conditions as well as part of the terms and conditions for use of and access to the Site at https://www.wibf.org.uk/ (the Site).
For the purposes of data protection legislation, we will be the “controller” of all personal data held in respect of this Policy.
We keep our privacy policy under review. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. You can contact us at any time. Please see the ‘contact us’ section below.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY
In this Policy:
• “personal data” means recorded information we hold about you from which you can be identified. It may include contact details, other personal information, photographs, expressions of opinion about you or indications as to our intentions about you; and
• “processing” means doing anything with personal data including collecting, using, storing, accessing, disclosing and destroying it.
We will collect and store personal data from you if you are a user of our Site or otherwise of our services, for example: if you are a member, a guest at an event, a member of a community, a member of the ‘speakers list’, you use our Site, or otherwise are a member or user of any other project, benefit or initiative that we may run from time to time.
We may collect, use and store your personal data (e.g. name, address, email address, employer, year of birth job title) where necessary in order to provide you with membership benefits, or services (including through WIBF Jobs, access to our communities and other projects), or to provide you with information about events, communities, projects, surveys, questionnaires, research panels, competitions, products or services that you request from us, or otherwise which we legitimately feel may interest you.
Some of our projects, communities and initiatives may require additional personal data specific to its’ purpose (for example, our ‘speakers list’).
We may use your data to provide you with information that is specific to your account with us, such as copies of receipts of purchases, registrations to events, notice that your membership is expiring or has been renewed, or our newsletter.
If you contact us, we will keep a record of that contact including your contact details and any relevant account information. We will log details of your interactions with us including transactions you carry out through the Site.
You may amend your subscription settings at any time by contacting us or unsubscribing using one of the links in an email you receive from us.
You may at any time request that we stop using your personal data for our direct marketing purposes.
DATA RETENTION
We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as:
• you have a live membership and for a reasonable period thereafter to allow you to review your membership;
• and/or any contracts you make with us are live (including your membership of, or participation in, a community, the ‘speakers list’ or other projects or initiatives that we may run) and for a reasonable period thereafter (at all times complying with the legislation and where relevant, the Market Research Society guidelines on data retention);
• and/or is necessary for us to use for our legitimate business interests;
• and/or is necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
• and/or you have indicated you are happy for us to do so.
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
COOKIES
Like most websites, the Site uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data or message that is sent from an organisation’s web server to your web browser and is then stored on your hard drive. Cookies can’t read data off your hard drive or cookie files created by other sites, and do not damage your system. You may refuse to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, doing so may affect your ability to access or use certain parts of the Site.
Our server logs requests for Site content. By analysing this information, we can identify which parts of the Site are popular and which are not, helping us to improve the Site. We also collect, use and share aggregated or anonymised data – see ‘disclosure of other data’, below.
You can find out more information about the cookies we use, and why, in our cookies policy.
TO WHOM MIGHT WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
As a full Member of WIBF, your name, and any other information you choose to share, will be visible to other members of WIBF through our membership directory, which is a benefit of membership. You can edit shared personal details in your membership directory at any time.
As a member of a community or project, you may also choose to share your personal details with other members of that community or project.
As a member of the ‘speakers list’, your profile will be visible to other members. We will also share your personal details when we advertise, or connect you with third parties who may wish to engage your services.
When you register with us as a member, guest, community member, member of our ‘speakers list’ or otherwise through a function on our Site or at an event, your personal data may be shared with:
• official partners of WIBF who provide services to us (such as the provider of our mentoring programme, the provider of the Jobs Board platform, or our Site host) for the purposes of delivering membership benefits and services to you or otherwise running our organisation; or
• third parties who we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or assets.
We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. Any personal data of members shared with our official partners will not be passed on to a third party.
Except as set out above, we will not disclose your personal information unless we are obliged to do so or allowed to do so, by law and we do not sell your personal data or otherwise provide it to third parties for their direct marketing use.
DISCLOSURE OF OTHER DATA
We also collect, use and share with third parties aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data, or other anonymised data obtained from you when you participate in research surveys, questionnaires or focus groups completed on our Site, or otherwise facilitated by us (Aggregated or Anonymised Data). Aggregated or Anonymised Data can be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
In some circumstances we may choose to share or sell Aggregated or Anonymised Data to a third party (such as Aggregated or Anonymised Data collected in connection with a research project).
THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Site may contain links to other websites, but this policy applies only to personal data collected via websites operated by WIBF and to how it processes personal data. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our Site and note that visitors leaving our Site should read the privacy policy of other sites that collect or use personal data.
PHOTOGRAPH POLICY
From time to time we may also display on our website and in our publications, photographs taken at our events. If you have any objections to this please contact us as soon as possible at operations@wibf.org.uk.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data, including:
• the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
• to correct your personal data we hold;
• to object to our use of your personal data;
• to have your personal data erased; and
• the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, you can contact us by telephone on 0845 835 2720 or by email to operations@wibf.org.uk.
I want to
Become a Member
Join us now
I want to
Network & learn
Events
I want to
DEVELOP MY CAREER
Job opportunities
I want to
PARTNER WITH WIBF
Institutional membership