http://www.divorce.co.uk/information/privacy
HomeInformationCurrent: Privacy policyPrivacy policy
Privacy policy
How we will use and share your personal data
This notice explains how Mills & Reeve LLP, 24 King William Street, London, EC4R 9AT will collect, use or otherwise process your personal data provided by you via our Divorce.co.uk website.
“Personal data” is information relating to you as a living, identifiable individual.
What information may we hold about you?
You can access most of the pages on our website without giving us your personal information. However, you may choose to provide us with your personal information on some pages of our website, for instance by completing an enquiry form or calling our phone line.
The types of personal data that we hold might include:
Contact details
Information about your job, background, financial circumstances and personal and family life which you may provide to help us assist you with your enquiry
Images captured by CCTV cameras at our offices should you arrange to meet with us
When you visit our website, our server will automatically record your IP address and the time and duration of your visit.
Where you provide personal data to us (including that of third parties e,g, your spouse or partner) as part of your enquiry allowing us to use that data and provide you with advice, you are responsible for ensuring that your disclosure of that data complies with the requirements of the data protection legislation. You have the sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality and legality of the personal data you provide to us.
The purposes and legal basis for processing your personal data
The primary legal basis for processing your personal data is to provide advice to you in relation to your enquiry with your consent. By contacting us via our enquiry form, sending us an email or speaking to one of our colleagues on the telephone, you consent to us processing your personal information as set out in this notice.
We will process your personal data to establish our ability to provide legal advice in accordance with regulatory and legal requirements as pre-steps to entering into a contract with you at your request.
In addition, processing of your personal data may be necessary for compliance with our legal and professional obligations to our clients and to third parties. This includes for example, our professional and contractual duties to our clients, the courts and our obligations to regulators.
Further, processing may be necessary in pursuit of our legitimate interests. We have legitimate interests in complying with our legal and professional obligations and in developing new systems or undertaking training and know-how sharing internally with relevant lawyers.
Special category personal data and details of criminal offences
Certain personal data is subject to additional safeguards under data protection legislation. Such information includes details of
your racial or ethnic origin;
your political opinions;
your religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature;
whether you are a member of a trade union;
your physical or mental health or condition;
your sexual life;
the commission or alleged commission by you of any offence, or
any proceedings for any offence committed or alleged to have been committed by you, the disposal of such proceedings or the sentence of any court in such proceedings.
It may be necessary for us to process some sensitive personal data in order to comply with legal or regulatory obligations (including making reasonable adjustments for clients with disabilities), or if we need to do so in order to seek confidential legal advice, or establish or defend legal claims.
Otherwise, we will only process your sensitive personal data with your explicit consent. If you voluntarily provide us with your sensitive personal data, we shall treat that as your explicit consent for us to hold that data, which otherwise shall only be processed in accordance with this notice. Where such data is processed by us on the basis of your explicit consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time: this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing based on your consent before you withdrew it.
The consequences if you decide not to provide your data
If you decide not to supply personal data that we have requested and as a result we are unable to comply with our professional, legal or regulatory obligations, then we may be unable to provide you with the requested advice or enter into a relevant contract with you.
Who will see or use your data and who might we share it with?
Your personal data may be seen or used by our partners and staff (whether lawyers or support staff) in the course of their duties or others lawfully working with us in the ordinary course of our business (for example, former staff or partners working with us on a consultancy basis).
We may need to share your data with relevant third parties for example other professional advisers, counter parties, witnesses, courts and tribunals in order to fulfil our legal and professional obligations, or to undertake searches about you (e.g. credit searches), or where you ask us to share your data.
We may also outsource some of our support services or engage consultants and others to support us (for example secretarial, marketing, courier, translation or IT services). In these cases relevant personal data would be provided to and processed by the provider of such services, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them and to the extent appropriate for the performance of that contract.
We might need to share or transfer your data confidentially with relevant parties and/or their professional advisers if there is a merger, acquisition, change of control, joint venture or other similar arrangement involving Mills & Reeve LLP.
Exceptionally we might need to share your personal information in order to obtain necessary confidential legal advice or to comply with our insurance, legal or regulatory obligations. For example, we may have to provide some or all of the information to our insurers, legal advisors, public authorities such as HMRC, or to a court/tribunal.
Transfer of your data to other countries
In the course of carrying out the activities referred to above we may transfer your data to other countries, which may not have the same legal protections for your data as the UK.
Where data is being transferred outside of the European Economic Area, we will take steps to ensure that your data is adequately protected in accordance with UK legal requirements. Where we are in a contractual relationship with the recipient, such protection will normally consist at minimum of appropriate contractual protections agreed between us and the recipient.
Otherwise for example we may transfer your data if it is necessary for performance of our contractual duties to you, or because we have other legal obligations to transfer the data, or it is necessary for important reasons of public interest. If you require further detail about the protections in connection with any particular relevant transfer, matter or jurisdiction please ask us.
How long will we keep your data?
We expect to retain details of your enquiry for 1 year. We are required to keep limited personal data of those individuals to whom we have provided legal advice to fulfil our legal and regulatory obligations and the retention of this is subject to our retention policies. This policy is reviewed periodically and the periods for storage specified in it may alter depending on the requirements of law and regulation, client expectations, best practice and insurance.
We may be obliged to suspend any planned destruction or deletion under our retention policy where legal or regulatory proceedings require it or where proceedings are underway such as require the data to be retained until those proceedings have finished.
Your rights over your data
You have the right to request copies of the personal data we hold about you. If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal data, you may contact us by post at Data Governance Manager, Mills & Reeve LLP, 78-84 Colmore Row, Birmingham B3 2AB, or by emailing datagovernance@mills-reeve.com.
You also have the right to ask for inaccuracies in your data to be corrected, and in certain circumstances for us to stop processing your data or for your data to be erased. Some of these rights are not automatic, and we reserve the right to discuss with you why we might not comply with a request from you to exercise them.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, the practices of this web site or your dealings with this web site, please use the following contact point: datagovernance@mills-reeve.com.
If you believe that we have not complied with any of our obligations under data protection laws in the UK, please let us know. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
How we can help you
Find out how we can help you or register for updates to stay up-to-date.
Contact us
Get updates
Share this page
0344 880 2666
Share this page
Search
Search
Mills & Reeve Sites navigation
A tabbed collection of Mills & Reeve sites.
Sites
Blogs
Charity legal update
Legal insights into the charity sector.
Divorce law blog
Legal blogs from our divorce lawyers.
Food and agribusiness blog
Legal insights into the food and agribusiness sector.
Fusion
Public and charity law news for the education sector.
Health and care update
Analysis and comment on legal, policy and commercial issues.
HR law live
Commentary on the latest legal and policy updates.
Life science law blog
Latest legal updates and policy decisions affecting the sector.
Practical completion
Legal insights into the construction and engineering sector.
Procurement portal blog
News and updates on issues related to public procurement.
Property matters
Updates on the latest legal news in real estate.
Sports score
Commentary relating to legal events in the sports industry.
Technology law update
Updates, opinions and the latest UK technology law news.
Websites
Cohabitation Law
Practical, legal advice for couples living together.
Innovation 50
Our ranking of the Midlands’ most forward-thinking companies.
Mills & Reeve main site
Details our services, sector expertise, lawyers and firm info.
Procurement Portal
Resources for those involved in purchasing for public bodies.
Divorce.co.uk
Help through marriage breakdown, separation and divorce.
Reevaldo
Follow the career of our Brazilian superstar footballer!
Top Tech 2020
Recognising innovative work in Yorkshire & the North West
General resources
Brexit
Articles from legal experts on the process and impact of Brexit.
Defying Gravity
Research on how businesses can perform in uncertain times.
Exciting Disruptors
Emerging trends affecting the real estate industry.
Health and care inquests - Resource library
Supporting you when dealing with health and care inquests.
Technology Hub
A wealth of valuable resources for technology businesses.
Social media
LinkedIn - Mills & Reeve firm page
Our LinkedIn page for Mills & Reeve.
LinkedIn Sports law group
A closed group for sports professionals.
Twitter - Exciting Disruptors
Our real estate lawyers identifying new trends in the industry.
Twitter - Family law and divorce
Our Mills & Reeve family and divorce lawyers on Twitter.
Twitter - Mills & Reeve Alumni
Our alumni Twitter account
for Mills & Reeve.
Twitter - Mills & Reeve firm account
Our main Twitter account for Mills & Reeve.
Twitter - Mills & Reeve Sports law
Our team of Mills & Reeve sport lawyers on Twitter.
Twitter - Mills & Reeve Technology
Our team of Mills & Reeve technology lawyers on Twitter.
Videos & podcasts
Divorce UK - Vimeo Channel
Our divorce advice videos on Vimeo.
Divorce UK - YouTube Channel
Videos covering divorce or separation.
Employment Law podcast
Listen here or access recordings through
the SoundCloud app.
Mills & Reeve YouTube Channel
Our videos can be found on Mills & Reeve's channel.
Staff
Staff login
Client resources
Collaborate
Access our data room facility and client collaboration platform.
dialogue - extranet
Free matter information, know-how and document repository.
Healthcare Resource Centre
Free briefings and links for health and care sector clients.
Terriers
Online Estate Terrier service.
Close
Home
Contact us
Our people
Our offices
Back
Our offices
Divorce lawyers in Birmingham
Divorce lawyers in Cambridge
Divorce lawyers in Leeds
Divorce lawyers in London
Divorce lawyers in Manchester
Divorce lawyers in Norwich
Getting a divorce
Back
Getting a divorce
Annulments
Religious divorce
International
Back
International
Finances after a foreign divorce
Jurisdiction
Avoiding court
Back
Avoiding court
Collaborative divorce
Family arbitration
Mediation
Negotiation
Private FDRs and Early Neutral Evaluation
Putting children first
Back
Putting children first
Child abduction
Court orders
Domestic abuse and children
Grandparents
Holidays abroad
Parenting coordination
Relocating with your children
Surrogacy and adoption
The welfare checklist
Unmarried couples
Back
Unmarried couples
Civil partnerships
Cohabitation agreements
Protecting you and your family
Businesses
Back
Businesses
Farms
Protecting family businesses
Your finances
Back
Your finances
Child maintenance
Costs & divorce
Family home
Hidden assets
Immediate financial concerns
Inheritance
Orders the court can make
Pensions
Pre nups and Post nups
Spousal maintenance
The court's approach
Third party issues
Trusts & divorce
Useful resources
Back
Useful resources
Divorce.co.uk blog
Family law vlogs
FAQs
Information about domestic abuse screening
Legal terms explained
Reported cases
Back
Reported cases
Importance of consent in fertility treatments
Financial impact of basing divorce on sole domicile
Child arrangements following move overseas
Dealing with inheritance on divorce
Parental order made in favour of separated unmarried intended parents
Transferring foreign children proceedings
Interim maintenance in international case
Media access to private hearings
Remarriage not enough to overturn settlement
Law reform to follow single parent surrogacy case
Challenging claims after a foreign divorce
Credit crunch not enough to overturn settlement
Law reform to follow landmark divorce case
Problems with consent in fertility treatments
Declarations of parentage and valid consents
Consent, fertility treatment and same-sex couples
Order moving a child overseas upheld
Ruling on disclosure of sensitive trust documents
Clarification of the appeals process
Useful links
Back
Useful links
Financial tools and resources
Support for you
Support for your children
Please accept our use of cookies.
We use cookies to help us understand how this website is used by our visitors, by continuing to use this site you are giving your consent to do this. Find out more.
Okay, got it
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Close overlay