https://www.rgj.com/story/news/politics/2019/07/10/sisolak-slams-illegal-nuclear-waste-delivery-doe-rick-perry-yucca-las-vegas-nevada/1697983001/
POLITICSSisolak slams Trump administration's latest 'illegal' nuclear waste shipment near VegasFirst-term governor says he learned about new radioactive shipments last weekJames DeHavenReno Gazette-JournalView Comments Gov. Steve Sisolak says the Trump administration has again illegally shipped classified radioactive material to Southern Nevada.Sisolak on Wednesday released a letter that accuses the U.S. Department of Energy of transporting and disposing of unapproved low-level radioactive waste at the Nevada National Security Site north of Las Vegas. The letter, sent last week to Energy Secretary Rick Perry, says Nevada was told on July 3 that deliveries received from a nuclear facility in Tennessee were actually mixed low-level waste that “may contain a reactive material.” Such waste is not approved for disposal at the Southern Nevada site, Sisolak said, though he claims new shipments of the material have been arriving monthly for the past 12 years.More:Cortez Masto wins fight to remove plutonium secretly shipped to Southern Nevada test siteRelated:Nevada cites US warnings in bid to block plutonium shipmentsThe first-term Democratic governor demanded that Perry immediately cut off deliveries until Nevada officials are allowed to independently inspect the spent nuclear material.“I was beyond disappointed to learn of problems related to shipments of low-level radioactive waste from the DOE’s Y-12 facility to Nevada,” Sisolak added in a Wednesday statement. “My office worked diligently with our state agencies and federal delegation to immediately compile questions and demand answers in a letter issued to Secretary Perry.”Sisolak said elected leaders told federal officials at an in-person Tuesday briefing that they would “do everything in the state’s power” to hold the federal agency accountable.“There shouldn’t be a single person who attended yesterday’s briefing who didn’t receive that message loud and clear,” he concluded.The Energy Department disputed many of Sisolak’s claims during Tuesday’s briefing, according to a statement from the governor’s office. Senior agency officials said the low-level waste shipments from Tennessee began in 2013 and ended in December 2018. They also said the agency had not yet determined whether the shipments contained more tightly regulated mixed low-level waste, much less any reactive materials.Sisolak’s office said it will require “additional supporting documentation” to vet those statements.U.S. Rep. Dina Titus, D-Nev., seemed equally wary of the agency's claims.“The level of incompetence at the Department of Energy is only matched by its dishonesty,” Titus said in a statement. “For decades, the DOE has been an untrustworthy partner and this latest round of illegal shipments is truly a new low."I’m grateful that Governor Sisolak continues to stand up for Nevada and refuses to let this violation of the law go unchallenged.”U.S. Sens. Jacky Rosen and Catherine Cortez Masto, both Democrats, pledged in a joint statement to take every action necessary to hold the Energy Department accountable for the shipments.U.S. Rep. Steven Horsford, D-Nev., said Perry should resign after he "repeatedly disrespected the people of Nevada."News of the mistakenly labeled waste arrives just two months after Cortez Masto declared victory in a tense, weeks-long fight to remove plutonium secretly shipped to the Silver State late last year.More:Cortez Masto wins fight to remove plutonium secretly shipped to Southern Nevada test siteCortez Masto in May said the federal agency agreed to start removing plutonium shipped to the Nevada National Security Site in 2021. In exchange, she agreed to lift her blockade on departmental appointees nominated by Perry.Nevada’s senior senator and other state leaders say they were given no notice of the plutonium delivery, which only came to light because the Energy Department decided to declassify it in court documents filed before a federal judge in Reno. That disclosure sparked a protracted court battle and an ongoing war of words between Nevada leaders and agency officials.  The Energy Department is expected to have the plutonium completely removed by 2026, according to a statement from Cortez Masto’s office. Future plutonium shipments destined for the Silver State will be diverted to the the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in New Mexico.James DeHaven is the politics reporter for the Reno Gazette Journal. He covers campaigns, the Nevada Legislature and everything in between. Support his work by subscribing to RGJ.com right here. View Comments