http://www.staasandhalsey.com/legal/
Contact Us Now
Submit
Call Us 202-434-1500
Menu
Print Page
LegalThe following is the disclaimer and terms and conditions of using Staas & Halsey LLP, hereinafter ("the Firm") web site at www.staasandhalsey.com.
This web site is intended for informational purposes only and not be construed as legal advice.  Please seek counsel for advice on any legal matter.
Attorney Client Relationship
The materials on this web site are intended for informational purposes only. The materials on this web site are not intended to be, nor should they be interpreted as, legal advice or opinion. The reader should not consider this information to be an invitation to an attorney client relationship, should not rely on information presented here for any purpose, and should always seek the legal advice of counsel in the appropriate jurisdiction. Transmission and receipt of the information in this web site and/or communication with the Firm via e-mail is not intended to solicit or create, and does not create, an attorney-client relationship between the Firm and any person or entity.
Transmission of Information
Electronic mail or other communications through this web site or otherwise to the Firm or any of its lawyers in connection with a matter for which we do not already represent you may not be treated as privileged or confidential. If you choose to contact us through this web site, you should be aware that any information transmitted electronically may not be secure.
Legal Warranty
The content of this web site contains general information and may not reflect current legal developments. Such content is designed only to give general information on the developments actually covered. It is not intended to be a comprehensive summary of recent developments in the law, treat exhaustively the subjects covered, provide legal advice or render a legal opinion. Since the law is constantly changing and since the law will vary based on different facts and circumstances, statements on this web site regarding the status of a given law or legal issue may not be current or applicable to your particular situation. You should not take any action based on the information in this web site.
Bar Membership
Although this web site may be viewed from any of the 50 United States of America and territories, as well as any country, the Firm primarily practices in the District of Columbia (Washington, D.C.), United States of America (U.S.). Lawyers named in the web site may not be authorized to practice law except in jurisdictions where the Firm maintains its Office in Washington D.C..
Links
This web site occasionally contains links to other web pages; however, the inclusion of such links does not constitute referrals or endorsements of the linked entities. Links to organizations and governmental agencies are provided as a convenience to our readers. The Firm does not endorse and is not responsible for any third-party content that may be accessed from its web site and does not recommend or endorse the use of any third-party's services. The links are to be accessed at the user's own risk, and the authors of this web site make no representations or warranties about the content of these links.
Liability
The Firm assumes no responsibility for computer viruses resulting from use of our web site. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall the Firm be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this web site, even if the Firm has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Firm and its partners, managers, employees, agents and the assigns of same, from and against any and all loss, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages and liabilities related to or associated with your use of the web site and any violation of these Terms and Conditions by you.
Jurisdiction
By accessing this site, you agree that any disputes or matters arising out of or related to your viewing or use of this site shall be governed under the laws of the District of Columbia without regard to the conflict of laws.
Changes
The Firm may change these terms and conditions at any time without written notice to users. The changes will become effective upon posting of the changes to the web site.
Last Update
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on September 1, 2012.
Recent Posts
Honoring Ruth Bader Ginsburg: An Intellectual Property Rights Champion
U.S. Supreme Court Year in Review
American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. v. Neapco Holdings LLC
View All
STAAS & HALSEY LLP
1201 New York Avenue, N.W.
7th Floor Washington, D.C. 20005
T. 202.434.1500 | F. 202.434.1501
View on Google Maps
Back to Top
Privacy Notification
This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. If you continue browsing the site, you are giving implied consent to the use of cookies and tracking on this website. See our Privacy Policy for details.
Accept