http://www.lubuto.org/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Resources
Who We Are
Who We Serve
What We Do
Our Impact
Partners
Donate
Back
Serving children during the pandemic
Digital resources
COVID-19 resources
Library book catalog
Online portal
Zambia Heritage Library
Women's History Museum Zambia
Voices of Lubuto
Inscribed books
Back
Who we are
Staff
Boards
News & Publications
Newsletter
Annual reports & financials
Back
Who we serve
Girls
Homeless & street children
Rural & isolated children
Out-of-school children
Deaf children
Children affected by AIDS
Young mothers
Babies & young children
Children with disabilities
Communities & families
Back
What We Do
Model Programs
Collections & Learning Resources
Libraries
Capacity Building
Back
Our impact
By the numbers
Stories
Voices of Lubuto
Back
Partners
DREAMS
ASHA
ViiV
Community Partnerships
Lubuto Library Partners Privacy PolicyLubuto Library Partners respects and values your privacy. The following constitutes the Lubuto Library Partners' Online Privacy Policy for the collection, protection and use of the personal and private information we receive from donors and visitors to this website.Personal InformationLubuto Library Partners collects personal information upon a visitor's request to subscribe to our newsletters and announcements. Lubuto Library Partners also collects personal information about donors in connection with their donation. Lubuto Library Partners will NOT sell, rent or trade this information to a third party, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.Email UpdatesLubuto Library Partners provides email updates to keep interested visitors to our website informed of developments and events related to our organization. In order to receive these updates you must provide Lubuto Library Partners with your name and email address. This information will be held in complete confidence, and Lubuto Library Partners will NOT sell, rent, trade or otherwise reveal this information to a third party. You will be given the option to remove your name from our email list at the bottom of each email update.Online DonationsYour online donations are safe and secure. Lubuto Library Partners uses industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and the security of your transaction during transmission. Donations made through our website are in compliance with PCI data security standards.  We do not store or retain your credit/debit card information after the transaction is processed.All online transactions will be confirmed by a follow-up email.Lubuto Library Partners' goal is to forge a long-term partnership with you, and we value and appreciate the trust that accompanies your online donation. If you donate online, Lubuto Library Partners will never sell, rent or trade this information to a third party.CookiesLubuto Library Partners currently uses cookies. A "cookie" is a parcel of text sent by a server to your web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server. Lubuto Library Partners uses cookies for authenticating, tracking and maintaining specific information about users, such as site preferences. You may choose to configure your browser to accept or reject cookies or notify you when you enter a website that utilizes cookie technology. You may not have access to some or all of the features of Lubuto Library Partners' website if you configure your browser to reject cookies.Links to other websitesPlease be aware that Lubuto Library Partners may provide links to third party websites from our site as a service to our users and we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those sites. We have no ability to control the privacy and data collection practices of such sites and the privacy policies of such sites may differ from that of Lubuto Library Partners. Therefore, we encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of such sites before providing them with any information.ChildrenLubuto Library Partners does not intend, and this website - or any part of this website - is NOT designed to collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If you are under 18 years old, you should not provide personal information on our website or use this site without the supervision or authorization of an adult.In addition, please note that children under the age of 18 may not make donations on this website without parental consent.Privacy policy is subject to changeLubuto Library Partners is committed to the privacy of donors and visitors to this website. The laws, regulations and policies surrounding internet commerce are constantly changing. In order to adapt to changing circumstances, Lubuto Library Partners reserves the right to change and update this policy. Lubuto Library Partners may also make changes to the way in which visitor information is collected.  If there are material changes to this Online Privacy Policy or in how Lubuto Library Partners will use your personal information, we will prominently post and email such changes prior to implementing them. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to be informed of how Lubuto Library Partners is protecting your information.Contact Lubuto Library PartnersThank you for your interest in Lubuto Library Partners and our privacy policy. If you would like more information about the options discussed herein or simply have questions, please feel free to contact us via email at lubuto@verizon.net or call +1 202-558-5609.