http://www.hereinreality.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Statement
This is the web site of Here in Reality.com.
Privacy and anonymity are of the utmost
importance at Here in
Reality.com.  For each visitor to our Web page, our Web
server recognizes only the consumer's IP address, but not the e-mail
address or any personally identifiable information.
The email addresses we do collect are
from those who communicate with us via e-mail.  Those addresses, which are used only for
correspondence, are periodically destroyed
(with the exception of emails sent to us that are harassing and
intimidating).
Our Tell-a-Friend Service is provided
by Tafmaster.
They do not share with us the personally identifiable information that
they collect from our visitors.  Their privacy policy can be found
at
http://tafmaster-a.focalex.com/privacy/
We never NEVER sell or share
the email addresses submitted to this website
under any circumstances, or provide them to any organization or third
party.
With respect to cookies:
Some of our pages use simple cookies to ensure that visitors are not
repeatedly sent the same banner ads. Cookies are set on the funny
pictures sites to prevent users from having to log in
repeatedly.
With respect to Ad Servers:
In order to support the cost of running this website and to try and
bring you attractive ads that are of interest to you, we allow
third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous
information when you visit our web site. These companies may use
non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information,
browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or
scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order
to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of
greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third
party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this
behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of
advertising, you can visit
www.networkadvertising.org.For
further information, consult the privacy policies of:
www.google.com/privacy.html
www.amazon.com/exec/
www.cj.com/privacy.jsp
www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml
In Addition:
The free email service
we offer to our Here in Reality visitors is kindly provided by a
company called Everyone.net.
They handle all details of "Here in Reality Mail" as a nice
service to us, including abuse complaints.
We have
no access to the information belonging to visitors who sign
up for this free email service.
Everyone.net's  privacy
policy can be found here:
www.everyone.net/main/html/p_policy.html
If you feel that this site is not
following its stated information policy, you may contact us via e-mail at hir@**remove
this**hereinreality.com
Please feel free to share any concerns.
Peace!