http://www.cccj.ca/privacy-policy/
EN | FR
Sign in
Skip to Content
Contrast
Sign in
About Us
Our Story
Diversity Defined
Our People
Team
Associates
Presenters
Partners
Employers
Individuals
Careers
Our Work
Solutions
Reports
Resources
Success Stories
Toolkits
Professional Development
CCIP
CCIP Governance
CCIP FAQ
CCIP Registry
Centennial Certificate
Diversity Nexus
Virtual Instructor-Led Training
Campaigns & Initiatives
See Different
Don’t let a barrier be a bully
Mayagwe
Free To Be
Diversity Data Analytics
Diversity Census Tool
Diversity by the Numbers
Consulting
Assessment and coaching
Community Growth
Equity Growth
Leadership Growth
Workforce Growth
Workplace Growth
Measurement and Analytics
Culture Meter
Diversity Meter
Maturity Meter
Learning & Development
Learning Solutions
Advancement Solutions
eLearning
Research
D&I Study
Beyond citations
Events
Event Calendar
Awards of Success
UnConference
Webinars
Community of Practice
News & Media
Newsletters
Media Centre
CCDI Blog
Podcast
Donate
Contact
Contact CCDI
Subscribe
Privacy policy
Home /
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how the Canadian Centre for Diversity and Inclusion (CCDI) uses and protects any information that you give CCDI when you use this website.
CCDI is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
CCDI may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from September 6, 2013.
What we collectWe may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postal code, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We will never sell your information.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Should you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.
Mailing List
Subscribe
Contact Us
Contact CCDI
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
|				Terms & Conditions
|				Site Map
© 2020 Canadian Centre for Diversity and Inclusion. All Rights Reserved