http://www.gtclawgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
GTC LAW GROUP PC & AFFILIATES
PRIVACY POLICY
Date Last Revised: April 30, 2020
Please review this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to learn more about how GTC Law Group PC & Affiliates (“GTC”, “we” or “us”) may collect and process personal information. Our affiliates are identified in Section 16.
By accessing or using the website gtclawgroup.com and any other websites, data rooms, file sharing platforms or mobile applications owned or operated by GTC (collectively, the “Site”) or otherwise communicating with GTC (in any manner, by mail, phone, email, text or another manner), you consent to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Please read them both carefully.
For GTC clients, this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use are in addition to the terms and conditions of any engagement letter or other agreement between you and GTC and does not limit your rights or remedies under such letter or agreement.
Quick Links:
Collection and use of information
Sharing and transfer of information
Cookies and similar technologies
Cross-device tracking
Choices and opt-out
Children
Data security and integrity
Data retention
Links to other sites
California privacy rights
Canadian residents
European residents
Telephone Consumer Protection Act
Questions and comments
Disputes and class action waiver
Affiliates
Updates and changes
Our privacy and data protection practices and policies may vary to the extent required by the applicable law of each state, country or region in which a data subject resides or which otherwise has jurisdiction over GTC with respect to such data (for example under regulations for particular types of data, sources of data or processing of data).
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
We may collect various types of information from visitors to our Site and from clients and other third parties authorized or directed to communicate with us in connection with our provision of legal services, some of which may be considered personal information under applicable law, including:
Name
Email address
Physical address
Phone number
Fax number
IP address or device ID
Payment or financial information for billing purposes or in order to process a payment
Tax information for purposes of payment of taxes
Communication preferences
Other similar personal and business demographic or contact information
We may also collect information, including personal information (which is information that identifies you or that is associated with you), in the following situations:
Registering for or Attending Events. If you register for or attend events sponsored by GTC, we may use the information you provide to us to contact you regarding the event. We may also inform you about future events or otherwise market our services to you.
Signing up for news alerts and newsletters. You may be able to sign up to receive newsletters and other publications from GTC. When you provide your email address or other contact information to GTC, we may send you legal alerts and newsletters or otherwise market our services to you.
Applying to work for us. If you apply to work for us, we may use the information you provide in connection with processing your application.
Contacting or Communicating with us. If you contact or communicate with us (in any form, mail, phone, email, text or otherwise), we may use the information you provide to respond to you and engage in further communications.
Other information. In addition, we may collect other information you provide to us or that we receive from clients or third parties in connection with our provision of legal services or from third parties such as employers, public data bases, social media and other third parties.
We collect such information in order to communicate with Site visitors, provide legal services, operate, maintain and enhance the Site, market our services and fulfill specific requests.
We do not generally collect “sensitive” personal information (such as personal information regarding a person’s race, ethnicity, political beliefs, trade union membership, religious or similar beliefs, physical or mental health, sexual life or criminal record).  However, we may do so when appropriate for our clients or third parties involved in a matter we are handling, when the relevant individuals voluntarily provide us with this information or when such information is permitted to be collected under applicable law in connection with our provision of legal services.
SHARING AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Client and matter information is shared across our integrated computer networks for GTC. We may also share personal information with unaffiliated third parties for our legitimate professional and business needs, as required or permitted by applicable law or professional standards, and in connection with audits, to investigate or respond to a complaint or security threat or otherwise with appropriate consent or as permitted under applicable law. We may disclose personal information in order to respond to lawful requests of government, regulatory or law enforcement agencies, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or where disclosure is required by or appropriate under applicable laws, orders, or government regulations.
In addition, your personal information may be shared in connection with the evaluation, negotiation or consummation of any transaction in which GTC sells, assigns or transfers all or any portion of its business or assets, by merger or other transaction, to a third party.
International Transfers. Information may be transferred to other countries where GTC and its agents, representatives, advisors, vendors and contractors are located. GTC may also store personal information in a jurisdiction other than where you reside and such jurisdiction may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your country of residence.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We may use cookies, Site use details, IP addresses and similar technologies to learn about our visitors’ interests, operate and improve our Site and simplify our interactions with you. A “cookie” is a unique numeric code that we transfer to your computer so that we can keep track of your interests and/or preferences and recognize you as a return visitor. We may use cookies, log files, pixel tags, web bugs, web beacons, clear GIFs, Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash or other similar technologies to collect information about the ways you interact with and use our Site, support and enhance features and functionality, monitor performance, personalize content and experiences, as well as for marketing and analytics and other lawful purposes.
We may use the following types of cookies and similar technologies:
Strictly necessary cookies required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas.
Analytical/performance cookies that collect information about how you use our Site. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website. This helps us to improve the way our website works. These cookies are sometimes placed by third party providers of web traffic analysis services.
Functionality cookies that remember choices you make and recognize you when you return. This enables us to personalize our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies that collect information about your browsing habits such as the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We currently do not use such Targeting cookies but if we enhance the features or functionality of the Site in the future we may do so to make our Site more relevant to your interests.
Most internet browsers accept cookies by default. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to reject all or some cookies. The help and support area on your internet browser should have instructions on how to block or delete cookies. Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you to when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all of the features available through our Site. Our Site may not recognize if your browser sends a “do not track” signal or similar mechanism to indicate you do not wish to be tracked or receive interest-based ads.
For more information, visit the help page for your web browser or see http://www.allaboutcookies.org or visit www.youronlinechoices.com which has further information about behavioral advertising and online privacy.
We may use third party analytics such as Google Analytics or similar analytics services. For information on how Google processes and collects your information regarding Google Analytics and how you can opt-out, please see https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
CROSS-DEVICE TRACKING
We may receive information about the device you use to access the Site, including a unique identifier for your device. We and our service providers and third parties we collaborate with may use cross-device/cross-context tracking. For example, you might use multiple browsers on a single device or use various devices (such as desktops, smartphones, and tablets), which can result in your having multiple accounts or profiles across these various contexts and devices. Cross-device/cross-context technology may be used to connect these various accounts or profiles and the corresponding data from the different contexts and devices.
CHOICES AND OPT-OUT
If you would like us to update your contact information or preferences or to be removed from our mailing lists, please email us at gtclawgroup@gtclawgroup.com and type “Opt-Out” on the subject line.
CHILDREN
GTC understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. The Site and our legal services are not designed for or directed at anyone under the age of eighteen (18) years old. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18, except as part of an engagement to provide legal services and then only with consent of the parent or guardian or as otherwise permitted under applicable law. If you believe that a child under 13 years old (or under 16 years old for a European resident) has provided GTC with personally identifiable information, please contact us at gtclawgroup@gtclawgroup.com.
DATA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of personal information against unauthorized access, loss, use, disclosure or alteration by third parties. We seek to limit access to personal information to those who have a need to know and have appropriate confidentiality obligations in place. Despite our efforts, security of your personal information cannot be guaranteed.
DATA RETENTION
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may retain personal information for as long as the information is needed to facilitate our professional legal services, comply with our obligations (including to clients), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, comply with an individual’s request, facilitate marketing or analytics or for as long as is reasonably necessary for other lawful purposes. We may retain some information for a longer period of time if required under applicable laws or regulations.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Please be aware that our Site may contain links to other websites. These websites are independent from our Site and their information collection practices may be different from ours. We have no control over the information collected by or submitted to third parties who own or operate such websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of each website you visit before disclosing any personal information. We are not responsible for the content of these websites or for any information, privacy or other practices of such third parties.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents should read our California Supplemental Privacy Notice https://gtclawgroup.com/privacy-policy-california/ in conjunction with this Privacy Policy. The California Supplemental Privacy Notice for California residents explains GTC’s commitment to comply with California law and applies to personal information of California residents collected in connection with the Site.
CANADIAN RESIDENTS
Canadian residents may have additional rights under Canadian law.
You, and we, confirm that it is our wish that this document and all other related documents be drawn up in English. Tous les parties reconnaissent avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais du présent document ainsi que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent.
EUROPEAN RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of Europe or otherwise entitled to such rights under applicable law, you may have additional rights under applicable law related to the “Processing” of your “Personal Data” as such terms are defined below or otherwise under applicable law:
“Personal Data” means “any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person     who can be Identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of such natural person” or as otherwise defined under applicable law; and
“Processing” means “any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction” or as otherwise defined under applicable law.
Purposes and Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data.
GTC Processes data for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, including as explained in the “Collection and use of information” and “Sharing and transfer of information” sections. To fulfill these purposes, GTC may Process data, including Personal Data, to provide legal services, to operate the Site, to correct and address technical or service problems or in response to contractual requirements. Please see our GTC Privacy Policy “Collection and use of information” and “Data retention” sections for additional details on how we Process Personal Data, about individuals or in connection with matters we are handling for clients.
Our legal bases for the processing of Personal Data are consent and any other applicable legal bases, such as contractual necessity and our legitimate interest in engaging in commerce, supporting internal business functions, offering, providing and billing for legal services, preventing fraud, ensuring information and network security, marketing and advertising, and complying with industry practices and professional standards.
Additional Rights for European Residents. If you are a resident of Europe or otherwise entitled to such additional rights under applicable law, you may have one or more of the following additional rights under applicable law:
Access. To request a copy of Personal Data we have collected about you by contacting us.
Rectification & Erasure. To request that we rectify or delete any Personal Data we have collected about you that is incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated.
Objection. To object, at any time, to Personal Data we have collected about you being Processed for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing. To request restriction of Processing of Personal Data we have collected about you for certain reasons, such as, for example, if you consider such Personal Data to be inaccurate or you have objected to the Processing and the existence of legitimate grounds for Processing is still under consideration.
Data Portability. To request to receive Personal Data we have collected about you in a commonly-used and machine-readable form.
Right to Withdraw Consent. If Personal Data we have collected about you is processed solely based on your consent and not for any other legitimate interest, to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of our Processing based on such consent before it was withdrawn, including processing related to existing contracts for our products and services.
Right to Lodge a Complaint with a DPA. If you believe our Processing of Personal Data we have collected about you is inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory data protection authority (“DPA”).
To exercise any of the above listed rights, please contact us as set forth below and provide sufficient details so that we can respond appropriately. We will process any requests in accordance with applicable law. We may need to verify the identity of the individual submitting a request before we can address such request. Also, we may have confidentiality or contractual obligations to our clients that may prevent us from sharing, deleting or restricting our Processing of certain information without their consent.
Questions and Complaints. You may direct any questions or complaints to our Data Protection Contact listed below.
TELEPHONE CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT
You agree that GTC may use your information to make business, informational and collections calls relating to the legal services that we provide to all telephone numbers, including cellular numbers or mobile devices, you provide to GTC. You agree such calls may be pre-recorded messages or placed with an automatic telephone dialing system. In addition, you agree that GTC may send non-marketing service or account related text messages to cellular phone numbers you provide to GTC, and you agree to accept and pay all carrier message and data rates that apply to such text messages. If you provide an e-mail or other electronic address to GTC, you acknowledge and consent to receive business and informational messages from GTC at such address, including collections messages, and you represent and warrant that such address is your private address and is not accessible or viewable by any other person.
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS – DATA PROTECTION CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our collection, use, sharing or storage of information, please contact us by e-mail at gtclawgroup@gtclawgroup.com or writing us at:
Chief Privacy Officer
GTC Law Group PC & Affiliates
One University Ave., Ste. 302B
Westwood, MA, 02090
Please include sufficient information so we can respond appropriately to your request.
DISPUTES
The following provisions apply to the extent permitted by applicable law.
The Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any conflicts of law rules.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE TERMS OF USE, THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AGAINST GTC OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy or your use of the Site, including, but not limited to, the arbitrability of the matter or the enforceability, interpretation, scope, applicability, termination or breach of the Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, shall be referred to and finally determined by arbitration in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures or JAMS International Arbitration Rules, if the matter is deemed “international” within the meaning of that term as defined in the JAMS International Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS before a sole arbitrator in Boston, Massachusetts. If the JAMS International Arbitration Rules apply, the language to be used in the arbitral proceedings will be English. Judgment upon the arbitral award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. This section shall apply to, and require arbitration of, all disputes, controversies and claims, regardless of whether such disputes, controversies or claims concern a single individual, entity or other person, multiple individuals, entities or other people or classes of individuals, entities or other people. You hereby consent to receive service of process by electronic means or social media to the extent allowed by the applicable federal or state court. This constitutes consent in writing as contemplated in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 5(b)(2)(E) and any applicable state (or other jurisdiction) equivalent.
To the extent that the arbitration provision above is, for any reason, not enforceable, you agree that any dispute or claim relating to or arising out of the Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy or your use of the Site shall be resolved in the state or federal courts, as applicable, located in the City of Boston or Suffolk County, Massachusetts.
AFFILIATES
GTC Law Professional Corporation, a Canadian corporation
UPDATES AND CHANGES
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified Privacy Policy on our Site. Continued use of the Site or our legal services or communications with us after any such modification has been posted shall, to the extent permitted under applicable law, constitute your acceptance of any such modified Privacy Policy. You can see when the Privacy Policy has changed by checking the date of the latest revision, which is stated at the top of this Privacy Policy.