http://www.jewishworldreview.com/privacy.php3
Jonathan Tobin: Defending the Right to a Jewish State
Heather Hale: Compliment your kids without giving them big heads
Megan Shauri: 10 ways you are ruining your own happiness
Carolyn Bigda: 8 Best Dividend Stocks for 2015
Kiplinger's Personal Finance editors: 7 Things You Didn't Know About Paying Off Student Loans
Samantha Olson: The Crucial Mistake 55% Of Parents Are Making At Their Baby's Bedtime
Densie Well, Ph.D., R.D. Open your eyes to yellow vegetables
The Kosher Gourmet by Megan Gordon With its colorful cache of purples and oranges and reds, COLLARD GREEN SLAW is a marvelous mood booster --- not to mention just downright delish
April 18, 2014
Rabbi Yonason Goldson: Clarifying one of the greatest philosophical conundrums in theology
Caroline B. Glick: The disappearance of US will
Megan Wallgren: 10 things I've learned from my teenagers
Lizette Borreli: Green Tea Boosts Brain Power, May Help Treat Dementia
John Ericson: Trying hard to be 'positive' but never succeeding? Blame Your Brain
The Kosher Gourmet by
Julie Rothman Almondy, flourless torta del re (Italian king's cake), has royal roots, is simple to make, . . . but devour it because it's simply delicious
April 14, 2014
Rabbi Dr Naftali Brawer: Passover frees us from the tyranny of time
Greg Crosby: Passing Over Religion
Eric Schulzke: First degree: How America really recovered from a murder epidemic
Georgia Lee: When love is not enough: Teaching your kids about the realities of adult relationships
Cameron Huddleston: Freebies for Your Lawn and Garden
Gordon Pape: How you can tell if your financial adviser is setting you up for potential ruin
Dana Dovey: Up to 500,000 people die each year from hepatitis C-related liver disease. New Treatment Has Over 90% Success Rate
Justin Caba: Eating Watermelon Can Help Control High Blood Pressure
The Kosher Gourmet by Joshua E. London and Lou Marmon Don't dare pass over these Pesach picks for Manischewitz!
April 11, 2014
Rabbi Hillel Goldberg: Silence is much more than golden
Caroline B. Glick: Forgetting freedom at Passover
Susan Swann: How to value a child for who he is, not just what he does
Cameron Huddleston: 7 Financial Tasks You Should Tackle Right Now
Sandra Block and Lisa Gerstner: How to Profit From Your Passion
Susan Scutti: A Simple Blood Test Might Soon Diagnose Cancer
Chris Weller: Have A Slow Metabolism? Let Science Speed It Up For You
The Kosher Gourmet by Diane Rossen Worthington Whitefish Terrine: A French take on gefilte fish
April 9, 2014
Jonathan Tobin: Why Did Kerry Lie About Israeli Blame?
Samuel G. Freedman: A resolution 70 years later for a father's unsettling legacy of ashes from Dachau
Jessica Ivins: A resolution 70 years later for a father's unsettling legacy of ashes from Dachau
Kim Giles: Asking for help is not weakness
Kathy Kristof and Barbara Hoch Marcus: 7 Great Growth Israeli Stocks
Matthew Mientka: How Beans, Peas, And Chickpeas Cleanse Bad Cholesterol and Lowers Risk of Heart Disease
Sabrina Bachai: 5 At-Home Treatments For Headaches
Baby charged with attempted murder
The Kosher Gourmet by Daniel Neman Have yourself a matzo ball: The secrets bubby never told you and recipes she could have never imagined
April 8, 2014
Hitler's Jewish wife? Mass murderer's mate would have made both deserving of death under Nazi law
Lori Nawyn:
At Your Wit's End and Back: Finding Peace
Susan B. Garland and Rachel L. Sheedy:
Strategies Married Couples Can Use to Boost Benefits
David Muhlbaum:
Smart Tax Deductions Non-Itemizers Can Claim
Jill Weisenberger, M.S., R.D.N., C.D.E :
Before You Lose Your Mental Edge
Dana Dovey: Coffee Drinkers Rejoice! Your Cup Of Joe Can Prevent Death From Liver Disease
Chris Weller: Electric 'Thinking Cap' Puts Your Brain Power Into High Gear
From the Grave, Wife Captures Time, Love in a Bottle (2 minutes)
The Kosher Gourmet by Marlene Parrish A gift of hazelnuts keeps giving --- for a variety of nutty recipes: Entree, side, soup, dessert
April 4, 2014
Rabbi David Gutterman: The Word for Nothing Means Everything
Charles Krauthammer:
Kerry's folly, Chapter 3
Amy Peterson: A life of love: How to build lasting relationships with your children
John Ericson:
Older Women: Save Your Heart, Prevent Stroke Don't Drink Diet
John Ericson: Why 50 million Americans will still have spring allergies after taking meds
Cameron Huddleston: Best and Worst Buys of April 2014
Stacy Rapacon: Great Mutual Funds for Young Investors
Sarah Boesveld: Teacher keeps promise to mail thousands of former students letters written by their past selves
The Kosher Gourmet by Sharon Thompson Anyone can make a salad, you say. But can they make a great salad? (SECRETS, TESTED TECHNIQUES + 4 RECIPES, INCLUDING DRESSINGS)
April 2, 2014
Paul Greenberg: Death and joy in the spring
Dan Barry:
Should South Carolina Jews be forced to maintain this chimney built by Germans serving the Nazis?
Mayra Bitsko: Save me! An alien took over my child's personality
Frank Clayton:
Get happy: 20 scientifically proven happiness activities
Susan Scutti: It's Genetic! Obesity and the 'Carb Breakdown' Gene
Lecia Bushak: Why Hand Sanitizer May Actually Harm Your Health
Stacy Rapacon: Great Funds You Can Own for $500 or Less
Cameron Huddleston: 7 Ways to Save on Home Decor
The Kosher Gourmet by Steve Petusevsky Exploring ingredients as edible-stuffed containers (TWO RECIPES + TIPS & TECHINQUES)
Jewish World Review
JWR PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
JEWISHWORLDREVIEW.COM ("the Site") respects the privacy of our users and members. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information that we collect and the uses that we make of that information. we provide this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by or services and which includes any online or mobile websites or digital services owned, operated or offered by, on behalf of, or in conjunction our services, including any online or mobile website, application or digital service installation through which this Privacy Policy appears (each a "Service," collectively the "Services"). "Users" are persons that use the Services.
We wish to protect every users privacy. If you are an EU citizen please read this policy carefully and use our site and services only if you agree to all terms and to the collection and use of private information.
•
Information We Collect:
The Site gathers personal and general demographic information about users who provide said information willingly during registration as members to our site. When registering on this site, you may be asked to provide your name, e-mail address, zip code, country and other demographic information. We receive both information that is directly provided to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit the Services, and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of this as the "Information".
We, and 3rd parties who include (but not limited to: third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and distribution or other partners may use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your computer or other device used to access our Services. types of automatically collected information may include (but not limited to): network or Internet protocol address (IP address) and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, browser settings, the web pages of the Services you have visited, Services visited before and after you visit a Service Geo location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.
You may with our content, on or through social media services or other third party platforms, such as Facebook, or other third-party social media plug-ins, integrations and applications. When you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain Information in your profile. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account user files, like photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or "likes." For a description on how social media services and other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
•
Use of Your Information:
We may use your personal identifying information in a number of ways related to your use of our site. We may, from time to time, use your personal identifying information in connection with sending you specific, targeted information or advertising that may be of interest to you. We may use your contact information, such as your e-mail address, to send you our newsletter and periodic special promotions.
Some examples of use of data include (but are not limited to)
provide and communicate with you about the Services or your account with us,
fulfill your requests regarding the Services, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications,
respond to your inquiries, and notify you if you have won a contest,
communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you,
enforce the legal terms (including without limitation our policies and terms of service) that govern your use of our Services, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the Information,
provide technical support for the Services,
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through the Services,
protect the safety of our Users,
customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of the Services or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or services, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them,
perform analysis regarding how you use the Services or any part thereof,
We may use any information you provide in order to investigate, or assist any authority in investigating, suspicion of illegal activity or acts on the JEWISHWORLDREVIEW website or on any of the site's services including but not limited to the JEWISHWORLDREVIEW.COM Chat room, forums and pen pals sections.
Promotions and contests that run on The Site may be sponsored, in whole or in part, by companies other than The Site. Data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor.
As a registered user, you may opt out of receiving emails and special offers, promotions or mailings at any time. Only those registered users who have not opted out of receiving such communications will receive such emails. We may transfer some or all of your Information if we, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets
•
Cookies:
We make use of "cookies," which are small sets of information stored onto your computer in connection with your use of our web site. We use cookies to store temporary individual user information concerning your use of this site and your user identification. We may also use information gathered by cookies for editorial purposes, marketing and adverting purposes, to measure certain traffic patterns on our web site or for similar purposes. We do not control and are not responsible for the use of cookies or other identifiers by anyone except our site.
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of the Services may be difficult to use or inoperable.
•
Disabling Cookies: If you wish to disable cookies you may do so through your web browser options. Instructions for doing so and for other cookie-related management can be found on the specific web browsers' websites. Alternatively, you may use the resources located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices to opt out
We may work third-party companies that use techniques other than HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques.
At this time we may not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions
•
E-Mail:
Using the e-mail addresses provided during registrations, surveys, and contests, we may, periodically, send promotional e-mail to our subscribers about services offered by us, and by carefully selected advertisers. If you do not wish to receive solicitations sent on behalf of third parties, you may unsubscribe at any time.
Access to certain personal Information that is collected by us and that we maintain may be available to you. For example, if you provided us your email and other information, you can access that account to review the Information you provided.
You may also send an e-mail to Support@thejmg.com
requesting access to or correction of your
personal Information.
• Security:
Although we take precautions against security breaches, hackers pose a threat to any Internet user. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to see that your information is treated in compliance with this privacy policy.
The Privacy Policy was updated on May 1, 2018
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in the media and Washington consider "must-reading". Sign up for the daily JWR update. It's free. Just click here.
© 2018,
Columnists
Mitch Albom
Jay Ambrose
Dan Balz
Robert Barnes
Aaron Blake
Philip Bump
Stephen Carter
Alicia Colon
Robert Costa
Greg Crosby
Mike DeBonis
Larry Elder
Noah Feldman
Suzanne Fields
Jonah Goldberg
Tim Graham
Paul Greenberg
Argus Hamilton
Victor Davis Hanson
James Hohmann
Laura Hollis
Jeff Jacoby
John Kass
Paul Kane
Garrison Keillor
Ch. Krauthammer
Eli Lake
David Limbaugh
Rich Lowry
Heather Mac Donald
Michelle Malkin
Jeanne Moos
Dick Morris
Neil Patel
Dennis Prager
Wesley Pruden
Michael Reagan
Glenn Reynolds
Dave Ross
Ben Shapiro
David Shribman
Lenore Skenazy
Thomas Sowell
Mark Steyn
John Stossel
Sean Sullivan
Cal Thomas
Bob Tyrrell
MediaWatch
David Weigel
News of the Weird
Bill Whalen
Walter Williams
Byron York
Cathy Young
Salena Zito
Toons
Robert Ariail
Nate Beeler
Lisa Benson
Chip Bok
Dry Bones
Bill Bramhall
A.F. Branco
Daryl Cagle
Tim Campbell
John Cole
Jeff Danziger
John Darkow
Bill Day
Matt Davies
Sean Delonas
Bob Englehart
Randall Enos
Mallard Fillmore
David Fitzsimmons
Jake Fuller
Ed Gamble
Al Goodwyn
Bob Gorrel
Dave Granlund
Walt Handelsman
Phil Hands
Joe Heller
David Hitch
Jerry Holbert
David Horsey
Taylor Jones
Steve Kelley
Mike Keefe
Jeff Koterba
Peter Kuper
Bart van Leeuwen
Jimmy Margulies
RJ Matson
Gary McCoy
Rick McKee
Joel Pett
Bruce Plante
Milt Priggee
Michael Ramirez
Steve Sack
Mike Shelton
Kevin Siers
Mike Smith
Scott Stantis
Jeff Stahler
Tom Stiglich
Danna Summers
Gary Varvel
Kirk Walters
Joey Weatherford
Ed Wexler
Dave Whamond
Adam Zyglis
Lifestyles
Tech Q&A
Ask Doctor K
Richard Lederer
Bookmark These
Bruce Williams