https://www.arclaw.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy2020-08-20T12:52:41-07:00
How We Collect Personally Identifiable Information
We provide you with forms and email addresses on our website so you may provide your contact information to correspond with us. When you participate in these or any other online activity in which you are asked to volunteer your personal information, we may ask you to give us contact information and geographic information, among other possible information.The personal information we collect is always voluntarily submitted by you. When you visit our website, we automatically obtain the following information from you: the name of your Internet service provider, the browser and operating system of the computer you are using, the website that referred you to us, the pages you request, the date and time of those requests, and the amount of time spent viewing each request. If you receive an email from us, we may be able to know if you clicked on any of the links embedded within the text of the email.
How We Use Your Information
Information collected about you and your computer is used to fulfill your requests and to track aggregate information about usage of these features. We may also use your contact information to periodically send you email updates. If you provide your phone number, we may call you. We do not collect or store personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, email address, or phone number, unless you provide that information.We also use this information on an aggregate basis to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of our website to our visitors. For example, we may use this information to track which web-pages are most popular among visitors as a whole. We do not track the pages you or any individual visitor may look at during a visit to our website, and we do not collect any other information without your knowledge and permission.
How We Handle Your Personally Identifiable Information
The information you submit to us is handled in-house and is reviewed and seen by in-house employees. Occasionally, for security or other internal purposes, an authorized third party representative – such as a professional database administrator – may have access to your information. We will not sell, rent, or trade your personally identifiable information to any other entity without your authorization.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data containing information about you that is stored on your hard drive. Our website uses cookies only for measuring aggregate web statistics, including number of monthly visitors, number of repeat visitors, most popular web-pages, and other information.
Opting Out of Email List
If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our email list, you can unsubscribe by clicking the link at the bottom of any email you received from us, or sending a message through our contact form and asking to be unsubscribed.
Outside Links
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. This site contains hypertext links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you wish to have your information removed from our database, please contact us with such requests.
Go to Top