http://www.cic-wildlife.org/divisions/policy-law/core-working-fields/
Primary Menu
Who We Are
The CIC
Organizational Structure
Membership
Membership Structure
Sponsorship Programme
News About Members
The Beginnings
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CIC Headquarters
General Assemblies
Awards & Prizes
Committee
Markhor Award
Hunting in Art Prize
Communications Prize
Wildlife Photo Prize
Divisions
APPLIED SCIENCE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Big Game
Small game
Migratory Species
Wildlife Diseases
Wildlife Resource Economics
Crop & Livestock Production Systems and Wildlife
Trophy Evaluation
POLICY & LAW
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting Laws and Policies
Multilateral Agreements
Weapons, Ammunition and Cross-border Movement
CULTURE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting in Art
Falconry
Traditional Hunting
Way of life
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CROSS-DIVISION ACTIVITIES
CPW
WICAC
Young opinion
Structure, Contacts
Activities
News About YO
Artemis Club
Structure, Contacts
News about Artemis Club
Partners
FAO
UNESCO
UNEP
IUCN
OIE
AEWA
CITES
CMS
CBD
FACE
ELO
IAF
CEU
CIC representations at other partners’ meetings
Collection of Other Partners’ Website
Media
Recent News
Publications
CIC Magazine
African Indaba
CIC Video Channel
Technical Series in English
Technical Series in German
Technical Series in French
Technical Series in Russian
Other CIC Publications
Publications by CIC Members
Trophy Evaluation
About the TES
The Handbook
Medals and certificates
CIC International Gold Medal
National Medals
STJ and CCM network
Frequently asked questions
In order to achieve its aims, the activities of the PLD are divided into the following 3 core working fields:
Hunting Laws and Policies
Multilateral Agreements
Weapons, Ammunition and Cross-border Movement
The over-arching aim therefore of the PLD is to advocate within the policy area, the message that sustainable hunting, and thereby the sustainable and wise use of natural resources, has an important role to play in maintaining the balance in today’s ecological systems.
In order to achieve this, the PLD has carried out a range of work at all levels, from the local level with the CIC declaring to help save the traditional practices and cultures of threatened indigenous hunting tribes, to global resolutions and recommendations passed at the General Assemblies of the CIC, an event which attracts internationally renowned experts in the field of wildlife conservation.
Examples of CIC resolutions which have been passed include: Implementing the Addis Ababa Principles and Guidelines for the Sustainable Use of Biodiversity and the call for the establishment of a Collaborative Partnership on Wildlife. The latter represents one of the greatest recent political achievements of the CIC, with the foundation of the Collaborative Partnership on Sustainable Wildlife Management (CPW) in 2013. Together with the CIC, the CPW currently gathers together 11 other leading international organizations with substantive mandates and programmes for the sustainable use and conservation of wildlife resources.
Recommendations passed by the CIC serve as a call to the international nature conservation to address and tackle particular issues which are of interest to the conservation of wildlife. Examples to date include the recommendations on the Trade in Rhino Horn and the Phase-out of lead shot. The latter is a topic which the CIC continues to address together with its international partners, in an attempt to arrive at a workable solution for the phase-out of lead in hunting ammunition.
In addition to its projects, resolutions and recommendations, the CIC is present at a number of international conferences of relevance to the conservation of natural resources. Amongst those which the CIC has attended in the past are the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) World Conservation Congress, the Conference of the Parties (CoP) to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), the Convention on Migratory Species (CMS) CoP, and the CBD CoP.
Since 2008, at the occasion of the bi-annual CBD CoP, the CIC has awarded the CIC Markhor Award to conservation organisations, which are solving challenges in the field of conservation of biodiversity through sustainable hunting by using innovative and sustainable practices or creative partnerships. This prestigious award recognises and celebrates conservation performance through sustainable use and promotes the practice at the global scale.
CIC VIDEO CHANNEL
Tweets
Facebook
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. [cookie_settings] [cookie_button] [cookie_reject] [cookie_link]Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Save & Accept