https://www.pathwaybookstore.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.pathwaybookstore.com and Pathway Press and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Pathway Press include www.pathwaybookstore.com and Pathway Press. The Pathway Press website is a magazine site. By using the Pathway Press website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Pathway Press may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
– First and Last Name – Mailing Address
– E-mail Address
– Phone Number
If you purchase Pathway Press’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Pathway Press collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Pathway Press may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Pathway Press and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Pathway Press does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Pathway Press may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Pathway Press, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Pathway Press may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Pathway Press or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Pathway Press; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Pathway Press, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Pathway Press may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Pathway Press, in order to determine what Pathway Press services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Pathway Press to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Pathway Press. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Pathway Press website.
Use of Cookies
The Pathway Press website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Pathway Press pages, or register with Pathway Press site or services, a cookie helps Pathway Press to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Pathway Press website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Pathway Press features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Pathway Press services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Pathway Press secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Pathway Press uses the following methods for this purpose:
– SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Pathway Press does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Pathway Press may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Pathway Press or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Pathway Press, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button..
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Pathway Press reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Pathway Press welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Pathway Press has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Pathway Press at:
Pathway Press
1080 Montgomery Avenue Cleveland, Tennessee 37311
Email Address: info@pathwaypress.org
Telephone number: 4234764512
Effective as of February 21, 2018
Search for:
MenuHomeShopResources
Sunday School Curriculum
One Accord Spirit Life Echoes
Evangelical Commentary Children & Youth Ministries Vacation Bible School Hymnals & Music Pastoral Resources
Sermon Resources Teacher Resources
Girl's Ministries
Bluebells Joybells Little Sweethearts Resources YLM / Teen girls
Discipleship & Small Group Studies
Men's Discipleship New Believers Women's Discipleship
Church Supplies
Anointing Oil Certificates Church Office/Records Communion
Church of God Authors
Books
Available on Kindle Children's books Dating / Marriage Devotional Evangelism / Church Growth Family Life / Parenting History / Theology Holy Spirit Inspirational Leadership Personal Growth Prayer Women
Bibles
Bible Translations
KJV NIV NKJV
Study Bibles Children's Bibles Devotional Bibles
Evangel
Subscribe Now EvangelMagazine.com
About Us
About Us Our Story Printing Contact Us
CLOSE
Login
Newsletter
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Username *
Email address *
Password *
Subscribe to our newsletter
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Subscribe To Our
Newsletter
Now you can be one of the first to get updates from Pathway!
Sign up below to get the latest info about:
· New Releases & Resources
· Sales & Special Offers
· And more!
Email Address
Yes, I want to receive updates!
{"cart_token":"","hash":"","cart_data":""}