https://www.sandiegoduilawyer.com/privacy/
San Diego DUI Lawyer Homepage » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyrick2016-10-03T14:15:48-07:00
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for sandiegoduilawyer.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (619) 218-2997 or via email.
About Rick Mueller Certified by California DUI Lawyers Association as one of the only 3 San Diego DUI Specialists, Rick has successfully defended drunk driving cases since 1983. Rated by clients and peers as Superb, Rick is a Top San Diego DUI Attorney. Rick writes about what to do when faced with a DUI. Known as the DMV Guru, Rick lectures other San Diego DUI Lawyers on what to do.
Other DUI ResourcesFree DUI Consultation
DUI Glossary Terms
DUI Programs
DUI FAQs
Negligent (Excessive Points)
Expungement
Law Resource Links
San Diego County DUI Law Center
Lets Connect
FacebookTwitterYoutubeLinkedinYelp
Lawyer George Mueller | Top Attorney DUI & DWI
© 2020 San Diego DUI Lawyer Center. All Rights Reserved.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Bio
DUI Checkpoints
Free DUI Consultation
DUI Penalties
Articles
Press Releases
Blog
Contact
Call Now Button