http://www.escm.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY / YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Eckert Seamans Cherin & Mellott, LLC. (“ESCM” or “us” or “we” or “our”) owns and operates the eckertseamans.com site (“Site”). ESCM is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit and interact with the Site. As such, ESCM’s privacy practices are explained in this Privacy Policy (“Policy”).
ESCM also understands your concerns as a client for privacy and the need to ensure the privacy of all your information. Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is a high priority. Lawyers have been, and continue to be, bound by professional standards of confidentiality. Therefore, we have always protected your right to privacy. The purpose of this notice is to explain our Policy with regard to personal information collected through the Site and how we keep that information secure.
This Policy contains details about how ESCM collects and uses information from you when you use the Site.
This Policy covers only the Site. Other ESCM sites and other online locations may have their own privacy policies, and you should consult those accordingly.
This Policy is effective as of December 7, 2015.
Policy Changes
ESCM may update this Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Policy will be posted below for a period of thirty (30) days and will be effective when posted. The changes will also be immediately incorporated into this Policy.
Your continued use of the Site after any changes are made to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease using the Site.
If any changes to this Policy affect how ESCM treats or handles personally identifiable information already provided by you to ESCM, ESCM will notify you by email (if ESCM has a valid email address to use) and give you thirty (30) days to opt in to the changes as they pertain to your information.
Collection and Use of Information
You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. Personally identifiable information (“PII”) is generally defined as information that may be able to identify you such as, but not limited to, name, address, telephone number, email address, age, etc.
There are areas on the Site where you may be asked to provide ESCM with PII. For example, PII such as name, employer, address, phone number and email address may be collected from you when you:
– register for ESCM meetings or events; – contact ESCM with questions or comments; and/or – sign up for ESCM newsletters or client alerts.
ESCM may use your PII to:
– schedule/administer meetings and events; – respond to questions or comments;– deliver services through the Site;– send you ESCM newsletters and other client alerts or updates; – improve the content and general administration of the Site; and/or– perform internal operations, including but not limited to, conduct fraud prevention, troubleshoot computer viruses or other harmful elements, and conduct data analysis.
ESCM uses Google Analytics to anonymously track Site usage trends. No PII is collected by Google through this process. A link to Google’s relevant privacy policy can be found here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
By providing to ESCM the PII and other information referenced above, you agree that ESCM may use the PII and other information in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Sharing of PII and Other Information
Except as noted herein, ESCM does not sell or share your PII with any person or entity outside of ESCM.
ESCM does not share collected PII with any person or entity for direct marketing purposes.
ESCM may share collected PII with its email vendor, MailChimp, in order for MailChimp to send out emails on ESCM’s behalf. MailChimp may collect some of this PII directly through the Site. MailChimp will comply with ESCM’s “Do Not Track” policy referenced below. MailChimp’s privacy policy can be found at: Mail Chimp Privacy Policy.
ESCM will disclose your PII if it reasonably believes it is required to do so by law or in cooperation with a governmental or law enforcement investigation. ESCM may also share PII or other information in order to avoid imminent physical harm to any person or harm to any ESCM property.
ESCM may share your PII with a third party if ESCM’s ownership status changes, such as it being acquired.
WE DO NOT DISCLOSE ANY PII ABOUT OUR CLIENTS OR FORMER CLIENTS TO ANYONE, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY LAW AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE ETHICS RULES. We do not disclose any PII about current or former clients obtained in the course of representation of those clients, except as expressly or impliedly authorized by those clients to enable us to effectuate the purpose of our representation or as required or permitted by law or applicable provisions of codes of professional responsibility or ethical rules governing our conduct as lawyers.
Other than what is referenced above, the PII collected from you is not shared with nor sold to any person or entity outside of ESCM.
Review of Collected PII/Your Choices
If you would like to review, edit, or delete any of the PII ESCM collected from you, or wish ESCM to cease using your PII in the manners specified in this Policy, please contact ESCM at info@eckertseamans.com. Please note that ESCM will do its best to accommodate your request, but ESCM cannot guarantee it can remove all PII from the specified uses. Therefore, please be as specific as possible in your request. If the request relates to information that ESCM needs to make the Site function properly for you, you may not be able to use the Site properly moving forward.
Please note that ESCM reserves the right to maintain proper business records as required by law, or for other legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law, even if such records contain your PII.
If you would like to opt out of receiving further promotional emails from ESCM, please follow the opt out instructions at the bottom of the email or send ESCM a detailed email to info@eckertseamans.com.
ESCM does not knowingly collect any information from minors, nor is the Site directed at or intended for minors. If a minor uploads/posts information to the Site that is publicly available, and the minor subsequently wants that same information deleted, the minor has a right to request that said information be removed from public viewing. Please email us at info@eckertseamans.com to make the request. Please note that any removal of content by ESCM does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content in all places. The content may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information.
Response to “Do Not Track” Requests/Signals
ESCM does not respond to nor recognizes “do not track” or similar requests.
Data Security and Retention
We retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and to comply with professional guidelines or requirements of law. In order to guard your PII, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards. The Site uses, implements, and maintains industry standard technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect PII from unauthorized loss, modification, use, access, or disclosure both in storage/rest and in transmission. The Site uses SSL encryption to help prevent unauthorized access to PII transmitted to the Site.
While ESCM takes the issue of protecting your PII seriously, you should exercise discretion in what information you disclose and/or transmit to the Site. ESCM cannot guarantee that information sent over the Internet is fully secure, and therefore the transmitted information may be intercepted by others before it reaches ESCM. If you are concerned about sending information to ESCM over the Internet, please send the information by mail or call us to make other arrangements. ESCM is not responsible for the security of information sent over the Internet.
MailChimp is contractually bound to make sure shared PII is secured in a manner consistent with this Policy.
ESCM retains collected information for a reasonable amount of time in order to fulfill the stated purpose for why the information was collected. ESCM will also retain collected information connected to business records for periods of time required by law. If ESCM determines that collected information is no longer needed, it will delete such information. Our collection times will be consistent with applicable law.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is intended for individuals 18 years of age and older located in the United States.
The Site is not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, children under 13 years of age. ESCM does not knowingly collect any information, including PII, from children under 13 years of age. If ESCM learns that any information was provided through the Site by a person younger than 13 years of age, ESCM will delete the information immediately. ESCM will not use any minor’s PII to market or advertise certain products or services deemed harmful to children nor will ESCM disclose any minor’s PII if it has actual knowledge that the minor’s PII will be used for the purpose of marketing or advertising harmful products or services.
Non-U.S. Concerns
The Site is meant for individuals within the United States. ESCM only knowingly collects information from individuals within the United States. If you provide information to ESCM from outside of the United States, you do so at you own risk. If you are outside of the United States, you are responsible for complying with any local laws regarding use of the Site, and related data collection. This Policy only addresses data collection from individuals within the United States. You also agree and acknowledge that by providing any information, including PII, through the Site, that such information will be transmitted to, and stored in, the United States.
External Links
The Site may contain links to external sites that are not controlled by ESCM. ESCM is not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third party sites. You should consult the privacy policies of those sites for details.
Terms of Use
The terms of use for the Site is incorporated by reference into this Policy. The terms of use can be found at: http://www.eckertseamans.com/legal-disclaimer
Miscellaneous
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact ESCM at:
EMAIL: info@eckertseamans.comPHONE: 412.566.6000MAIL: 600 Grant Street, 44th Floor, Pittsburgh, PA 15219
It is the policy of ESCM to strictly enforce this Policy. If you believe there has been some violation of this Policy, please contact ESCM.
This Policy was last updated on December 7, 2015.
Printable version: ESCM Website Privacy Policy