https://www.endtime.com/privacy/
Privacy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
NOTE:
The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
SECURITY POLICY VIA COOKIE TRACKING TECHNOLOGY
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
REFUND POLICY
Review our return policy here.
DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
PRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact the webmaster by phone: 1-800-endtime or email: webmaster@endtime.com.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Don't Miss Major Prophecy Updates from Irvin and Dave!Email Address * First Name Last Name Zip Code
You can now stream exclusive Endtime content and experience it anywhere, anytime on your favorite device!
Learn More
How could a book written 2,000 years ago be written for the people who live in the 21st century?
Find Out Now
Upcoming Events
Jan
09
Kingsport, TN
January 9, 2021 at 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Kingsport
TN
Jan
10
Kingsport, TN
January 10, 2021 at 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM
Kingsport
TN
Jan
23
Garland, TX
January 23, 2021 at 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Garland
TX
View More…
End of the AgeWatch Live
Archives / On-Demand
End of the Age+
Schedule
Understanding the Endtime
Revelation
Prophecy in the NewsProphecy News
Ask Irvin & Dave
U.S. Discovered in the Bible
World War 3
Islam Discovered in The Bible
Another Jewish Holocaust Ahead
Learn MoreIrvin Baxter
Dave Robbins
Conferences
Israel Tour
Jerusalem Prophecy College
What Do You Mean, Born Again?
Follow us on Facebook
Scroll to top