https://www.methodistcollege.edu/privacy-policy
Current Status: Campus OPEN
Click Here To Go To NMC's COVID-19 Resource Page
Donate
Alumni
Login & Email
Healthcare Degree programs
Admissions
Tuition & Financial aid
Student life
about
Nursing programs
Allied Health Programs
Healthcare Management
Professional Development
Find Your Program
Nursing programs
Certificate
Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)
Certified Medication Aide (CMA)
RN Refresher
CNA Refresher
Hospital Course for CNA’s
Nurse Educator, PMC
Nurse Executive, PMC
Nurse Informatics, PMC
Bachelor
Traditional BSN
Accelerated BSN
LPN to BSN
RN to BSN
Master
RN to MSN Nurse Educator
RN to MSN Nurse Executive
RN to MSN Nursing Informatics
RN to MSN Care Coordinator
MSN Nurse Educator
MSN Nurse Executive
MSN Nursing Informatics
MSN Care Coordinator
Doctoral
BSN to DNP - Family Nurse Practitioner
BSN to DNP - Adult Gerontology Primary Care Nurse Practitioner
BSN to DNP - Adult Gerontology Clinical Nurse Specialist
APRN to DNP
MSN/MHP to DNP - Public Health Policy
Allied Health Programs
Certificate
Medical Assistant
Phlebotomy
Pharmacy Technician
Sterile Processing Technician
Computed Tomography
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Mammography
Associate
Cardiovascular Sonography
Multispecialty Sonography
Physical Therapist Assistant
Radiologic Technology
Respiratory Care
Surgical Technology
Bachelor
Cardiovascular Sonography
Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Imaging Sciences
Respiratory Therapy, RRT to BSRT
Respiratory Therapy, Dual Degree AS+BS
Master
Occupational Therapy
Healthcare Management
Certificate
Healthcare Analytics
Bachelor
Healthcare Management
Master
MBA In Healthcare
Wellness and Health Promotion Management
Doctoral
Education & Leadership in Healthcare
Public Health Policy
Professional Development
CE Courses
CE FAQ
PD Resources
Basic Life Support
Advanced Life Support
Pediatric Advanced Life Support
Neonatal Resuscitation
Family and Friends CPR
Admissions
Get started
Request Info
Visit Campus
Apply Now
Admission For
First-Time Freshmen
Transfer Students
International Students
Questions?
Contact Us
Admissions FAQs
Tuition & Financial Aid
Tuition & Fees
Tuition By Program & Degree
Financial Aid
Scholarships & Grants
Net Price Calculator
Tuition Refund Policy
Pay Online
Student life
Get Started
Explore Campus Life
New Students
Student Housing
Program Handbooks
Academics
Academic Calendar
Academic Services
John Moritz Library
Registrar
Support
Student Engagement & Support
Campus Health
Campus Safety
Bookstore
About NMC
Overview
Who We Are
Educated Citizen
The Josie Harper Campus
Accreditation & Affiliations
Institutional Research
People
Meet the President
Board of Directors
Faculty & Staff
Alumni Association
Community
Policies
Policies & Procedures
Campus Safety
Program Handbooks
Resources
Blog
Event Calendar
Resource Center
Marketing & Communications
Consumer Information Directory
Privacy Policy
Nebraska Methodist College of Nursing and Allied Health (dba Nebraska Methodist College) respects your right to privacy, and we are committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy outlines the information we may collect on our website (www.methodistcollege.edu) and how we may use that information.  This policy applies only to the information collected online through this website which is defined as all publicly accessible pages under the domain www.methodistcollege.edu.
Links to Other Sites
Links to third party websites on the NMC site are provided as a convenience to you. NMC is not responsible for any of these sites or their content and does not endorse or make any representations about the software, products or materials found there, as well as the privacy practices or any results that may be obtained from using these websites.
Information Collected Automatically
In some instances, information not personally identifiable by user is collected on our NMC website. Examples of the type of information collected include: date and time of your visit, IP address, browser type, pages visited, and the website address used when you visited.  This information is used for statistical purposes and to diagnose problems with the website.  Unless specifically stated, no additional information is collected about you without your consent.
The NMC website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about users regarding traffic data. In addition, NMC uses the following Google Analytics advertising features: Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and certain integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers. Learn more about Google Analytics Privacy, including how to opt out of Google Analytics tracking.
For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the Google Advertising Privacy FAQ. To manage your settings for Google advertising cookies or opt out of these features, please visit Google Ads Settings. For more information about Google's privacy policies, please visit the Google privacy policy website.
Additionally, other third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from the NMC website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted and/or interest-based ads. To opt out of the collection and use of your browsing information for ad targeting, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Choice Tool.
Information You Provide NMC
Please know that Nebraska Methodist College will collect personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and comments that you share with the college, and that this data will be used by Nebraska Methodist College to provide you with information you have requested.  Examples of requests include event updates, admissions material, responses to questions, or other correspondence you have requested from the College.
We will not sell, share, rent or trade your individual information with any third parties that are not directly affiliated with Nebraska Methodist College unless such information is expressly required by state or federal law.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Compliance
Nebraska Methodist College is in compliance with the requirement of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance. We do not collect any identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age, and our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Cookies
A cookie is a file stored on your computer that is used to identify and store user preferences about a website to prepare web pages.  The NMC website may store information on your computer through a cookie.   You can remove cookies from your computer, but it is generally not recommended as many of your settings with websites may be lost.  For more information about cookies and how to manage them, please refer to your computer help system.
Email and Telephone Communication
Nebraska Methodist College will communicate with you by telephone, regular mail or e-mail as you have requested and for the information you have requested. NMC may also send to you e-mail communications based upon personally identifiable information that you agreed to share with us.  Please know that you may opt out of any type of correspondence with NMC at any time by contacting us at NMCMarketing@methodistcollege.edu .  You may also opt out of any e-mail correspondence sent to you by following the unsubscribe link located on your e-mail.
Photos and Testimonial Policy
Any pictures of Nebraska Methodist College students, classes, activities, and/or faculty and staff may be placed on the website and in NMC publications without the consent of those photographed only if the names of the subjects are not identified. Group pictures are preferred.  No external product or service will be endorsed in conjunction with pictures. Communication of the policy will be coordinated through NMC and will be included in the student handbook, orientation materials and employee/faculty policies and procedures.
If you do not wish to have your picture published, you must inform Nebraska Methodist College in writing. Send notification to the Vice President of Business Development and Communications, Nebraska Methodist College, 720 North 87th Street, Omaha, NE 68114.
Secure Shopping
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server software (SSL) encrypts all personal information including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be intercepted as the information travels over the Internet. As a consumer you are protected under the Fair Credit Billing Act and other federal consumer protection laws against certain unauthorized charges made to your credit card. If you have any reason to believe that an unauthorized charge was made to your card, contact your credit card company and Nebraska Methodist College Business Office immediately.
Additional Privacy Concerns
Our privacy practices are periodically reviewed and updated.  Please visit this site for any changes to our privacy policy or terms of use. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact: NMCMarketing@methodistcollege.edu.
Copyright
Copyright © Nebraska Methodist College
All design, methods, structures, and material is Copyright © by Nebraska Methodist College (NMC). Any part or whole of this site may not be copied or reproduced in any form without written permission from NMC.
Side bar Title
Tuition & Fees
Tuition by Program
Financial Aid
Scholarships & Grants
Net Price Calculator
Tuition Refund Policy
Pay Online
720 N. 87th Street,Omaha, NE 68114(402) 354-7000
Healthcare Degree Programs
Nursing Programs
Allied Health Programs
Healthcare Management
Professional Development
Find Your Program
Admissions
Apply Now
Campus Visit
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid
Financial Aid Portal
About NMC
Who We Are
Academic Calendar
Accreditation
Blog
Bookstore
Campus
Careers
Library
© 2020 Nebraska Methodist College, an affiliate of Methodist Health System
Website Requests
Complaint Form
Privacy
Terms of Use