http://www.childrenssociety.org.uk/about-us/our-organisation/our-organisational-policies
Skip to main content
sprite-icon-caretsprite-icon-chevronFacebooksprite-icon-instagramLinkedInTwitterVimeosprite-icon-youtube
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Organisational policies
We are a national charity, working with young people to counsel and support them through their most serious life challenges.
Every child is unique, so are the problems they face. We need to have sound policies in place to ensure the safety and well-being of those we work with. These policies and statements explain our approach to working with young people.
organisational policies
Safeguarding policy
We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people, and adults who we work with.
Safeguarding children, young people and adults at risk of abuse
Managing allegations and concerns about employees or volunteers
Complaints policy
While we aim to get things right the first time, we know we sometimes don't. We are positive about receiving complaints so that we have an opportunity to put things right where they have gone wrong.
Read our complaints policy and procedure
Non-recent (historical) abuse approach
We openly acknowledge with sadness and deep regret that on some occasions children in the care of The Children’s Society have experienced abuse or neglect.
Read our apology and response to non recent abuse
Whistleblowing policy
We aim to provide employees with an avenue to raise concerns internally and receive feedback on any action taken. Our policy demonstrates how employees can take the matter further if they are dissatisfied with the management response and reassures employees that they will be protected from harassment or victimisation from co-workers for raising concerns.
Read our latest whistleblowing policy
Single equality scheme
Our single equality scheme, called ‘Stronger Together’, sets out how we will deliver on our commitment to diversity and inclusion and go beyond the requirements of the Equality Act (2010). It covers all aspects of our work, including our service provision, our role as employer, our engagement with volunteers and our campaigning.
Learn more about our single equality scheme
Modern slavery statement
Our statement describes our commitment and the steps taken, in relation to our operations, to ensure that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains, or in any part of our business.
Read our modern slavery statement 2019
Gender pay gap report
As of April 2017 all organisations with 250 or more employees are required to publish their gender pay gap. We have been considered an early adopter in the 2017 - 2018 year and outline our approach in our gender pay gap report.
Read our gender pay gap report
Health and safety national policy statement
We recognise and accept our responsibility for providing, so far as is reasonably practicable, a safe and healthy work place and working environment for all of our staff and anyone else who may be affected by our work activities.
Read our health and safety national policy statement
Cookie and privacy policies
Read about our website's cookie and privacy policies. We take appropriate measures to ensure that the information we receive is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.
Keep in touch_final
Keep in touch
Sign up to receive email updates about our work and how you can support children and young people. You can unsubscribe at any time.
First name
Last name
Email address
url1
I am opting in to receive emails
Yes
No
Please see our privacy policy for details of how we will use your information and keep it safe and secure.
Submit
Leave this field blank