http://www.social-exclusion-housing.com/privacy.html
Social-Exclusion-Housing, privacy policy .....
Social-Exclusion-Housing is committed to protecting your privacy.
We will only use any information that we may collect about you lawfully.
We may collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly to provide you with the best possible service, and secondly if applicable to process your enquiry or order.
The type of personal information that might be collected from you includes :
your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit/debit card details.
We will never collect such personal information about you without your explicit consent.
Any information we hold will be the most accurate and up to date that you have supplied. You can check the information that we may hold about you by emailing us, and if you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
Any personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
We will never transfer your information to others unless we obtain your specific consent first.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site, and this might include using a "cookie" which is stored on your browser.
Third parties may place and read cookies on your browser, or use website beacons, to collect information in the course of their ads being served on this website.
Information collected in these ways can be used to identify your computer unless you modify your browser settings or set your computer Internet Options to a higher Privacy level.
You can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, or can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies so that you will be prompted to accept or refuse each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site, but you may need cookies to participate actively in online shopping, forums, message boards, polling or surveys.
If we have your email address, we will not e-mail you more than once per month unless you have given us your specific consent, and you can unsubscribe from or refuse any such marketing email from us in the future, by contacting us.
This website may carry links to other websites. While we do try to ensure that such links are to websites that are generally safe to use, we accept no responsibility for the policies and practices of these sites and advise visitors to such sites to examine their privacy policies.
For any questions or comments about privacy, please contact us :-
by email, (e-mail vincent@social-exclusion-housing.com):-
or write, Vincent Wilmot, 166 Freeman Street, Grimsby, DN327AT Lincs, UK.
© Social Exclusion Housing, 2020 - taking care with your privacy, see sitemap.