http://www.debate.nl/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited. If the responsible body for the data processing that occurs via this website has their basis outside of the European Economic area and Switzerland, then the associated Google Analytics data processing is carried out by Google LLC.
Google Ireland Limited and Google LLC. will hereinafter be referred to as “Google”.
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files saved on the site visitor’s computer, to help the website analyze their use of the site. The information generated by the cookie (including the truncated IP address) about the use of the website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google.
Google Analytics is used exclusively with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()" on this website. This extension ensures an anonymization of the IP address by truncation and excludes a direct personal reference. Via this extension Google truncates the site visitor’s
IP address within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional situations will the site visitor’s full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the United States and truncated there. The IP address, that is provided by the site visitor’s browser in using Google Analytics will not be merged by Google with other data from Google.
On behalf of the site operator, Google will use the information collected to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other website and internet related services to the site operator (Art. 6 (1)( f) GDPR). The legitimate interest in data processing lies in the optimization of this website, the analysis of the use of the website and the adaptation of the content. The interests of the users are adequately protected by the pseudonymization of their data.
Google LLC. has certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and on that basis they provides a guarantee to comply with European data protection law. The data sent and linked to the Google Analytics cookies, e.g. user IDs or advertising IDs will be automatically deleted after 50 months. The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached is done automatically once a month.
The website visitor may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in their browser. The website visitor can also prevent Google from collecting information (including their IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
The website visitor can prevent data collection via Google Analytics on this website by clicking here. An "Opt-out Cookie" shall then be applied which shall prevent any future collection of the site visitors data when visiting this website.