http://www.dowdlefolkart.com/pages/policies
| New Art| Club Dowdle| Art Videos| Puzzles Wooden PuzzlesTraditional PuzzlesPicture Perfect PuzzlesCustom Image Puzzles| Fine Art Canvas Gallery WrapsPrintsDouble Matted PrintsPart of the Art| Dimensional Art StratascapeCityScapes| Additional Products Puzzle Trays
Skip to content
NO MISSING PIECES LEARN MORE
About
Blog
Account
Painting The Town
Close menu
Shop Puzzles
All Puzzles
3D Puzzles
Travel Puzzles
Custom Image Puzzles
Puzzle Accessories
Shop FINE ART
Fine Art
Stratascapes
Be Part Of The Art
Coloring Books
Calendars
Disney
Blog
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Americana Art Enterprises LLC, DBA Dowdle Folk Art (“Dowdle Folk Art” "us," "we," or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy of the users (“user”, "you" or "your") of its web site and mobile app operated by Dowdle Folk Art from its offices within the United States (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site and governs data collection and usage at the Site. When you leave the Site, this Privacy Policy no longer applies.Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how and when we collect information through the Site, and how this information will be used. It will be continuously assessed against new technologies and business practices. The United States has data protection laws that may not be consistent with those of other countries. By accessing, browsing and/or using the Site, including all content, software, functions, services, materials and information made available on or accessed through the Site, whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Site) or a "Registered User" (which means that you have registered with Dowdle Folk Art), you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Any personally identifiable information provided by you through the Site will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The term “you” or “user” as used in this Privacy Policy refers to a Visitor or a Registered User. By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Please read it in its entirety.1. Types of Information CollectedThrough the use of cookie technology, log-files or otherwise, we may track and collect information about your computer and software when you visit the Site as well as record activity on the Site and gather statistics about users' browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously and help us to understand and analyze trends, to administer the Site, to learn about user behavior on the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. This information may include: (i) your Internet Protocol (IP) address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer; (iv) browser type, language and resolution; (v) Internet Service Provider (ISP); (vi) referring and exit pages; (vii) operating system; (viii) access date/time; and (ix) clickstream data (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you. Traffic Data assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the user-friendliest manner and to continually improve our Site to better meet the needs of users.To the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personally identifiable information by applicable laws, we will also treat these identifiers as Personal Information (as that term is defined below) under this Privacy Policy. Similarly, to the extent Traffic Data is combined with Personal Information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.In order for you to access certain areas and functions/features of the Site, register with Dowdle Folk Art (become a Registered User) and/or participate in certain online activities (such as posting to blogs, bulletin boards, chat rooms or similar forums on the Site, submitting online comments and placing online orders), we may ask you to establish certain login information and provide us with information that personally identifies you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address and home and/or business telephone numbers ("Personal Information"). For some activities, we may also ask you to create a password and to provide demographic information such as your age, the gender and birthdates of children in your household.If you make a Submission, communicate with us by e-mail or otherwise complete online forms or the like, any personally identifiable information provided in such Submission or communication may be collected as Personal Information.You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site. You, however, will not be able to access or use those areas of the Site or participate in online activities that require your Personal Information.Users purchasing goods and/or services through our online store will be required to provide a valid credit card number and expiration date, in addition to name, mailing address, phone number and e-mail address.Participation in online activities at the Site may be subject to additional terms, conditions and notices and such activities shall be governed by such terms, conditions and notices. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms, conditions and notices will prevail over this Privacy Policy.2. Use of Cookies and Other TechnologyDowdle Folk Art uses cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons to enhance your experience on the Site. These technologies help us to better understand user behavior and let us know how many users have visited the Site and which parts. They help us to facilitate and improve effectiveness and usability of the Site and its content, navigation and search. We use cookies and other technologies to remember Personal Information when you use the Site and online applications to make your experience on the Site more convenient and personal.Specifically, we employ cookie technology to store and track information about the users of the Site. Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent the browser from accepting cookies - you can disable cookies in the security settings of your browser. If you disable or reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas and features/functions of the Site may be limited.We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our Site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following the directions provided in your Internet browser’s “HELP” file.Login areas on the Site require that your browser accepts session ID cookies. We use session cookies to verify that you are properly signed in.We use web beacons (small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web sites) and auditing software to track page views and entry and exit points to and from the Site. In addition, we may use web beacons, cookies, customized links and/or similar technologies to determine whether electronic newsletter(s) sent by us to those who have requested them from us have been opened and which links are clicked. Any data collected will only be used in an aggregate form and will not contain any Personal Information, as that term is defined below.We may allow certain Dowdle Folk Art affiliates to include cookies, web beacons and/or other technologies within pages of the Site. These affiliates may aggregate information about our advertising and provide auditing, research and reporting for our advertisers. No Personal Information is shared with our advertisers or our affiliates. We work with third parties who use cookies and other technologies to aid in the reporting of aggregate site usage statistics for the Site. These statistics are not linked to Personal Information.3. Security and Protection of Personal InformationDowdle Folk Art will only collect Personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes and we will take reasonable steps to safeguard Personal Information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss or alteration.The Site is based in state of Utah, United States of America. The server is maintained by Shopify, a third party service provider. The Site has security measures in place intended to protect Personal Information against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Any information provided to Dowdle Folk Art on our web site is administered in a secure datacenter maintained by a third party service provider. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all pages where Personal Information is collected. To make purchases and use these services you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox or Safari.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our system4. Uses and Sharing of Information CollectedExcept as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (i) comply with the law or legal process served on us; (ii) provide you the products, services and/or information that you may have requested; (iii) protect our rights or property; (iv) enforce our rights; (v) protect the interest of users of the Site, other than you, or any other person; (vi) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our equipment; and/or (vii) detect, prevent and/or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; as authorized by law; and/or (h) otherwise comply with applicable laws.In general, we will use Personal Information only for the purpose for which such information was provided to us. We may also use Personal Information to (i) to verify the information you provided to us; (ii) to provide you the information that you have requested; (iii) to respond to your inquiries; (iv) to contact you when necessary; and (v) to send you information about us, including information related to our products, programs or promotional activities, or about third-party products, services, programs or promotional activities that we believe may be of interest to you. In the case of third party products, service, programs or promotional activities, your Personal Information is not transferred to the third party. If you sign up or subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and e-mail address to send the newsletter(s) to you. You may opt-out of receiving future communications from Dowdle Folk Art by following the instructions set forth in the opt-out section.We may share Personal Information with our parent company and/or our affiliates or subsidiaries. We may also share some of your Personal Information with third parties that provide services to Dowdle Folk Art (including provision of credit card processing, address validation/verification, online product fulfillment/shipment with regard to products that you purchase through the Site, technical support, handling and delivering of e-mail communications and newsletter(s), online registration or other user submitted information processing and/or storage, and web site hosting and other application services) as reasonably necessary for them to provide said services. Service providers of Dowdle Folk Art who have access to Personal Information, however, are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and not to use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Dowdle Folk Art.With regard to your credit card information, it is sent directly to our payment provider who processes your online order. The credit card information is neither recorded nor stored by Dowdle Folk Art, and it can only be accessed by our payment provider. Specifically, your credit card details are sent directly to Dowdle Folk Art’s payment provider over a secure SSL-encrypted connection. They are not processed on our servers at any stage of the transaction.We may use Traffic Data to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.We may provide Traffic Data and/or other aggregate non-personally identifying information to third parties.Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may transfer, sell or assign information concerning the Site and your use of the Site, including without limitation, Personal Information, to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of Dowdle Folk Art.5. Opt-Out/DiscontinueIf you sign up/subscribe to our newsletter(s) – and you no longer wish to receive our newsletter(s), you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking unsubscribe in the newsletter.6. Correct/UpdateIf you are a Registered User, you may at any time review and update the information previously provided to us or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by sending us an an email to contact@dowdlefolkart.com. We will use reasonably efforts to ensure that your information is corrected or updated in our records. We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill its intended purposes, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.7. LinksThe Site contains links to third-party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you access those links, you will leave the Site. Dowdle Folk Art does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Dowdle Folk Art’s practices. Dowdle Folk Art is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of linked third party sites and does not make any warranty or representation regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites. Nor does Dowdle Folk Art make any warranty or representation regarding, nor does it endorse, any linked third-party web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. The personal information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any third-party before submitting your personal information. If you decide to access linked third party web sites, you do so at your own risk.8. Blogs/Bulletin Boards/Chat RoomsIf you use a blog, bulletin board, chat room or similar public forum on the Site, you should be aware that any Personal Information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.9. Children Under the Age of 13We are committed to protecting the on-line privacy of children. In accordance with the Children's On-line Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.10. Notification of ChangesWe may change our Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their Personal Information in this different manner. Unless otherwise agreed, we will use Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.11. Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or any questions about the security at our Site, you can contact us by sending us an email at contact@dowdlefolkart.com12. Acceptance of Privacy PolicyBy using the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.13. Special Notification for California ResidentsUsers who reside in California and have provided their personal information to Dowdle Folk Art may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us at contact@dowdlefolkart.com. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this paragraph. Terms and Conditions of UseWelcome to dowdlefolkart.com (the “Site”). Your access to and use of the Site is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) and all applicable laws. The Site is operated by American Art Enterprises LLC, DBA Dowdle Folk Art (“Dowdle Folk Art”) from its offices within the United States. Dowdle Folk Art makes no representation that content, materials or information made available on or accessed through the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.The following Terms of Use apply to the Site. By accessing, browsing and/or using the Site, including all separate content, materials and information made available on or accessed through the Site - whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Site) or a "Registered User" (which means that you have registered with Dowdle Folk Art) - you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to comply with these Terms of Use and all applicable laws. If you do not agree, do not use the Site. The term "you" or "user", as used in these Terms of Use, refers to a Visitor or a Registered User. The term "you" or "user", as used in these Terms of Use, refers to a Visitor or a Registered User.Dowdle Folk Art may modify or change these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, at any time at its sole discretion by updating this posting without prior notice to users or liability. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.1. Proprietary RightsThe Site, including the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of content, and its content including text, graphics, images, photographs, illustrations, videos, audio, code, data, trademarks, service marks, logos, taglines, slogans, trade names and other material, made available on or accessed through the Site (collectively, the “Materials”) and any and all intellectual property and proprietary rights inherent therein or appurtenant thereto, are owned by Dowdle Folk Art or its licensors and are protected under both United States and foreign laws. Your use of the Site does not grant to you ownership of any of the Materials. Except as stated herein, none of the Materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of authorized personnel of Dowdle Folk Art, its licensors or the otherwise applicable rights holders. The trademarks, service marks, logos, taglines, slogans and trade names (collectively, the "Marks") displayed on the Site or on the Materials are registered and unregistered Marks of Dowdle Folk Art, its licensors or other rights holders and may not be copied or used in any manner. Nothing contained on the Site or on the Materials should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Mark displayed on the Site or on the Materials without the written permission of Dowdle Folk Art or the otherwise applicable rights holders. Your misuse, including any unauthorized use, of the Marks displayed on the Site or on the Materials is strictly prohibited.2. Limited LicenseSubject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, you may (a) access and view the Materials on the Site on your computer or other device and (b) download any of the Materials displayed and identified on the Site as specifically available for downloading solely for your own lawful, personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Materials. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Materials or other content or information that are made available on or accessed through the Site with their own license terms, conditions and notices shall be governed by such terms, conditions and notices. In the event of any conflict, such additional or different terms, conditions and notices will prevail over these Terms of Use.Except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraph, Dowdle Folk Art does not grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. You may not mirror the Site or any of the Materials on another web site or in any other media.3. Use Restrictions and Prohibited ConductAny commercial or promotional distribution, publishing or exploitation of the Site or any of the Materials is strictly prohibited unless you have received the express prior written permission from authorized personnel of Dowdle Folk Art, Dowdle Folk Art’s licensors or the otherwise applicable rights holders. Other than as expressly allowed herein, no part of the Site or any of the Materials may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, downloaded, posted, publicly displayed, published, modified, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way to any other computer, server, web site or other medium for publication or distribution without Dowdle Folk Art’s express written consent. You further agree that you may not alter, edit, delete, remove, otherwise change the meaning or appearance of, or repurpose, any of the Materials, including, without limitation, the alteration or removal of any trademarks, trade names, logos, service marks, or any other proprietary content or proprietary rights notices. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading any copyrighted material made available on or accessed through the Site.You agree that you shall not: (a) impersonate any individual or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any other individual or entity; (b) use the Site in any manner with the intent to interrupt, damage, disable, overburden or impair the Site; (c) use the Site or any of the Materials in violation of Dowdle Folk Art's or any third party's intellectual property or other proprietary or legal rights; (d) use the Site or any of the Materials in violation of any applicable laws; (e) attempt (or encourage or support anyone else's attempt) to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt or otherwise alter or interfere with the Site, or make any unauthorized use thereof; (f) obtain or attempt to obtain any content, materials or information through any means not intentionally made publicly available or provided for through the Site; (g) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site through hacking, password mining or any other means; or (h) use or attempt to use any “spider”, “robot”, “bot”, “scraper”, “data minder” or any other program, device or algorithm, process or methodology to access, acquire, copy, or monitor the Site (or portions thereof) or Materials. The Site may be indexed by search engines that survey the Web and are available to the public generally.4. Registration and Login/User RepresentationsRegistration and/or login are required, among other things, to access certain portions of our Site, to subscribe to our newsletters, to create an account, to make certain Submissions and to obtain certain information or materials from Dowdle Folk Art.By registering, you represent and warrant to Dowdle Folk Art that: (a) you are 18 years of age or older and the age of majority in your state of residence as of the time you register as a Registered User; (b) all information provided by you to Dowdle Folk Art during the registration process is truthful, accurate and complete; (c) you will comply with all terms and conditions of these Terms of Use; and (d) you will not use the Site, any of the Materials or any other content or information obtained from the Site, for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.As a Registered User, you agree to maintain and promptly update your registration data as necessary to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. Dowdle Folk Art may terminate your access to the Site (or portions thereof) if any of the information provided is found to be inaccurate, false, out of date or incomplete, or for violating these Terms of Use and/or applicable laws, without prior notice or liability.As part of the registration process, you are required to select and use a password. As a Registered User, you acknowledge that you are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account while using the Site. You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your password and monitoring and controlling access to your account. You agree to notify Dowdle Folk Art immediately of any unauthorized use of any account or password, or any other known or suspected breach of securityIf you no longer wish to be a Registered User, you may ask us to delete your account by contacting us through our email contact@dowdlefolkart.com.Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to register on the Site or use any functionality for which registration or the disclosure of personally identifiable information is required.5. Site and Materials DisclaimerDowdle Folk Art does not promise or guarantee that the Site and/or the Materials are correct, current or complete. Dowdle Folk Art has no duty or policy to update any Materials or other content or information displayed, distributed or made available on or accessed through the Site and, therefore, such Materials, content or information should not be relied upon as being current as of the date you access the Site. Moreover, the Site and/or the Materials may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Dowdle Folk Art makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of any of the Materials or of any other content or information displayed, distributed or made available on or accessed through the Site. You acknowledge that any reliance on any such Materials, content or information will be at your sole risk. Dowdle Folk Art will not be responsible for any loss, however arising, from use of, or reliance on any such Materials, content or information.6. Disclaimer of WarrantiesThe site and materials are provided on “as is” basis without warranties or any kind, either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Dowdle Folk Art hereby disclaims all express, implied, statutory and other warranties, guarantees or representations, including, without limitation, any warranties of title, merchantability, non infringement of third parties’ rights, and of fitness for particular purpose.Dowdle Folk Art uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the site. Dowdle Folk Art, however, makes no warranties as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the materials or of any other content or information displayed, distributed or made available on or through the site, about the results to be obtained from using the site and/or said materials, content or information. Dowdle Folk Art does not assume liability or responsibility for any error or omission in the contents of the site.Dowdle Folk Art does not warrant that the site will operate error free or that the site, the materials or of any other content or information displayed, distributed or made available on or through the site will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. Dowdle Folk Art reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site or the materials.7. Limitation of LiabilityTo the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event shall Dowdle Folk Art be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from or relating to the site, the materials or any other content or information displayed, distributed or made available on or through the site, or the internet generally, including, without limitation, the use or inability to use the site, any changes to or inaccessibility of the site, delay, failure, unauthorized access to or alteration of any transmission or data, any submissions by users, or any material, statement or information from a third party accessed on or through the site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Dowdle Folk Art is advised of the possibility of such damages.8. IndemnityYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Dowdle Folk Art, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective directors, shareholders, officers, employees, agents, licensors and service providers from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or resulting from your use of the Site or the Materials, your Submissions, your breach of these Terms of Use and/or violation of any applicable laws.9. LinksThe Site may contain links to third-party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Dowdle Folk Art of the content or information available on such third-party web sites. Dowdle Folk Art is not responsible for the content or information available on linked third-party sites and does not make any warranty or representation whatsoever regarding same. Nor does Dowdle Folk Art make any warranty or representation regarding, nor does it endorse, any linked third-party web sites or the content or information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links to a non- Dowdle Folk Art web site do not mean that Dowdle Folk Art endorses, is affiliated or associated with, the linked third-party site, or accepts any responsibility for the content or information available on or use of such third-party site. .You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these linked third-party sites. If you decide to access linked third-party web sites, you do so at your own risk.In general, Dowdle Folk Art does not object to links to the Site from third-party web sites. Unless Dowdle Folk Art has a written agreement with you, you may not use any of Dowdle Folk Art’s trademarks, service marks or trade names in or with your links. You may not present the link to the Site in any way that suggests Dowdle Folk Art has any relationship or affiliation with your web site or endorses, sponsors or recommends the information, products or services on your site, unless you have a specific written agreement with Dowdle Folk Art to do so. You may link to the Site using the plain text name of the Site. Link only to the home page of the Site. Do not, without Dowdle Folk Art’s written permission: (a) incorporate any of the Materials into your web site (e.g., by in-lining or framing); (b) use any of Dowdle Folk Art’s, trademarks, service marks, taglines, slogans, trade names or any other words or codes identifying Dowdle Folk Art or the Site in any "metatag". Dowdle Folk Art will not tolerate links from any web site that may adversely affect the name, reputation and/or goodwill of Dowdle Folk Art and/or its products or services. Dowdle Folk Art reserves the right to terminate permission to link to the Site at any time, for any reason.10. Opt-Out/DiscontinueIf you do not wish to receive information or other material or communications from us, you may “opt-out” of receiving these communications by sending us an e-mail at contact@dowdlefolkart.com.11. Unsolicited Ideas PolicyDowdle Folk Art or any of its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, proposals or materials, including ideas and proposals, including without limitation proposals for new or improved advertising campaigns or promotions, new or improved products, product enhancements, packaging, marketing plans or new product names. Please do not submit through the Site any unsolicited ideas, original creative artwork, suggestions, proposals or other works in any form to Dowdle Folk Art or any of its employees. The sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when Dowdle Folk Art’s products or marketing strategies, for example, might seem similar to ideas submitted to Dowdle Folk Art. If, despite our request that you not submit unsolicited ideas, proposals or materials, you still submit them, then regardless of any statements contained in your submission, you agree that the ideas, proposals or materials that you submitted may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and may be disseminated or used by Dowdle Folk Art for any purpose and in any way without any compensation, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and/or marketing purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dowdle Folk Art is not required to use any such ideas, proposals or materials. 12. SubmissionsDowdle Folk Art does not claim ownership of any information or material including any data, questions, comments or suggestions, a user transmits posts or uploads to or through the Site, by any means, including, without limitation, by message boards, chat rooms or similar discussion forums, blogs, wiki pages, e-mail or otherwise (“Submissions”). All Submissions will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be disseminated or used by Dowdle Folk Art and/or its parent, affiliates or subsidiaries, for any purpose and in any way without any compensation.By making a Submission to or through the Site, you automatically grant Dowdle Folk Art an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, publicly perform, transmit, distribute and create derivative works from such Submission, alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed.You warrant and represent that you shall not transmit, post or upload to or through the Site any Submission that is, or whole or in part, libelous, scandalous, inflammatory, discriminatory, defamatory, false, threatening, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, profane, abusive, harassing, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful or bashing, aimed at gender, race, color, sexual orientation, national origin, religious views or disability, or otherwise unlawful, or that violates or infringes on the privacy, publicity, intellectual property, proprietary, or contractual rights of any third party.You further warrant and represent that to the extent you transmit, post or upload to or through the Site any Submission that constitutes a review, a testimonial and/or an endorsement of a product and/or service, you will clearly and conspicuously disclose the material connections you share with the seller of the product and/or service, including disclosing the fact that you are being paid to promote or review the product and/or service or from any links within your Submission whenever that is the case, based your review, testimonial and/or endorsements on your own independent evaluation of the product and/or service, not pass along misleading or unsubstantiated advertiser claims, and otherwise comply with applicable laws.Dowdle Folk Art does not represent or warrant the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any content or information contained in any Submissions made to or through the Site by users or endorse any statements, representations or opinions expressed by users in their Submissions. Your reliance on content or information, including any statements, representations or opinions, contained in any Submissions made to or through the Site by other users shall be at your own risk. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product and/or service contained in a Submission should be verified with the applicable manufacturer or provider.Dowdle Folk Art is not responsible for screening or monitoring Submissions made to or through the Site by users. If notified by a user of any Submissions made to the Site allegedly in violation of these Terms of Use, Dowdle Folk Art may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove such Submission or any portion thereof. Dowdle Folk Art shall have no liability or responsibility to users for performance or nonperformance of such activities. Dowdle Folk Art reserves the right not to post or to remove any information or material posted, uploaded, input or submitted to the Site for any reason, including, without limitation, any Submissions that, in its sole discretion, it deems to be in violation of these Terms of Use.The foregoing is not intended to apply to any Personal Information (as that term is defined below), the use of which is governed by the Site’s privacy policy, or to the use of digital images submitted through the Site in connection with customizations or personalizations.13. Privacy PolicyIn order for you to access certain portions of the Site, you may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address and home and/or telephone numbers ("Personal Information"). If you make a Submission, communicate with us by e-mail or complete online forms or the like, any Personal Information provided in such Submission or communication will be subject to the Site's Privacy Policy and incorporated herein by reference.14. Termination/SuspensionDowdle Folk Art reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site or the Materials at any time and/or to restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Site and/or any portion thereof, at any time, for any reason or for no reason at all, without prior notice or any notice.
"Close (esc)"
x