https://www.cccnewyork.org/privacy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarThis policy covers the treatment of all personal information that Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York (CCC) collects from visitors to our web pages www.cccnewyork.org, as well as the handling of personal information offline.
Online Donor and User Information
Like all website owners, Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York receives and records information from users in our website server logs, including their IP (Internet Protocol) addresses and web pages requested. Aside from this standard tracking data, the only other personal information our site collects about users is such data as is knowingly provided in one of our on-line forms. Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York is the sole owner of any information collected on this site. CCC does not and will not disclose, share or sell user or donor postal and e-mail addresses, telephone, fax or cell numbers or other personal information to any other party, except where required to process online donations (see below); or when a user knowingly submits information through our e-advocacy tool(s) and agrees to have that information passed directly to policymakers.
CCC is grateful for the online donations that help us continue our valuable work on behalf of New York City’s children and families. It is very important to us that your personal information remains secure. When you donate to CCC online, your credit card information is processed on a confidential basis by our constituent relationship manager (Salsa Labs) and secured by a reputable security company (Verisign). Your credit card number is stored in encrypted form only as long as is required to fulfill your particular financial transaction. You will see the “closed” lock symbol in your browser address bar when you are on our secure donation pages. You will also notice in your web site address bar that the domain name starts with an “https” on those donation pages. This means that information entered on those pages is encrypted for your security. This actually makes it more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store for example. If you have any questions regarding the security of your credit card donation online, please e-mail info@cccnewyork.org.
CCC Does Not Rent, Share, or Sell Online or Offline Donor and User Information
Keeping user and donor personal information secure is a top priority for us– both online and offline. Personal information, however it is collected, is private and confidential; accordingly, the information provided is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated employees, trained in the proper handling of customer information. Whenever Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York should hire other organizations to provide support services, we will require them to conform to our privacy standards and allow us to audit them for compliance. CCC does not share or sell a donor’s or user’s personal information with any other organizations, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. CCC never rents or sells any personal donor or user information, whether that information is collected online or offline.
Opting Out of Email, Mailings and Communications
CCC gives you the opportunity to opt out of receiving additional information from us.  If you do not want to receive additional information, please uncheck the boxes at the point at which we request that information.  Individuals may also remove themselves from our mailing list or email list at any time by e-mailing info@cccnewyork.org or by clicking “unsubscribe” at the bottom of our emails. You may also phone 212-673-1800, ext. 23.
Links to Other Sites
CCC’s website may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated otherwise, Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. The fact that Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners, or its providers. There are risks associated with using any information, software, or products found on the Internet, and Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York cautions users to make sure that they understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon, or purchasing anything via the Internet.
In addition, we encourage users to be aware, when they leave the CCC site, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. Please be aware that Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. Please check the privacy statements of these other sites for more information about their policies on collection and use of personal information. Citizens’ Committee for Children of New York may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we use personal information, we will amend the information on this page.
Children Under 13
CCC does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13. If a child who we know to be under age 13 reaches us online, we will respond directly to that child and direct the youngster to notify his/her parents, or seek parental consent.
If you are under the age of 13, we ask that you do not submit personal information anywhere on the www.cccnewyork.org website. Please ask your parents for assistance when using the www.cccnewyork.org website.
Primary Sidebarstay informed
Help us make sure every child is healthy, housed, educated and safe. Sign up for e-mail updates.
About us
History
What is Effective Advocacy?
Staff and Leadership
Financial Statements
Careers
Contact Us
Press Room
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Children's Issues
Community & Child Welfare
Early Care & Education
Financial & Food Stability
Health & Mental Health
Housing & Homelessness
Juvenile Justice & Youth
Get Involved
Act Now
Community Leadership Course
YouthAction NYC
Benefit Events
View All Events
connect with us
©
2020 CITIZENS' COMMITTEE FOR CHILDREN OF NEW YORK, INC.Designed by Big Duck