https://www.st-thomasmore.walsall.sch.uk/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The information on this page relates to this website only. It is additional to our data protection, privacy and GDPR policies which contain more information about how we use personal data.Who we areWe are St Thomas More Catholic School, Willenhall, UK. Our website address is: https://www.st-thomasmore.walsall.sch.uk/Personal data in our articlesNaturally, some of the articles on our website will contain personal data about members of our school community. We are legally required to publish some of this information (for example, information about governors and staff).Other information we share in order to celebrate successes and achievements of the school and individuals (where permission has been received).What other personal data we collect and who we share it withContact formsShould you use the contact forms to communicate with us, then the information you provide will be sent to us by email. This information is not stored on our web server.It might be necessary for us to share the information you provide, along with other data, with other individuals and organisations in order to carry out your request. This depends on the nature of your request. We might also share your data when we are legally required to do so.As emails can sometimes be intercepted and used by third-parties, the contact form should not be used for very sensitive or private communications.ReCAPTCHAIn order to verify that our contact forms are being used by humans, this site uses reCAPTCHA. The Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.CookiesThe cookies used by this site are to assist with functionality only and are deleted when you close your browser. No personal data is collected from the use of these cookies.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.What rights you have over your dataYou can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, safety or security purposes.Our contact informationPlease see our contact page for contact information.Additional informationFor further information please see our data protection, privacy and GDPR policies.
Taken from the latest issue of More News: Hello, as we return on Monday we will enter the season of Advent. This is a most important and special time of…Recent news and noticesCareers support is still up and running and we are planning a number of virtual events to help students understand,…Dear Parents and Carers of our Year 13 students, I hope you are all well. I know only too well…During most years, St Thomas More Catholic School signs up to a programme called NHS futures. This provides quality work…Happy birthday to the following students!Upcoming events
End of Autumn Term 2020
Thursday, December 17, 2020
Start of Spring Term
Monday, January 4, 2021
Staff Inset
Friday, January 29, 2021
Half term
Monday, February 15, 2021 - Friday, February 19, 2021
End of Spring Term
Thursday, April 1, 2021 View All Events
Scroll Up Top