http://www.commoncause.org/website-policies/
Take Action
Get Common Cause Updates
Get breaking news and updates from Common Cause.
Take Action
Join the thousands across the country who instantly rally when there is a threat to our democracy.
Volunteer
Join the thousands across the country who instantly rally when there is a threat to our democracy.
Donate
Make a contribution to support Common Cause today.
Home
In Your State
Our Impact
Our Work
Democracy Wire
Resources
Contact
Get Updates
Volunteer
Contribute
About Us
Media Center
Find Your State
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Montana
Nebraska
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Wisconsin
Jump to common cause national
Visit Common Cause Education Fund
Donate
Tax-Deductible Giving
Join Common Cause
Renew Your Membership
President’s Circle
Legacy Giving
More Ways to Give
In Your State
Take action
Find your representatives
Website and Data Use Policies
Your right to privacy is important to Common Cause. We are committed to maintaining your trust.
Website and Data Use Policies
Your right to privacy is important to Common Cause. We are committed to maintaining your trust.
Because Common Cause is committed to a policy of open and full transparency, information about our funding sources, including foundations and individual donors, is made available.  The names of donors who give $250 or more are available for public inspection at our Washington, DC office upon request, and may also be included in our annual report.  No addresses or specific information about donations will be provided.  Individuals who wish to make anonymous donations may do so by contacting Bette Marchant, Chief Financial Officer.
Common Cause may, from time to time, share the names and mailing addresses of our supporters with like-minded non-profit organizations.  If you do not wish to have your name shared in this manner, please contact our Membership Services Department at 202.833.1200.  We will never rent, share or sell your email address with any third party.
Donor Transparency Policy
Social Media Community Guidelines
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our email newsletters, take action, make a donation, register for an event or fill out a form.  When you do one of these activities on our website, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To process transactions
To send activists’ messages to targeted government officials or corporate leaders
To send periodic emails
Note: Common Cause does not send unsolicited email messages. If you wish to leave our CauseNet list, click on the link to Unsubscribe at the bottom of any message and you will be unsubscribed immediately. You may also contact us at grassroots@commoncause.org or 202.833.1200 to be removed from our mailing list.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.  All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database, only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Common Cause may, from time to time, share the names and mailing addresses of our members with like-minded non-profit organizations. If you do not wish to have your name shared in this manner, please contact our Membership Services Department at 202.833.1200. We will never rent, share or sell your email address with any third party.
Common Cause’s website is hosted by a third party service provider and therefore any personal details you submit through the Common Cause website may be processed by that third party service provider.  All third party service providers used by Common Cause will process your personal information only on Common Cause’s behalf and will be bound by this privacy policy and strict confidentiality conditions.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Copyright-Infringement Notification
If you have a copyright complaint, please follow the procedures set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Our agent for notice is Bette Marchant. The agent may be reached by phone at 202-833-1200 or by email at dmca@commoncause.org. Please direct your written correspondence to:
Bette Marchant
Common Cause
805 15th St NW, Suite 800
Washington, DC 20005
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website and privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Email: grassroots@commoncause.org
Mailing Address: 805 15th St NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20010
Phone: 202.833.1200
To view IRS Form 990 for Common Cause and Common Cause Education Fund, and audited financial statements, please click here.
Join the movement over 1.5 million strong for democracy
Demand a democracy that works for us. Sign up for breaking news and updates.