http://www.epic.org/privacy/terrorism/epic_press_release.txt
Electronic Privacy Information Center
666 Pennsylvania Avenue, S.E.
Washington, DC 20003
(202) 544-9240
info@epic.org
* P R E S S
R E L E A S E *
April 27, 1995
EPIC URGES SPECTER TO PROCEED CAUTIOUSLY
WASHINGTON -- In a letter sent today to Senator Arlen Specter,
the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a leading civil
liberties organization, urged the Congress to proceed cautiously
in the wake of the tragic bombing incident in Oklahoma.
EPIC
said that "any expansion of federal authority to investigate
political activity could have a profound impact upon
communication networks and the future of electronic democracy."
Senator Specter is holding hearings tomorrow on counter-terrorism
proposals.
The EPIC letter focused on the history of the Attorney
General guidelines which permit the government to conduct
investigations of domestic organizations.
The original
guidelines were issued in 1976 by Attorney General Edward Levi.
The "Levi Guidelines," as they came to be known, recognized the
FBI's legitimate investigative needs while seeking to protect the
First Amendment rights of dissident politic organizations.
The
Guidelines were promulgated in the wake of Watergate and the
revelations of the Senate's Church Committee investigation.
According to EPIC, the Levi Guidelines reflected the post-
Watergate consensus that the investigation of controversial or
unpopular political groups had at times been overzealous and had
violated fundamental constitutional rights.
In 1983 President Reagan's Attorney General, William French
Smith, issued a new set of guidelines that replaced the Levi
Guidelines.
The "Smith Guidelines" were far less restrictive
than the Levi Guidelines.
As President Reagan's FBI Director
William Webster said, the Smith Guidelines "should eliminate any
perceptions that actual or imminent commission of a violent crime
is a prerequisite to investigation."
The critical section of the Smith Guidelines cited in the
EPIC letter provides that "[a] domestic security/terrorism
investigation may be initiated when facts or circumstances
reasonably indicate that two or more persons are engaged in an
enterprise for the purpose of furthering political or social
goals wholly or in part through activities that involve force or
violence and a violation of the criminal laws of the United
States."
EPIC said that "the current guidelines provide the FBI with
ample authority to initiate investigations of organizations and
individuals similar to those alleged to have been involved in the
Oklahoma City bombing."
EPIC noted that public information
concerning paramilitary right-wing organizations in general --
and the Michigan Militia in particular -- has been readily
available to the FBI and other law enforcement agencies for some
time.
EPIC also noted that former Attorney General Griffin Bell
and former Assistant Attorney General Victoria Toensing have
recently expressed the view that the FBI possessed sufficient
authority under the Smith Guidelines to investigate and monitor
the activities of this organization and affiliated individuals.
Finally, EPIC urged Senator Specter to give similar careful
consideration to any proposals for the modification of the
wiretap statute or privacy statutes that would diminish the
freedoms that all American currently enjoy.
Earlier this year, EPIC recommended that Congress not
appropriate $500 million for a national wiretap program developed
by the FBI.
EPIC said that the program would increase the
vulnerability of the nation's communications infrastructure.
EPIC said today that it will continue to oppose funding of the
program.
-30-