http://www.purerave.com/privacy.php
Purerave
Privacy Policy
This policy does not cover information collected on sites linked from Purerave.com.
Purerave is committed to bringing you information that's tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, to protecting your privacy. The following is a summary of the various ways we treat the information you provide us while using our site.
Purerave only collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you register for our service, enter a contest, complete a survey, you are asked to provide information such as your email address, or name, or phone number. Optional information such as your age or gender may also be requested.
Purerave uses this information to provide you with the service you have requested. For example, when subscribing to a service we may use your email address to send you a confirmation notice. We may also use this information to send you regular email newsletters, informing you about new features, products or services, or other changes to the services, which concern you directly or indirectly.
Purerave does not sell or otherwise distribute any of our users' personal information. Period.
You may have read about "cookies," they are bits of information that are placed by a Web site in a storage place on your own computer. We use cookies only when you request a service dependant on cookies, such as the "auto-login" feature.
Our cookies do not contain any information that is, in itself, personally identifying.
If you don't want cookies, your Web browser likely includes an option that allows you not to accept them. Using that option will disable cookie dependant features of the service, such as the "auto-login" feature.
We will use our best effort to not transfer information that personally identifies you to anyone else without your knowledge and approval at the time it is collected from you. You will also have the opportunity then to indicate whether you wish to publicize your email address on the site for visitors to see. Please note, however, that we do not necessarily intend to contact you about matters that affect your use of the service.
Upon your request, we will assist you to review, to delete or to correct or update your personal information that you have previously provided. If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to our policy with respect to protecting your privacy, or if you have questions regarding the collecting or use of your personal information or regarding our privacy policy, please contact us. We will use all reasonable efforts to promptly address your concern.
Finally, while your individual information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.
Children: Purerave sites are not intended for use by children, especially those under age of 16. No one under the age of 16 is allowed to provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas, forums, and chats.
If your kids disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas or profiles, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so.
If you're worried about your kids' activities or their privacy on our sites, we encourage you to email us at help @ purerave.com.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; notice of changes will appear on this page, so check back often. Any such changes will be prospective, never retroactive.
If you have concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please email us at help @ purerave.com. We welcome your feedback.