http://www.bridetobe.com/privacy.asp
HOMEJOIN
NOWMY
LOGINBUSINESS
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
Bride To Be Media LLC
Bridetobe.com has updated its
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use,
effective May 25, 2018.
With these changes, Bride To Be Media
reaffirms its commitment to safeguarding
your privacy and keeping you informed on
how your personal data is collected,
stored, or used by us.
In particular, these updates address the
following:
Transparency. We
provide additional details about the
information we receive from you when
you visit our site, including
information about the cookies we
use.
Control. We explain
the choices and controls you have
over your information.
We encourage you to take the time to
review our revised
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Use. By continuing to use
our website on or after May 25, 2018,
you acknowledge our updated Privacy
Policy and agree to our updated Terms of
Use.
Should you have any questions or
concerns, please reach out to the Bride
To Be Media professional that usually
handles your matters or contact us at
support@bridetobe.com.
Privacy Policy
Bride To Be Media LLC / BrideToBe.com
This Privacy Policy describes the way that Bride To
Be Media LLP (“Bride To Be Media,” “we,” “us” or “our”)
collects and uses the personally and nonpersonally
identifiable information that it collects on the website
located at
Bridetobe.com and any other websites, mobiles apps,
or online services that Bride To Be Media owns and
controls (the “Sites”).
Information We Collect
We may collect two types of information about you
when you visit our Sites, contact us with questions or
seek an employment opportunity at Bride To Be Media: (1)
personally identifiable information (such as your name,
address, telephone number, e-mail address, education and
employment information), and (2) nonpersonal, aggregate
information (such as information regarding the pages on
our site you have visited).
Personally Identifiable Information
The only personally identifiable information that Bride
To Be Media collects and stores about you is the
information that you have chosen to provide to Bride To
Be Media. For example, you may submit information by
clicking on various links offered on our Sites, such as
on the “Contact” page, by contacting an individual Bride
To Be Media attorney via an e-mail address provided in a
hyperlink, or by subscribing to a newsletter or legal
alerts. In such instances, Bride To Be Media may collect
your name, address, e-mail address and other personal
information so that we can respond to your request or
question. We also may collect personally identifiable
information from you if you apply for a job via our
Sites.Nonpersonally Identifiable Information
Bride To Be Media also collects nonpersonally
identifiable information about your visit to our Sites.
This information is aggregated and cannot be used to
identify you personally.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use, and allow certain third parties to use,
cookies and other similar technologies to provide our
services and to help collect data. We, or third parties,
may use session cookies or persistent cookies. Session
cookies only last for the specific duration of your
visit and are deleted when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies remain on your device’s hard drive
until you delete them or they expire. Different cookies
are used to perform different functions, which we
explain below:
Essential. Some cookies are essential in
order to enable you to move around our Sites and use
their features, such as accessing secure areas of
the Sites. Without these cookies, we cannot enable
appropriate content based on the type of device you
are using.
Browsing and functionality. These cookies
allow us to remember choices you make on the Sites,
such as your preferred language, and provide
enhanced, more personalized features.
Performance and analytics. We use our own
cookies and third party cookies to see how you use
our Sites in order to enhance their performance and
develop them according to your preferences. We use
Google Analytics, for example, to track website
usage and activity. You can opt-out of the Google
Analytics Advertising Features we use by indicating
your preference using the interest-based opt-out
link here.
Google also provides a complete privacy policy and
instructions on opting-out of Google Analytics
here.
There are several ways to manage cookies. You can
instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to
indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature
on most browsers provide information on how to accept
cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving
a new cookie. Please note, however, that by blocking or
deleting cookies which are “strictly necessary,” you
will not be able to access certain features of our
Sites.
In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative also
offers a means to opt-out of a number of advertising
cookies. Please visit www.networkadvertising.org to
learn more. Note that opting-out does not mean you will
no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that
the company or companies from which you opted-out will
no longer deliver ads tailored to your preferences and
usage patterns.
Use of Your Information
1. Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information
Bride To Be Media uses the personally identifiable
information that is collected via its Sites primarily
for the following purposes:
To deliver requested information to you, such as
sending you newsletters or
merchandise or information regarding
educational seminars or other events that we believe
may be of interest to you.
To process your request for employment.
To complete any other transaction or service
requested by you.
To notify you about a material change to this
Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, if necessary.
If Bride To Be Media collects your personally
identifiable information for one of the purposes
described above, it may store such information on
its servers or in one (or more) of its databases. If
you do not want Bride To Be Media to use and store
your information in accordance with this policy,
please do not submit any personally identifiable
information to Bride To Be Media.
2. Use of Nonpersonally Identifiable Information
Bride To Be Media uses your nonpersonally
identifiable information to manage its Sites. Bride To
Be Media may analyze the data about visits to the Sites
to make them more accessible and interesting for
visitors. Bride To Be Media may share that data with
third parties, usually to provide services for Bride To
Be Media associated with the maintenance of the Sites.
Legal Bases for Processing
We base the above mentioned processing activities of
your personally identifiable information on the
following legal bases:
Processing for the purpose of delivering
requested information to you is based on your
consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 a) General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Processing for the purposes of handling requests
for employment, completing a transaction requested
by you, and notifying you about changes to our
policies is necessary to establish and fulfill a
contract with you
(Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 b) GDPR.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
1. Personally Identifiable Information
Bride To Be Media may share or disclose your
personally identifiable information in the following
instances:
To fulfill a service to you. For example, if you
choose to attend a webinar or other educational
seminar advertised or promoted by Bride To Be Media,
we may share your personally identifiable
information with a third party in order to provide
that service to you.
To process a request made by you. For example,
if you apply for a job via our Sites, we may share
your information with third-party headhunters or
other third parties in order to analyze and fulfill
your request for employment.
To unaffiliated third-party service providers,
agents or independent contractors who help us
maintain our Sites and provide other administrative
services to us (including, but not limited to,
maintaining and analyzing data and sending customer
communications on Bride To Be Media’s behalf). We
seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties
will not use the personally identifiable information
for any purpose other than to provide the
administrative services for which they are
responsible. Because such unaffiliated third-party
service providers that help us administer our Sites
will have access to users’ personally identifiable
information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated
third-party service providers to have access to your
information, please do not submit any personally
identifiable information to us.
To comply with the law or in the good faith
belief that such action is necessary in order to
conform to the requirements of law or comply with
legal process served on us, protect and defend our
rights or property, including the rights and
property of Bride To Be Media or act in urgent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of our
end users.
To third parties as part of any corporate
reorganization process including, but not limited
to, mergers, acquisitions and sales of all or
substantially all of our assets.
To track and analyze nonidentifying and
aggregate usage and volume statistical information
from our visitors and customers and provide such
information to third parties.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the
time we request the information, we do not otherwise
use, share or otherwise disclose your personally
identifiable information to any third parties.
2. Nonpersonally Identifiable Information
We use nonpersonally identifiable information
collected on the Sites in the manner disclosed above. We
may share this nonpersonally identifiable information
with third parties.
Choice
If you receive an e-mail communication from  Bride To
Be Media and you would prefer not to receive such an
e-mail communication, please either notify the sender of
that e-mail or follow the unsubscribe instructions in
the e-mail. Bride To Be Media will take reasonable
efforts to honor any such request and/or delete your
information from its managed databases, if applicable.
Third-Party Web Sites
This online privacy policy does not apply to the Web
sites of other companies, individuals or organizations
to which we may provide links. These Web sites may have
different policies relating to your privacy and
information they collect about you. Visitors should
consult other sites' privacy policies, as we have no
control over information that is submitted to, or
controlled by, third parties.
Bulletin Boards and Blogs
From time to time we may operate bulletin boards
and/or blogs that serve to provide visitors with
information. You are not required to submit any personal
information with a posting on a bulletin board or if you
leave a comment on a blog.
Assignment
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold
or acquired by another party, or in the event of a
merger, you grant Bride To Be Media the right to assign
the personally identifiable and nonpersonally
identifiable information collected via the Sites.
International Transfer of Information
If you choose to provide us with personally
identifiable information, it may be stored in the United
States and in other jurisdictions. If you are visiting
our Sites from the European Union or other regions with
laws governing data collection and use, please note that
your personally identifiable information may be
transferred to the United States, and to other
jurisdictions, which may not have the same data
protection laws as the European Union and may not afford
many of the rights conferred upon data subjects in the
European Union. You acknowledge that you understand: (i)
your personally identifiable information may be used for
the uses identified above in accordance with this
Privacy Policy; and (ii) your personally identifiable
information may be transferred to the United States, or
other jurisdictions as indicated above.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Bride To Be Media reserves the right to change this
privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will
also revise the “Last Updated” date at the bottom of
this privacy policy. For changes to this privacy policy
that may be materially less restrictive on our use or
disclosure of personally identifiable information that
you have provided to us, we send a notice to the primary
e-mail address that was provided to us by you and place
a prominent notice on our Sites.
Security
No data transmissions over the Internet can be
guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Consequently, Bride
To Be Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
information you transmit to us and you understand that
any information that you transfer to Bride To Be Media
is done at your own risk. Bride To Be Media has,
however, implemented firewalls to discourage
unauthorized access via the Internet.
Data Retention
We will keep your personal information for as long as
necessary to perform the purposes set out in this
Privacy Policy. Laws may require us to hold certain
information for specific periods.
Your Individual Rights
For residents of the European Union, you may be
entitled to ask us for a copy of your information, to
correct it, erase or restrict its processing, or ask us
to transfer some of this information to other
organizations. You may also have the right to object to
some processing activities and, where we have asked for
your consent to process your information, to withdraw
this consent. These rights may be limited in some
situations, for example, where we can demonstrate that
we have a legal requirement to process your information.
In some instances, this may mean that we are able to
retain your information even if you withdraw your
consent.
We hope we can satisfy any queries you may have about
the way we process your data. If you have any concerns
about how we process your data, or would like to opt-out
of receiving marketing communications, please contact us
at
support@Bridetobe.com.
For residents of the European Union, in the event you
have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to
complain to a data protection authority.
Special Policy Regarding Information from Children Under 13
Bride To Be Media and its Sites are not targeted to
children under the age of 13, or 16 in the European
Union, and Bride To Be Media does not knowingly collect
personally identifiable information from any child under
the age of 13, or 16 in the European Union, without
parental consent. If we become aware that such data has
been collected, we will delete it.
We hope you enjoy your visit to our Sites. If you
have any questions about the collection and use of
information via our Sites, please send an e-mail to
support@Bridetobe.com.
Dispute Resolution
By using the Sites, you and Bride To Be Media agree
that, if there is any controversy, claim, action, or
dispute arising out of or related to your use of the
Sites, or the breach, enforcement, interpretation, or
validity of this Privacy Policy or any part thereof
(“Dispute”), both parties shall first try in good faith
to settle such Dispute by providing written notice to
the other party describing the facts and circumstances
of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 30 days
in which to respond to or settle the Dispute. Notice
shall be sent to
Bride To Be Media LLC at
223 Wall Street, #299 Huntington,NY
11743
Both you and Bride To Be Media agree that this
dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent
that must be satisfied before initiating any litigation
or filing any claim against the other party.
IF ANY DISPUTE CANNOT BE RESOLVED BY THE ABOVE
DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURE, YOU AGREE THAT THE SOLE
AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR SUCH DISPUTE WILL BE
DECIDED BY BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.
ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL
NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE, THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY
TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A
CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. Other
rights that you and we would have in court will not be
available or will be more limited in arbitration,
including discovery and appeal rights. All such Disputes
shall be exclusively submitted to JAMS (www.jamsadr.com)
for binding arbitration under its rules then in effect
in the District of Columbia metropolitan area before one
arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local
court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to
resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the
interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or
formation of this Privacy Policy, including any claim
that all or any part of this Privacy Policy is void or
voidable.
Choice of Law and Forum
You agree that the laws of the District of Columbia
govern the Privacy Policy and any claim or dispute that
you may have against us, without regard to D.C.’s
conflict of laws rules. The parties acknowledge that
this Privacy Policy evidences a transaction involving
interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the foregoing with
respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration
conducted pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy
shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9
U.S.C., Secs. 1-16).
You further agree that any disputes or claims not
subject to the arbitration provision discussed above
shall be resolved by a court located in the District of
Columbia and you agree and submit to the exercise of
personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of
litigating any such claim or action. PLEASE NOTE THAT BY
AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU ARE: (1) WAIVING
CLAIMS THAT YOU MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE AGAINST US BASED ON
THE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING YOUR OWN; (2)
IRREVOCABLY CONSENTING TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF,
AND VENUE IN, STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS IN THE DISTRICT OF
COLUMBIA FOR ANY DISPUTES OR CLAIMS BROUGHT UNDER THIS
PROVISION; AND (3) SUBMITTING YOURSELF TO THE PERSONAL
JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED IN THE DISTRICT OF
COLUMBIA FOR THE PURPOSE OF RESOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTES
OR CLAIMS.
Last Updated: May 25, 2018
The Bride To Be ® Channel Network -
Copyright 1996-2018
Bride To Be ® / honeymoonchannel.com™ / 1800Bride2B.com ®
The Wedding Shopping Network™ / WeddingFashions.com™ are
registered United States Federal Trademarks.
All rights are reserved.
Wedding Professionals!  Advertise  with
The Bride To Be Channel ®
Career Business Opportunities