http://www.arbdates.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
This page explains ADR Expedite Inc.’s policies concerning the use and
disclosure of any personal information collected by this web site. These policies
form part of and should be read together with, the Terms
of Use for this site.
This web site collects certain personal information about participating arbitrators
and mediators supplied by them or on their behalf for the express purpose of
disclosing that information on and via this and any related web sites operated
by ADR Expedite Inc. (“ADRX”).
This web site collects from participating arbitrators and mediators the names
and email addresses of persons authorized by them to supply information about
them to this site. The site retains data about the visits during which information
about participating arbitrators and mediators is supplied to the site, to verify
that it was obtained from the subject or someone authorized by the subject
to provide such information to this site.
This web site does not collect the credit card numbers
used in the on-line purchase of services from ADRX. Credit card transactions
are completed through the secure servers of the site’s payment processor,
Stripe, whose privacy policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/ca/privacy.
This web site keeps a server log of resource request data, including
the apparent IP address origin of each page request, parameters included in
the page request URL, the date and time of the page request, the referring
web site (if any) and browser version information. Resource request data is
aggregated to provide statistics on the use of the site, to assist ADRX in
maintaining and improving this site. Except as indicated in the previous paragraphs
or as may be required by law, however, no personally identifiable usage or
other information gathered by this site will disclosed to any third party for
any purpose other than to deal with suspected attempts to interfere with the
content or operation of the site or other abuse or to otherwise ensure the
proper functioning of this web site.
If you have questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this
site or your dealings with this web site, you may contact:
ADR Expedite Inc.
admin@adrexpedite.com
Rev 2016-09-20
During the COVID-19 pandemic some arbitrators may only be conducting hearings and mediations by video or telephone conference.
If you are seeking an “in person” hearing or mediation on an arbitrator's available date, you should
discuss with that arbitrator whether s/he will conduct an “in person” hearing or mediation on that date.I understand - I do not need to see this again