http://www.tryjesus.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
This page includes the
Privacy Policy. For general Terms and Conditions regarding submission
of Life Stories, church content, general use of the site, the User
Agreement, Trademarks and Copyright information, and other legal
information, visit the Legal Information
and Terms and Conditions
pages.
The network of Web Sites
(collectively, the "CMG Web Sites") operated by Christian.com
Media Group, Inc., or its affiliates or subsidiaries ("CMG"
or "Christian.com Media Group"), is comprised of various
Web sites and Web pages. Christian.com Media Group, Inc. (CMG) is
committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. The following
online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally
identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified)
you provide to us online.
Awareness
CMG provides this online privacy policy to inform you of the way
your information is collected and used as well as to make you aware
of our security practices. We also provide you with the opportunity
to remove your name from our email mailing list, if you desire to
do so.
Information We Collect
There are three different ways in which we collect information from
visitors on CMG Web Sites:
1. From online requests
for information (i.e. e-mail newsletters, contact forms, etc.);
2. From online requests for materials or orders from us (i.e.purchasing
a product, or committing your life to Christ.); From user-submitted
information for possible inclusion on the website (i.e., Life Stories
or church information).
The information we collect
online may include name, address, city, state, ZIP/postal code,
telephone number, e-mail address, and, in the case of online shopping,
credit card number and expiration date. In order to continuously
improve our service to you and tailor our future communications
to you, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding
your demographics, comments, professional interests, and contact
preferences.
How the Information is
Used
CMG uses your information to understand your needs and provide you
with better online service. We may use your information to complete
a transaction or to personalize our Web site for you. If you so
desire, we may also use this information to update you on projects
and activities. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing
and are not retained for any other purposes. We also provide you
the opportunity to remove your name from our email mailing list,
if you desire to do so. Please review the corresponding section
of this privacy policy below.
In addition, CMG will
not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may
periodically send you e-mail announcing news. If you choose to supply
your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings
from us as well.
No Sharing of Personal
Information
CMG never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information
with other organizations. CMG assures you that the identity of all
who contact us through this Web site will be kept confidential.
CMG may occasionally send mailings on behalf of other organizations
or ministries when their interests align with CMG. Use of your personal
information will be limited to further the activities of CMG and
its partner organizations.
Security
CMG is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure
the proper use of information, we have established and implemented
appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard
and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
From time to time, we may send a "cookie" to your computer.
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from
a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie
can't read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created
by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies
to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which
areas of our network of Web sites you have visited (i.e. e-commerce
sites, etc.). We may use this information to better personalize
the content you see on our sites.
Many Web sites place
cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies
by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse
all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose
not to accept these cookies, your experience at CMG Web Sites and
other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work
as intended.
Children's Online Privacy
We are concerned about the privacy of young children and do not
knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13.
We encourage you to become involved with your child's access to
the Internet and to our site in order to ensure that his or her
privacy is well protected.
To read more about online
safety and how to become more involved with your child's online
experience, visit the Federal Trade Commission Web site. You may
also benefit from the information and resources available on ProtectKids.com.
Links to Outside Sites
This Web site links to documents located on Web sites maintained
by other organizations or individuals. Once you access a link to
another Web site, please be aware that CMG is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Removing Your Name from
Our Email List
We give you the opportunity to remove your name from our email mailing
list so that you do not receive any future communications from our
ministry. If you desire to permanently remove your name, you can
e-mail info@tryjesus.com. If you determine that our information
about you is inaccurate or it has changed, you may modify information
by sending an e-mail to info@tryjesus.com.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about our online privacy policy
or would like more information about CMG please send an e-mail to
info@tryjesus.com.