https://www.thanos.org/en/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which International Federation of Thanatologists Associations FIAT-IFTA collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from user of the https://www.thanos.org. If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
International Federation of Thanatologists Associations FIAT-IFTA may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our SiteWe may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Electronic newsletters
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
International Federation of Thanatologists Associations FIAT-IFTA has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on February 14, 2018
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email.
At www.thanos.org we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by www.thanos.org and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.thanos.org makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.thanos.org uses cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on Wednesday, February 14th, 2018.Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Global members
FIAT-IFTA is the only internationally governed funeral Federation with National, Active And Associate Members in more than 80 countries.
Find a member nearby Become a member
Stay up to date
Subscribe to our newsletter and receive the latest funeral news.
Subscribe
Login
Username (email address)
Password
Forgot password?
Login
modal-sub-text
Retrieve a lost password
Email address
Submit
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter and receive the latest funeral news and Thanos Magazine for free.
Username (email address)
Name:
Company
Subscribe
Not a member yet? Become a member