https://www.aware.org/privacy-policy/
Resources
Quizzes
Quiz – Self Protection
Quiz: Stalking
Favorite Links
Suggested Resources – Stalking
Suggested Resources – Personal Safety
Firearms
Firearm Instruction
Books
Suggested Books: Personal Safety
Suggested Books: Stalking
Suggested Books: Children & Teens
Suggested Books: Firearms
Legal Articles
Women & Guns Articles
Blog
Video
Self-Defense
Self Defense is Important
Why Should You Care?
Is self-defense OK?
Should You? Could You?
Crimes
Carjacking
Children
Cyber Crimes
Domestic Violence
Purse Snatching
Sexual Assault
Stalking
Threats
Tools and Techniques
Your Brain
Pepper Sprays
Alarms & Whistles
Dogs
Firearms Information
Improvised Weapons
Martial Arts
Persuader-Kubotan
Stun Guns and Tasers
Unarmed Fighting
Privacy Policy
Aware/Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us.  This statement will help you understand how AWARE collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information that you may provide on our web site (or through other types of contacts).
We do not collect personally identifiable information on our web site or otherwise unless you choose to give it to us via an electronic mail message, a phone call, or by postal mail.  Even when you choose to give us information, we keep it confidential.
We maintain some records of individuals who contact us in case we need to contact you later or provide further information to you in the future.  However, we do not provide this information to anyone else unless you give us your permission.  We do not rent, sell, or share our mailing list, email addresses, or any other personal information with any other organizations.
Occasionally we are asked by the media to provide names of individuals who have experienced particular situations.  We do not share such names or other identifying information unless you specifically authorize us to do so.
Our web site operates with cookies in conjunction with your web browser’s cache, to help enhance your experience on our site, no personal user information is obtained or stored. The server of our Internet Service Provider collects information about the date and time in which our web site was accessed and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked to our site.  We use this information only to analyze web traffic.  You should be aware that communications on the Internet, such as email, are not considered private and may be intercepted.
This statement may be changed in the future.  Please check occasionally for updates.
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.