http://www.childrenslawcenter.org/content/privacy-policy
Click here for resources to support children and families during COVID-19.
x
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Download a copy of our privacy policy here.
Last Updated April 15, 2010
The Children’s Law Center (“CLC”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  Please read this Privacy Policy, as well as the Terms of Use Agreement for more details about how we use the information you submit to the CLC website, www.childrenslawcenter.org (the “Website”).  This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of Use Agreement constitute the entire agreement between you (“the User”) and the CLC relating to the Website.  This Privacy Policy sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with the Website. By accessing the Website, you acknowledge that you fully understand CLC's Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Policy.
1.      INFORMATION WE COLLECT
CLC collects certain information from and about its Users three ways:directly from our Web Server logs, with Cookies and directly from the User.
A.    Web Server Logs
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the siteand analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include: your Internet protocol address; the kind of browser or computer you use; the number of links you click within the site; the state or country from which you accessed the site; the date and time of your visit; the name of your Internet service provider; the web page you linked to our site from; and/or the pages you viewed on the site (collectively “Usage Data”).  The Usage Data is statistical information that is not identified with any particular user.
B.    Use of Cookies
CLC may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience.  A “cookie” is a small text file that is stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. The use of cookies enables CLC to obtain information about your use of the Website, such as whether you have visited the Website more than once and how you found us.Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.  Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience featureto save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.  This simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
Users have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser setting then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
C.    Personal Information
You can visit the Website without disclosing any personal information about yourself.  However, to sign up for the newsletter, send an email to CLC, donate via the Website, and, in some cases, participate in other activities (“Services”), you must provide accurate information about yourself to the Website.  Information CLC may collect from Users include: the User’s name, postal address, home, office and mobile telephone numbers, email address, content of your email, credit or debit card information, job title, and employer information (“Personal Data”).
To collect, store, organize and use your Personal Data, CLC may utilize fundraising software, such as Donor Perfect software.
2.    THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from youto third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary, including:  to protect ourselves from liability; to respond to legal process or comply with law; or in connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of CLC.
To evaluate the Website, CLC may collect, store and analyze statistical information such as Usage Data.  CLC may also use your Personal Data to develop demographic information regarding its Website users.  Such aggregated Usage Data and Personal Data will not identify you personally.  CLC may share this aggregated information with our partners, sponsors, affiliates and other third-parties.
If you provide your postal address, telephone number, or email address to the CLC online, you may receive any of the following periodic contacts from CLC:·    Mailing or telephone contact to invite you to support or volunteer for CLC; to help CLC achieve its mission; to provide information about CLC’s programs and events·    Email contact to respond to your questions, comments or suggestions; alert you to CLC news updates and programs; invite you to CLC events; invite you to help CLC achieve its mission; or to support or volunteer for CLC.If you would like to opt out of any or all of these types of contacts, please send us an email at outreach@childrenslawcenter.org    3.    THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Some Website pages contain links that may direct you outside of our Website to other Internet locations, such as third party websites.  You should be aware that such third parties may collect data from or about you, which is beyond CLC’s control.  CLC is not responsible for any use or misuse of personal information by such third parties.  Werecommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
4.    SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
CLC is concerned with the safety and security of your Personal Data on the internet and have implemented procedures to promote the safety and security of the information we collect online. CLC employs industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your Personal Data, including using industry-standard security encryption software (SSL).  While on a secure page, such as our donation pages, the lock icon at the bottom of web browsers (i.e., Microsoft Internet Explorer) appears locked.  If not locked, any information a User submits is not secure, and CLC will not be responsible for the loss of theft of such Personal Data.
Although CLC takes steps to protect the security of your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
5.    CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
None of the content and information on this Website is targeted towards children under 13 years of age.
6.    EFFECTIVE DATE NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above.  CLC reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.  Changes to our Privacy Policy shall become effective as of the date they are posted to the Website.  Please review this Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms.
7.    ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
Users have a right to access and correct a User’s contact information collected from you by CLC.  If you want to view your contact or donation information or if you would like to contest the accuracy or completeness of this information (such as your address, phone, e-mail address, etc.), contact: outreach@childrenslawcenter.org.