http://www.csa.edu.au/terms/
Home » Terms
Bible verse of the dayI am the living bread that came down from heaven. Whoever eats this bread will live forever. This bread is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.John 6:51Terms & ConditionsCopyright This site and its contents are subject to copyright. The site material copyright is owned by Christian Schools Australia, or in the case of some material, a third party. You may view this site and its contents using your web browser and electronically copy and print hard copies of parts of this site solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of this site is strictly prohibited. Materials on the site are generally provided in accordance with the CSA Shared Use Licence. Trademarks This site includes registered trademarks, and other trademarks that are otherwise protected by law. Except as expressly authorised, the use or misuse of any of these trademarks is strictly prohibited. Included Trademarks and Registered Trademarks are Trademarks of their respective owners. Disclaimer You agree that your access to, and use of, this site is subject to these terms and all applicable laws, and is at your own risk. This site and its contents are provided to you on “as is” basis, the site may contain errors, faults and inaccuracies and may not be complete and current. Christian Schools Australia makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws. Neither Christian Schools Australia, nor its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns will be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site. This limitation applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information. Viruses Christian Schools Australia cannot guarantee that any file or program available for download and/or execution from or via this site is free from viruses or other conditions, which could damage or interfere with data, hardware or software with which it might be used. You assume all risk of use of all programs and files on this site, and you release Christian Schools Australia entirely of all responsibility for any consequences of its use. Third Party Sites This site may contain links to third party sites. Christian Schools Australia is not responsible for the condition or content of those sites as they are not under Christian Schools Australia control. You access those sites and/or use the site’s products and services solely at your own risk. The links are provided solely for your convenience and do not indicate, expressly or implied, an endorsement by Christian Schools Australia of the sites or the products or services provided on the site. Christian Schools Australia does not permit any linkages to this site without prior permission. Applicable Law This site is controlled by Christian Schools Australia. Your use of this site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of New South Wales, Australia. Disputes arising from your use of this site are exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia. This site may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas. Christian Schools Australia makes no representations that the content of this site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia. If you access this site from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws in the place where you access the site. Privacy Christian Schools Australia highly value the strong relationships we have with our customers. The collection of data at Christian Schools Australia is being handled with full and proper respect for the privacy of our customers. The data we collect is handled sensitively, securely and with proper regard to privacy. Christian Schools Australia does not disclose, distribute or sell the data we collect from our clients to third parties.  Our general privacy policy can be viewed here. This site uses a feature of your web browser known as “cookies” to store information and identify you to the system while your on a session. No personal details are contained in the cookies. We use Google Analytics to track social shares made at our website. Google automatically collect and store certain information in their server logs which includes device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL, cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account, in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy We embed a Facebook widget to allow you to see number of likes/shares/recommends and “like/share/recommend” our webpages. This widget may collect your IP address, your web browser User Agent, store and retrieve cookies on your browser, embed additional tracking, and monitor your interaction with the widget, including correlating your Facebook account with whatever action you take within the widget (such as “liking/sharing/recommending” our webpage), if you are logged in to Facebook. For more information about how this data may be used, please see Facebook’s data privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update We use a Twitter Tweet widget at our website. As a result, our website makes requests to Twitter’s servers for you to be able to tweet our webpages using your Twitter account. These requests make your IP address visible to Twitter, who may use it in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://twitter.com/en/privacy#update We use a GooglePlus widget at our website. As a result, our website makes requests to Google’s servers for you to be able to share our webpages using your GooglePlus account. These requests make your IP address visible to Google, who may use it in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy We use a Linkedin Share widget at our website to allow you to share our webpages on Linkedin. These requests may track your IP address in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Menu
This website uses cookies to improve your experience I Understand --- To learn about our Privacy Policy,Click HerePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
NecessaryAlways Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ] WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close