http://www.abcny.org/privacy-policy
About
Media
For the Public
Find a Lawyer
Customer Relations
Log In
search
150th Anniversary
Issues & Policy
Serving the Community
Member, Committee & Career Center
CLE & Events
Coronavirus Update
The City Bar’s building is open on a limited, appointment-only basis. To schedule a visit, and for the latest on how the City Bar is responding to the coronavirus, click here.
Privacy Policy
Share
Email
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Google +
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how The Association of the Bar of the City of New York (“NYCBAR”) processes and uses your personal information. Any changes in our Privacy Policy will be posted here. Users are responsible for reviewing the Privacy Policy as posted at the time of use. By visiting or using any NYCBAR website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our websites or services enabled by the websites.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact Customerrelations@nycbar.org.
NYCBAR Network
This section contains the policy governing webpages, newsletters, “communities” and other discussion forums, applications and lists operated by NYCBAR (the “NYCBAR Network”).
What information are we collecting and how are we collecting it?
When you order products or services, participate in surveys and other online activities, or apply for a job through NYCBAR websites, we may ask you to provide personal information to complete these transactions. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include contact information such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address; and other unique information such as user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card information, product and service preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data. In addition to the information you provide to us, NYCBAR may also collect information during your visit to the NYCBAR Network through our automatic data collection tools (“Data Collection Tools”), which include cookies, embedded Web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools. These Data Collection Tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived at the NYCBAR Network. These Data Collection Tools may also collect information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, clickstream behavior and product information. When a visitor requests a page from any web site within the NYCBAR Network, our web servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. NYCBAR also collects information from credible third-party commercially available sources. This information may include your name, address, email address and demographic data which may be may be used along with the information NYCBAR collects when you visit the NYCBAR Network.
How does NYCBAR use your information?
NYCBAR may use your information in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, the following:
Providing and improving the quality of goods, programs and services;
Enrolling you in NYCBAR membership and collecting dues and other payments;
Providing information to members and others who have participated in, or otherwise expressed an interest in, NYCBAR activities;
Responding to inquiries;
Sharing information with certain third parties to provide you with goods and services that may be relevant to City Bar members;
Providing contact information in the NYCBAR member directory, in the NYCBAR communities and for specific purposes on the website; and
Conducting surveys.
NYCBAR also provides contact information on its website of members who have provided that information, and the contact information is accessible on the password-protected portion of the website designed for members-only access. Members may edit the contact, biographic and demographic information in the NYCBAR database, and each individual member's data is accessible to that member, through use of that member's password.
Credit card information is not used for any purpose other than payment processing and fraud prevention. In addition, credit card information and other sensitive personal information required to process a credit decision is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or NYCBAR and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services, unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases.
Does NYCBAR provide links to third-party websites?
The NYCBAR Network may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the NYCBAR Network. NYCBAR does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from NYCBAR’s practices. The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by the NYCBAR Privacy Policy, and NYCBAR is not responsible for any information you elect to submit in these venues or the use of such information. Please note that any information that you post to public bulletin board or chat room is accessible to all persons accessing that location. In addition, NYCBAR is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any of these third parties.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
From time to time, the NYCBAR Network may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. We use cookies to identify which areas of the NYCBAR Network you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit us, those pages may be readily accessible. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
What are embedded web links and how do we use them?
Some emails from NYCBAR may use links designed to lead you to a relevant area on the Web. The redirection system allows NYCBAR to change the destination URL of these links, if necessary, and to determine the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives. In emails, such web links may also allow NYCBAR to determine whether you have clicked a link in an email, and this information about the interaction may be connected to your personal identity. If you do not want NYCBAR to collect information about the links that you click, you can: (1) change your choice about how you receive communications from NYCBAR (i.e. choose a text-based version of the message where available); or (2) choose not to click links in an email that NYCBAR sends.
Will we disclose the information we collect to outside third parties?
NYCBAR will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others except as described in this Privacy Policy. NYCBAR shares personal information in the following ways:
(1) NYCBAR retains service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions and to assist NYCBAR with marketing and communication initiatives. Suppliers and service providers are required to keep confidential the information received on behalf of NYCBAR and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for NYCBAR.
(2) Except as described in this Privacy Policy, NYCBAR will not share the personal information you provide to NYCBAR with non-NYCBAR third parties without your permission, unless to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, or court order, (ii) respond to authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities; or (iii) protect the NYCBAR or the personal safety of NYCBAR staff, members or third parties.
How do I select privacy preferences?
You may opt out of receiving communications from NYCBAR by using one of the following methods:
(1) Select the email "opt out" or "unsubscribe" link, or follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication;
(2) Return to the NYCBAR webpages where you originally registered your preferences and follow the opt-out instructions;
(3) Write to NYCBAR at the address below, or send an email to Customerrelations@nycbar.org. Be sure to provide your name, email and postal address, and specific relevant information about the NYCBAR communications that you no longer wish to receive.
Please note that when you opt out of receiving certain communications, it may affect the services you have chosen to receive from NYCBAR where accepting the communications is a condition of receiving the services.
How do we keep your personal information secure?
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, NYCBAR utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect. NYCBAR uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information such as credit card information. Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments and are not used for other purposes.
Our postal address is:
New York City Bar Association, attn: Customer Service 42 West 44th Street, New York, NY 10036
We can be reached via e-mail here, or you can reach us by telephone at 212-382-6663.
Legal Referral Service
What does the LRS website contain?
The content on the LRS website is provided as a service to the public by the NYCBAR’s Legal Referral Service (“LRS”). The LRS website may be used to learn about our services, programs and common legal issues, request information and legal services, and register for mailing lists.
Nothing on this website constitutes legal advice. LRS makes no representation with regard to the accuracy, reliability or suitability of the information on this site. Users of this website may not remove information that identifies the source of any reports or other content and may not reproduce its content for commercial purposes or without proper attribution.
What can you submit? What do we collect? How do we share or release it?
When you request legal services, you submit information which we may share with NYCBAR employees, agents, or vendors, LRS panel attorneys and LRS Committee members.
All information you provide in your request for legal services will be treated as confidential communications made for the purpose of facilitating the rendering of professional legal services. We will preserve the confidentiality of all such information unless otherwise required by law. We may use this information to publish demographical data in the aggregate.
LRS may utilize the services of one or more third party data subprocessors or vendors who will collect, store, and use your Customer Data in order to help us provide optimal services to members and the public. “Customer Data” consists of information made available to the vendor through your use of our services, which includes information such as your name, contact information, location data, billing records, call or messaging logs, and traffic routing information, as well as the content of communications sent through or integrated with the vendor’s services, such as audio recordings, message bodies, and call recording transcriptions. LRS will not use any vendor’s services in any manner that violates any data protection laws and any other applicable laws and regulations, including those governing the making and sending of calls and text messages.
We will release personal information under the following circumstances: (1) where required by law or regulation or requested by a governmental agency conducting investigations or proceedings; (2) to report any illegal activity; (3) to enforce the website’s terms of use; or (3) to respond to an emergency.
In addition, LRS may collect nonpersonal information through use of cookies, which are small pieces of information used to recognize repeat visitors and help provide access to the content of the LRS website. LRS may make this information available to third parties for marketing and research purposes.
Can I register to receive emails?
LRS may provide the opportunity for individuals to join electronic mailing lists or similar online activities, such as social media. Mass e-mails transmitted by LRS allow the recipient to unsubscribe.
What about other links on the website?
LRS provides other links on the LRS website as a convenience to users. LRS does not endorse nor makes any representations or warranties regarding any of the linked websites, the content of the sites or the product and services offered through these sites. LRS is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any website linked through the LRS website.
Can I restrict the use of my information?
Yes. If you would like us to restrict the use of your contact information, please contact us at Customerrelations@nycbar.org.
What can I do with your intellectual property?
Content made available on the website is protected by copyright, and, except as set forth below, the use of any content available on the website is strictly prohibited. No content from the website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without written permission of the rights owner, except that you may use it purposely made available by us for downloading from the website, provided that you (1) keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, (2) use such information pursuant to any licenses associated with such content, (3) do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (4) make no modifications to any such information, and (5) do not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such information.
Any unauthorized use or modification of any of the content available on the website is a violation of the copyrights and other proprietary rights of the LRS or other copyright owners where so indicated. Permission for all other uses of content contained herein, including reproducing and distributing multiple copies or using content on any other website or linking to any page at the website except the homepage must be obtained from us or the appropriate rights owner in advance; otherwise, such use is prohibited. Requests for such authorization from us should be submitted via email to Lauren Axelrod at laxelrod@nycbar.org.
The LRS logo used on this website is a trademark of LRS. The LRS name and logo may not be used in any publicity or advertising, or in any way that expresses or implies endorsement, sponsorship or affiliation with any entity, product or service, without the written permission of LRS. All rights in the trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and designs of LRS or third parties whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol, belong exclusively to us or their respective owners and are protected under national and international trademark and copyright laws. You are not permitted to reproduce, download or otherwise use such trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and designs without the prior express written consent of the owner of such mark. The LRS name and logo may not be used in any publicity or advertising, or in any way that expresses or implies endorsement, sponsorship or affiliation with any entity, product or service, without the written permission of LRS.
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(2), LRS’s designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement is: Lauren Axelrod, New York City Bar Association, 42 West 44th St., New York, NY 10036.
Featured
Dec 11, 2020
Event
(Webcast) What's Your Legacy?
Dec 11, 2020
Event
(Virtual) Weekly Mindfulness Breaks
Dec 8, 2020
City Bar In The News
The Importance of the Rule of Law (New York Law Journal)
Dec 14, 2020
CLE
(Webcast) How to Start Your Own Law Firm
Dec 15, 2020
Event
(Webcast) Prison Reform and Beyond Incarceration
New York City Bar On Twitter
Tweets by @NYCBarCom
© 2020 Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
42 West 44th Street, New York, NY 10036 | 212.382.6600
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Event Space Rental
Advertise with Us
Customer Relations
Contact