https://www.ewb-usa.org/privacy
Donate
Volunteer
About Us
Mission & History
Financials
Our Team
Partners
Corporate Leadership Council
Our Work
Approach & Solutions
Country OfficesDesignBuildConsult
Where We Work
Impact
Education and Knowledge Sharing
EWB-USA’s Response to COVID-19
Programs
International Community ProgramDesignBuild
Engineering Service CorpsConsult
Community Engineering CorpsConsult
Request Engineering Services
Get Involved
Volunteer
Find a Chapter
Licensure
Corporate Engagement
2020 EWB-USA Conference
Stay Connected
News & Stories
The Water Cooler
Volunteer Village
EWB-USA Store
Contact Us
1031 33rd Street, Ste 210›Denver, Colorado 80205›303-772-2723›info@ewb-usa.org
Site Map
Privacy
Terms
Use of the EWB-USA Web Site (“Site”) is subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use set forth herein. In using or accessing this website, you signify your agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. You further agree that you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws and regulations related to your use or access of this Site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to download any of the materials (information or software) on Engineers Without Borders USA’s web site solely for your personal, non-commercial use. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify the materials without the written consent of EWB-USA;
use the materials for any commercial purpose;
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Engineers Without Borders USA’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials;
or
transfer the materials or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Engineers Without Borders USA for any reason at any time.
Disclaimer
The materials on Engineers Without Borders USA’s web site are provided “as is”. Engineers Without Borders USA makes no warranties, expressed or implied, about this Site or any content contained therein and hereby expressly disclaims and negates all warranties, including without limitation, any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Engineers Without Borders USA makes no warranties or representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this Site, and your reliance on this Site or any information therein is strictly at your own risk and responsibility.
Limitations
In no event shall Engineers Without Borders USA or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on this Site, even if Engineers Without Borders USA or an Engineers Without Borders USA authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Engineers Without Borders USA’s web site may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Engineers Without Borders USA does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Engineers Without Borders USA may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Engineers Without Borders USA does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Engineers Without Borders USA has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Engineers Without Borders USA of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Engineers Without Borders USA may revise these terms of use for its Site at any time without notice. By using this Site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to Engineers Without Borders USA’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Third-Party Links and Contents
Our Site and/or Service, or communications you receive from our Site and/or Service may include third-party content or links to third-party websites that we do not control, maintain or endorse. Accessing those third-party sites requires you to leave the Site and/or Service. We do not control those third-party sites or any of the content contained therein and you expressly acknowledge and agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third-party sites, including, without limitation, their content, policies, failures, promotions, products, services, actions, and/or any damages, losses, failures or problems caused by, related to or arising from those third parties or their sites. YOUR CORRESPONDENCE AND BUSINESS DEALINGS WITH OTHERS FOUND ON OR THROUGH THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE PAYMENT AND DELIVERY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, AND ANY TERMS, CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH ANY SUCH DIALINGS, ARE SOLELY BETWEEN YOU AND THE THIRD-PARTY. EWB-USA ENCOURAGES YOU TO REVIEW ALL POLICIES, RULES, TERMS AND REGULATIONS, INCLUDING THE PRIVACY POLICIES AND TERMS OF USE OF EACH AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SITE THAT YOU VISIT.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
EWB-USA will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. EWB-USA may collect statistical information concerning data usage or site access, but this will be reported only in the aggregate and will not contain any personally identifying information.
When asking a member or visitor to provide personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only collect personal data that is relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
Personally identifiable information is stored on our server and is not publicly accessible. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Additionally, sensitive data such as credit card numbers are encrypted using SSL and other industry standard measures, to provide an additional level of security.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
REGARDLESS OF THE PRECAUTIONS TAKEN BY YOU OR BY EWB-USA, “PERFECT SECURITY” DOES NOT EXIST ON THE INTERNET. EWB-USA CANNOT ENSURE OR WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO THIS SITE OR to EWB-USA, AND YOU TRANSMIT SUCH INFORMATION SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
If you have registered to receive email communications from us and later change your mind, you may contact us to have your name removed from our distribution lists. You are also welcome to verify the data we have received from you and request corrections to it. For either of these requests, you may contact communications@ewb-usa.org. You can also request changes by sending mail to Engineers Without Borders USA, 1031 33rd Street, Ste. 210, Denver, Colorado 80205.
PrivacySite Map
1031 33rd Street, Ste 210›Denver, Colorado 80205›303-772-2723›
© 2020. Engineers Without Borders USA is a 501(c)3 organization and a member of Engineers Without Borders International.DISCLAIMER : Engineers Without Borders USA is not in any way affiliated with Doctors Without Borders, which is a registered trademark of Bureau International de Médecins Sans Frontières.