http://www.sedl.org/about/termsofuse.html#access
About SEDL - Terms of Use
Skip to content
SEDL merged with the American Institutes for Research (AIR) in 2015. This archived website contains the work of SEDL
legacy projects and rich resources from the past 50 years.
Search
Search
Toggle navigation
RESOURCES
Resource Search
Free Resources
Store
ABOUT US
About SEDL
History Timeline
Merger with AIR
Austin Office
CONTACT US
TERMS OF USE
Search
Search
Home | About Us | Terms of Use
Terms of Use
American Institutes for Research (AIR) makes every reasonable attempt to keep its information
as accurate as possible, but
unintentional errors and changes may occur. Information is subject to change without notice.
We do not assume responsibility for any errors, or for use or misuse of any information
on this Web site or on linked sites. All information and content on the sedl.org Web site is
furnished "as is" without any warranty of any kind, express or implied.
Copyright
Click here to access the sedl.org Copyright Request Form.
Unless otherwise specified, all pages and information are copyrighted by AIR.
All graphics are the property of AIR or the respective copyright holder and may not be duplicated without prior
written permission.
Other trademarks are the properties of the respective owners, and may or may not be used under license.
Some publications may be based on work sponsored wholly, or in part, by U.S. government contracts.
The contents of these publications do not necessarily reflect the views of the U.S. government.
Terms of Use
Permission is granted to reproduce, store, or distribute the materials appearing on this Web site with the following conditions:
Materials may be reproduced, stored, or distributed for
informational and educational uses. Commercial use of any of the
content of www.sedl.org is strictly prohibited.
Materials may not be modified, altered or edited in any way
without the express permission of SEDL.
Please contact AIR at copyright_PS@air.org.
This copyright page for terms
of use must be included with any materials from this Web site
that are reproduced, stored, or distributed, except for personal
use.
SEDL must be notified
when materials are reproduced, stored, or distributed, except
for personal use.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Links to Third Party Sites
Many links on this Web site will let you leave the sedl.org site. The linked sites are not under the control of AIR, and AIR is not
responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. AIR
is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by AIR of the site.
Privacy Policy
AIR will not disclose your identity or personal information to third parties except when following your instructions (e.g. when
you request information from an entity, we pass your name and email address to the entity so that they can reply to you).
The collection, maintenance and use of the personal information you submit via this website is protected
under provisions of the Privacy Act of 1974. As such, all personally identifiable information you provide
shall be treated as confidential, shall be used only for the purposes for which it was intended and
shall be protected from unauthorized disclosure to the full extent permitted by the Act.
The sedl.org site uses "cookies" that are saved to your Web browser in some areas of the site. These cookies are used only
to enhance and personalize your experience on the sedl.org site and to reduce redundant data entry on your part.
Universal Accessibility
The SEDL Web site has been designed with attention to the needs of
the visually impaired. SEDL pages have been evaluated for accessibility.
About Us
About SEDL
History Timeline
Merger with AIR
Austin Office
Contact Us
Terms of Use
American Institutes for Research (AIR)
1000 Thomas Jefferson Street NW
Washington, DC 20007-3835
(202) 403-5000 | www.air.org
Contact |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy
Copyright ©2020 American Institutes for Research.
Search
Search