http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1998/12.98
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021
December 1998
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York City; Steven
Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York City;
Arthur J. Levy, Esq., Brooklyn, N.Y.; Mark Major, Esq., Long
Island, New York; Sharon McGowan, Harvard Law Student, Cambridge,
Massachusetts; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., Queens, New York; Daniel R
Schaffer, New York City; Dirk Williams, Esq., Boston,
Massachusetts; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London,
England; Leo Wong, New York Law School Student.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1998 by the LeGaL Foundation of the Lesbian & Gay Law
Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
GEORGIA SUPREME COURT DUMPS SODOMY LAW; FINDS STATE PRIVACY
VIOLATION
The Georgia Supreme Court ruled on Nov. 23 that the state's felony
sodomy law, OCGA sec. 16-6-2(a), which authorized up to 20 years of
imprisonment for anybody convicted of engaging in oral or anal sex
regardless of consent, violates the Georgia constitutional right of
privacy.
_Powell v. State_, 1998 WL 804568.
The statute that the
court struck down is the same one that was upheld by the U.S.
Supreme Court in its infamous decision in _Bowers v. Hardwick_, 478
U.S. 186 (1986).
Although the ruling came in a heterosexual sodomy
case, the invalidation of the statute, which does not distinguish
between heterosexual and homosexual conduct, appears total.
This new challenge to the Georgia sodomy law arose from the
prosecution of Anthony San Juan Powell, who was charged with rape
and aggravated sodomy against his wife's 17-year old niece.
Powell
testified that their sexual activity, which included cunnilingus,
was consensual.
At the conclusion of the trial, the judge charged
the jury that even if they believed Powell's testimony, they could
convict him of consensual sodomy under Georgia criminal law.
The
jury convicted Powell of consensual sodomy, and he appealed.
The opinion for the court by Chief Justice Robert Benham based the
decision on a little-known ruling, _Pavesich v. New England Life
Insurance Co._, 50 S.E. 68 (Ga. 1905), which was described as the
first decision by a state high court to find a constitutional right
of privacy to be implied by a general guarantee of due process of
law.
In that case, the Georgia court held that a man had a claim
for invasion of privacy under the state constitution against a life
insurance company that had used his photograph in a newspaper
advertisement without his permission.
In the course of its 1905 decision, the court used sweeping
rhetoric to describe a fundamental right of privacy embedded in the
guarantee of due process of law in the state's constitution.
Tracing the right of privacy back to ancient Roman law, the court
described this liberty interest as "embracing the right of man to
be free in the enjoyment of the faculties with which he has been
endowed by his Creator, subject only to such restraints as are
necessary for the common good."
Furthermore, said the 1905 court,
this includes "the right to live as one will, so long as that will
does not interfere with the rights of another or of the public,"
and the "right to be let alone so long as one was not interfering
with the rights of other individuals or of the public."
In more
recent years, Georgia courts had developed this right to include,
for example, the right of a state prisoner to refuse food and
medical treatment, see _Zant v. Prevatte_, 286 S.E.2d 715 (Ga.
1982); _State v. McAfee_, 385 S.E.2d 651 (Ga. 1989).
Given this past history, and the accepted principle that state
constitutions may provide greater protection for individual rights
than the federal constitution provides, Benham observed that the
Georgia Supreme Court clearly has a tradition of affording greater
protection to individual privacy than does the U.S. Supreme Court,
making the _Hardwick_ decision irrelevant to the court's
determination of this case.
Benham declared that "it is clear that consensual sexual behavior
between adults in private is covered by the principles espoused in
_Pavesich_ since such behavior between adults in private is
recognized as a private matter by `any person whose intellect is in
a normal condition...'", quoting from the _Pavesich_ decision.
"We
cannot think of any other activity that reasonable persons would
rank as more private and more deserving of protection from
governmental interference than consensual, private, adult sexual
activity," wrote Benham, then citing recent decisions striking down
sodomy laws in Montana, Tennessee, and Texas.
(The Texas court of
appeals decision was subsequently reversed on procedural grounds by
the Texas Supreme Court.)
After determining that private adult sex is covered by the right of
privacy, the court had to decide whether the state's legitimate
interests outweighed the individual's rights.
Here, Benham
observed that the state's legitimate interest is in protecting the
public against offensive public conduct, and protecting individuals
against unwanted activity.
After producing a long list of other
laws specifically enacted to achieve these goals, Benham concluded
that ultimately the only role left for the sodomy law is
interfering with the private consensual activities of adults, which
is not a legitimate state interest.
Countering the argument of lone dissenting judge George H. Carley
that the state has a right to criminalize conduct deemed immoral by
the majority, Benham argued that "it is not the prerogative of
members of the judiciary to based decisions on their personal
notions of morality," and that the fact that a particular law is
enacted in pursuit of the legislature's moral judgments does not
remove that law from scrutiny under the constitution.
"While many
believe that acts of sodomy, even those involving consenting
adults, are morally reprehensible," Benham commented, "this
repugnance alone does not create a compelling justification for
state regulation of the activity. . .
We agree with our fellow
jurists [in Tennessee, Kentucky and Pennsylvania] that legislative
enactments setting `social morality' are not exempt from judicial
review testing their constitutional mettle."
In a concurring opinion, Justice Leah Sears, a frequent champion
for lesbian and gay rights on the Georgia Supreme Court in recent
years, saluted the court's decision as "clearheaded and
courageous."
Taking on the dissent, Sears argued that "simply
because something is beyond the pale of `majoritarian morality'
does not place it beyond the scope of constitutional protection.
To allow the moral indignation of a majority (or, even worse, a
loud and/or radical minority) to justify criminalizing private
consensual conduct would be a strike against freedoms paid for and
preserved by our forefathers.
Majority opinion should never
dictate a free society's willingness to battle for the protection
of its citizens' liberties.
To allow such a thing would, in and of
itself, be an immoral and insulting affront to our constitutional
democracy."
In his dissent, Justice Carley accused the majority of
misinterpreting _Pavesich_ and undermining democratic government in
Georgia by striking down a criminal law that dated back to English
common law colonial days.
Carley argued, in effect, that
longstanding criminal laws are not subject to judicial review, and
can only be removed by legislative repeal.
He noted that the
majority of sodomy laws that have been removed from the books since
the 1960's were removed through legislative repeal rather than
judicial invalidation, and argued that the court should have
allowed the legislative process to run its course in Georgia.
Carley also argued that the rationale of the court's opinion would
invalidate all criminal laws that regulate private consensual
conduct, including incest, adultery, and private drug use.
There is a certain irony to the court's decision, since in recent
years this court has ducked several opportunities to rule directly
on the constitutionality of the sodomy law.
In fact, just a few
years ago, in _Christenson v. State_, 468 S.E.2d 188 (Ga. 1996), a
plurality of the court had issued language finding the law
constitutional in a case where a majority voted to reject the
constitutional challenge on the ground that the conduct in question
(a solicitation to engage in sodomy) took place in public.
(In his
decision, Chief Justice Benham cited the solicitation law in his
list of statutes regulating public conduct.
A challenge to the
constitutionality of punishing somebody for soliciting lawful
conduct may be next on the list for Georgia civil libertarians.)
Even more ironically, a year ago the U.S. Supreme Court refused to
review a federal appellate decision that had upheld the right of
the Georgia attorney general, then Michael Bowers, to withdraw a
job in his office from Robin Shahar, an openly lesbian attorney, at
least in part because Bowers argued that his duties to uphold
Georgia's sodomy law made it impossible for him to employ an
openly-lesbian attorney who had a rabbi perform a commitment
ceremony for her and her partner.
_Shahar v. Bowers_, 114 F.3d
1097 (11th Cir.), cert. denied, 118 S.Ct. 693 (1997).
On the other hand, some recent decisions involving gay and lesbian
family law issues, including _City of Atlanta v. Moran_, 492 S.E.2d
193 (Ga., Nov. 3, 1997) (upholding domestic partner benefits for
Atlanta municipal employees), had signalled some receptivity by the
court to gay rights arguments, so the opinion was not a total
surprise to legal observers, although the scope of the victory and
the decisiveness of the vote were unexpected.
Although the case involved heterosexual sodomy, the Georgia statute
did not distinguish between homosexual and heterosexual acts, and
several gay rights groups, including Lambda Legal Defense &
Education Fund and the ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights Project, had
filed briefs urging the court to invalidate the law.
_Other sodomy law developments_
The Orleans Parish Civil District Court in Louisiana heard oral
arguments during the last week of October in a suit seeking
invalidation of that state's sodomy law.
On the final day of
testimony, the state presented Richard Cohen, a psychotherapist, as
an expert witness who claimed that he had "overcome" his own
homosexuality and has gone on to a successful career as a therapist
"curing" homosexuals.
Cohen claimed that he had a 100% success
rate "when patients accept the treatment."
Rebutting this
testimony, plaintiffs' attorney John Rawls presented Ralph
Roughtan, an Emory University psychiatry professor, who testified
that changes in sexual behavior should not be confused with
changing underlying sexual orientation.
Roughtan testified that
somebody who is homosexual but engages in heterosexual sex "is
trying to be something you are not."
_Associated Press_, Oct. 31.
Once again, the Texas sodomy law faces a constitutional challenge,
but for the first time in an actual prosecution for consensual
adult sodomy committed in private.
John Lawrence and Tyrone Garner
were happily engaged in oral sex in Lawrence's unlocked apartment
in Houston on Sept. 17 when police entered the apartment after
receiving a false report of an armed intruder.
(The maker of the
false report, who apparently had some grudge against the men, has
also been prosecuted.)
They were arrested and charged with a
violation of the misdemeanor law that makes it a crime for two men
or two women in Texas to have oral or anal sex.
The maximum
penalty is a $500 fine.
The men pled "no contest" to the charges at an arraignment hearing
on Nov. 20, represented by Mitchell Katine and David Jones, Texas
cooperating attorneys for Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund,
and were each fined $125.
Outside the hearing room, Lambda staff
attorney Suzanne Goldberg announced that the defendants planned to
contest the constitutionality of the law.
_N.Y. Times_, _Houston
Chronicle_, _Chicago Tribune_, Nov. 21.
A recent attempt to
contest the law came to grief on jurisdictional grounds in the
Texas Supreme Court, the court holding that a ruling on
constitutionality would have to come from the Court of Criminal
Appeals in an actual prosecution.
_State v. Morales_, 869 S.W.2d
941 (Tex. 1994).
In Virginia, Roanoke police cracking down on sexual solicitation in
public parks announced that they would seek felony indictments
against 18 men who were arrested for soliciting sodomy from
undercover cops.
Unlawful sexual solicitation is generally a
misdemeanor, unless the underlying act being solicited is a serious
felony, which sodomy is in Virginia.
The announcement brought
renewed calls for reform of the Virginia sodomy law.
_Associated
Press_, Nov. 1.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Lesbian Volleyball Coach Wins Reinstatement and Removal of Gag
Order
In a major victory for lesbian and gay public school teachers,
Wendy Weaver won her motion for summary judgment in a
discrimination suit against the Nebo School District, ordering her
reinstatement as a high school volleyball coach and striking down
an attempt by the district to impose a ban on her public discussion
of her sexual orientation.
_Weaver v. Nebo School District_, No.
2:97-CV-819J (U.S.Dist.Ct., C.D. Utah, Nov. 25, 1998).
The
decision by District Judge Bruce Jenkins, which was not officially
published as we went to press, is available on the ACLU of Utah's
website.
Weaver, who teaches psychology and physical education at Spanish
Fork High School and had an outstanding record as a girls'
volleyball coach (including four state championships), had taken a
few years off from coaching in order to pursue an advanced degree.
Her teaching position is tenured, but the coaching position was a
year-to-year appointment.
Weaver had an understanding with Robert
Wadley, the school principal, that she would be returning as coach
during the 1997-98 school year, having completed her graduate
school work.
However, her ex-husband, also a school district staff member, began
spreading stories that she was a lesbian, which led one of the team
members to phone and ask her outright.
When Weaver responded
"Yes," the team member said that she would not feel comfortable
being coached by Weaver and would not compete the following year.
The student's parents then contacted school officials, who
evidently were already convulsed by the news that their star
volleyball coach was a lesbian, as internal meetings to discuss how
to deal with this development were already underway.
Ultimately, Wadley notified Weaver that she would not be
reappointed to coach the girls volleyball team, and the school
district sent her two letters, warning her not to discuss her
sexuality publicly on pain of losing her job.
Weaver filed suit in federal district court, claiming that the
restrictions on her speech and the withdrawal of her coaching
position violated her constitutional rights.
As the parties had no
dispute about the underlying facts, they agreed that the court
would dispose of the matter on summary judgment, and this opinion
issued just a few weeks after cross-motions were argued.
Judge Jenkins found for Weaver on all counts.
First, he determined
that the school's attempt to censor Weaver's speech about her
sexuality outside the classroom clearly violated her 1st Amendment
rights.
(Interestingly, Weaver's only speech on the subject at the
time the district imposed the ban consisted of one word: "Yes" in
response a volleyball team member's telephone inquiry.
The real
problem was her ex-husband's speech, and the district also issued
an order to him banning any public discussion of his ex-wife's
sexuality.
Presumably this order is also unconstitutional, but he
never sued. . .)
Under free speech precedents concerning public employees, content-
based prohibitions on speech about matters of public concern may
only be restricted if necessary to prevent disruption of the public
agency's functions.
The district had argued that Weaver's
sexuality was not a matter of public concern, harking back to the
6th Circuit's decision in _Rowland v. Mad River School District_,
730 F.2d 444 (6th Cir. 1984), cert. denied, 470 U.S. 1009, reh.
denied, 471 U.S. 1062 (1985), but Judge Jenkins preferred to cite
Justice William J. Brennan's dissent from the Supreme Court's
refusal to review that decision, noting that by the time the
district issued its gag order to Weaver, her sexuality had become
a matter of intense public concern due to the stories spread by her
ex-husband, the volleyball team member's phone call, intense public
discussion, and the numerous internal meetings being held within
the district administration.
Further, Jenkins found that the
district had presented no evidence of any disruption of Weaver's
classes.
The only real disruption concerned phone calls by parents
and the refusal to play on the team if Weaver coached by one
student, which the court did not consider germane to the 1st
Amendment controversy.
In addition, Jenkins found that the district violated Weaver's
right to equal protection of the laws under the 14th Amendment by
refusing to reappoint her as volleyball coach.
Citing _Romer v.
Evans_, 517 U.S. 620 (1996) for the proposition that in cases of
anti-gay discrimination by a government body, the court would
"insist on knowing the relation between the classification adopted
and the objective to be obtained," Jenkins found that "the record
before the court contains no job-related justification for not
assigning Ms. Weaver as volleyball coach.
Nor have the defendants
demonstrated how Ms. Weaver's sexual orientation bears any rational
relationship to her competency as teacher or coach, or her job
performance as coach -- a position she has held for many years with
distinction. . .
Absent some rational relationship to job
performance, a decision not to assign Ms. Weaver as coach because
of her sexual orientation runs afoul of the Fourteenth Amendment's
equal protection guarantee."
As further icing on the cake, Jenkins accepted Weaver's arguments
that the failure to appoint her was retaliatory based on her
exercise of First Amendment rights, and that the attempt to impose
a gag order on her violated her right to equal protection in regard
to a fundamental right of free speech.
Jenkins granted Weaver's motion for summary judgment, ordering the
school district to rescind the gag order letters, offer to appoint
Weaver to coach volleyball for the 1999-2000 season, and pay
damages in the sum of $1,500 (which is the amount of stipend she
would have received had she coached volleyball for the 1997-98
season).
No word yet on an appeal by the school district, which
seems likely.
Weaver is represented by ACLU National Lesbian and Gay Rights
Project attorneys Matt Coles (Project Director) and Jennifer
Middletown, ACLU of Utah attorney Stephen C. Clark, and Salt Lake
City attorney David B. Watkiss.
A.S.L.
7th Circuit Denies En Banc Review in Student Activity Fee Case
The Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals voted 5-3 to deny a rehearing
en banc in _Southworth v. Grebe_, 157 F.3d 1124 (7th Cir. 1998) on
Oct. 27.
In this case, plaintiff students (self-identified
Christian conservatives) claimed that their 1st Amendment rights
were violated when the University of Wisconsin-Madison regents used
their mandatory student activity fees to fund a content-neutral
forum where groups engaged in political and ideological activities,
speech and advocacy with which the students disagreed, including
student organizations concerned with gay rights and AIDS issues.
Students felt that this use of their fees amounted to compelled
speech. Judge Ilana Diamond Rovner and Judge Diane P. Wood each
wrote a scathing dissent from the denial of en banc review with
which Judge Terrence T. Evans joined.
In both opinions, the judges determined that the panel opinion
extended the prohibition against compelled speech to a new level,
beyond what the Supreme Court had recognized in _Abood v. Detroit
Bd. Of Educ._, 431 U.S. 209 (1977) and _Keller v. State Bar of
California_, 496 U.S. 1 (1990). In these two cases, the
associations, which directly represented their constituencies in
certain matters, used their mandatory member dues to engage in
political and ideological activities with the objecting members did
not agree. The Supreme Court held that this use amounted to
compelled speech in violation of 1st Amendment free speech and
association rights because the activities could be directly
attributable to the dissenting members. The Court also held that
the associations could only use member dues to further activities
which were germane to the representational purpose of the
association.
The dissents criticized the original panel opinion, 151 F.3d 717
(Feb. 26, 1998), which stated that the use of mandatory student
activity fees to create a content-neutral forum was not germane to
the educational purpose of a university and that the university's
interest in promoting robust debate and free exchange of ideas on
the campus did not outweigh the free speech and association rights
of the students. The dissents said that these findings were
contrary to Supreme Court precedents which gave great weight to
robust debate and free expression in a university setting, such as
_Healy v. James_, 408 U.S. 169 (1972) and _Keyishian v. Bd. of
Regents_, 385 U.S. 589 (1967). They also stated that this ruling
impeded the ability of a university to distribute student activity
fees in a content neutral manner.
Finally, the dissents opined
that the speech could not be directly attributed to the objecting
students because the funding scheme was used to create a content-
neutral public forum rather than used to fund groups which engaged
in political and ideological activities, speech and advocacy.
Interestingly, the plaintiff students conceded that the funding
arrangement was designed to create such a public forum for free
expression.
The _Southworth_ case creates a conflict with a Second Circuit
Court of Appeals decision, _Carroll v. Blinken_, 957 F.2d 991 (2d
Cir. 1992). In _Carroll_, the court determined that university
student fee funding of the N.Y. Public Interest Research Group did
not amount to compelled speech. The court also held that the group
could not include all of the students who paid activity fees on
their membership roles as "payment of mandatory student activity
fees is not the equivalent of an endorsement of group activities."
That students can effectively use the courts to silence others when
they do not agree is the most disturbing quality of the 7th Circuit
panel opinion.
Giving students carte blanche to remove funding
from a content-neutral forum will decrease the viability for
presentation of a wide range of ideas.
When ideas are repressed or
not given the chance to be presented, a chilling effect spreads
over the university campus and students will not have as great a
learning experience.
The University has indicated its intention to file a petition for
certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court.
_Leo Wong_
7th Circuit Holds Court Must Explain Downward Departure from
Guidelines in Sentencing Gay Pedophile
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit remanded for
resentencing the case of a gay man who pled guilty to distributing
child pornography, due to the district court's downward departure
from the United States Sentencing Guidelines Manual. _U.S. v.
Wilke_, 156 F.3d 749 (Sept. 16).
In its appeal, the government contended that the district court
erred by relying on the nature of Wilke's offense, his sexual
orientation, and his demeanor in deciding that Wilke was vulnerable
to abuse in prison and that his extraordinary charitable acts were
not "motivated by a desire to entice children into illicit sexual
activity."
The government argued that the district court made its
vulnerability determination "by considering that Wilke is
homosexual without evidence before it establishing that homosexuals
as a group are vulnerable to abuse in prison and by relying on
subjective statements about Wilke's demeanor even though the court
described him as being of average height and weight."
Wilke, a 5'11", 160-pound, 46-year-old, described by the district
judge as having a "passive, meek demeanor," pled guilty to
exchanging child pornography with a New Jersey man via mail and
computer.
Wilke put on as witness a former federal inmate who
testified that, given Wilke's physical characteristics ("he looked
scared and not like someone who could fight") and his sexual crime
related to a minor, the Bureau of Prisons would not be able to
protect him from being "abused, raped, and turned into a sex slave"
while incarcerated.
While the court held that on remand the district court could
consider Wilke's sexual orientation and demeanor, it cautioned that
the court "must provide a sufficient explanation of the reasons,
and the nexus of the reasons to vulnerability to abuse, thereby
enabling appropriate appellate review."
In a partial dissent, in which he agreed with the majority view
that it is illogical that the crime on which the Sentencing
Commission based the recommended range may be a factor in
justifying a departure from that range, Judge Cudahy cited
authority that "subjective findings on demeanor [are] clearly
within the purview of the trial judge and [the district judge] has
made more than adequate findings with respect to Wilke's demeanor."
Judge Cudahy also took issue with the majority's reaction to
the 28 letters attesting to Wilke's community service submitted to
the court, stating "the majority's observations are simply
unacceptable.. . The majority seems to be saying that in organizing
and participating in numerous community events involving young
people, Wilke was motivated by a desire to exploit those occasions
for illicit sexual purposes.
This, of course, is the purest and
most objectionable speculation, there being no showing that Wilke's
community contributions had the slightest relation to sexual
misdeeds. In fact, the spontaneous outpouring of praise for his
social contributions is strong evidence that members of the
community who knew him best did not perceive any questionable
motivations."
_Mark Major_
Georgia Supreme Court Permits Evidence of Anti-Gay M.O. By
Murdering Car Thief
The Georgia Supreme Court rejected a claim that a trial court erred
by allowing a prosecutor to introduce evidence that the defendant's
modus operandus was to befriend gay men preparatory to assaulting
them and stealing their cars.
_Smith v. State_, 1998 WL 806160
(Oct. 26).
The defendant received a life sentence for felony
murder.
According to the opinion, the state's version of the facts was that
Mark Smith and his co-defendant, Carlos Rutledge, accepted a ride
from the victim, Keith Stapleton, who drove them to his hotel room.
When Stapleton allegedly made sexual advances to Rutledge, Smith
became enraged, hit and choked Stapleton, and demanded his car
keys.
Smith and Rutledge left in the rental car, and Stapleton was
found dead in his hotel room the next morning.
At trial, the court
let the prosecution introduce evidence that in a prior case Smith
had used an alias and solicited a ride from a victim late at night
near a bar, and after some discussion of a "homosexual encounter,"
had violently robbed the victim, having told a similar story to
police officers upon his arrest.
Rejecting the argument that the trial court erred in admitting this
evidence, the court found that "the two attacks were sufficiently
similar so that proof of the prior attack was relevant to show
identity, bent of mind, and intent and, thus, tended to establish
Smith's commission of the attack for which he was convicted."
The court also ruled that the trial court had correctly excluded
evidence of Stapleton's HIV status, which Smith sought to introduce
in support of his theory that Stapleton had been killed by another
sexual partner out of some sort of revenge motive.
The court noted
that "Smith's theory was mere speculation for which he never laid
a foundation."
A.S.L.
New Jersey Court Grant Lesbian Co-Parent Joint Custody of Child
In a groundbreaking victory for non-biological lesbian and gay
parents in New Jersey, Judge Vincent J. Grasso of the Ocean County
Superior Court granted joint legal custody to a non-biological
lesbian parent, REM, after she and the child's biological mother
ended their seven-year relationship.
_REM v. SLV_, Docket No.
FD-15-748-98N (Nov. 2, 1998).
In a 21-page letter memorandum
addressed to counsel for both parties, the court ruled that REM had
legal standing to petition the court for custody based on the
equitable doctrine of _parens patrie_.
The court also held that
based on the facts of the case and the findings of the
court-appointed guardian ad litem and court-appointed psychologist,
joint custody was in the best interest of the child.
SLV and REM first broached the topic of conceiving and raising a
child together 4-5 years into their relationship, and 2-3 years
after they had moved in together in Lakewood, NJ.
The couple
researched various parenting options and decided upon donor
insemination.
They agreed that SLJ would be inseminated with the
sperm of a donor selected by the couple, since REM had a medical
history of asthma, cervical cancer and a hysterectomy.
The couple
also agreed that since REM had physical restrictions from a
work-related injury, she would stay at home and be the primary
caretaker of the child.
According to the couple's plan, SLV would
return to work as a respiratory therapist soon after the child's
birth.
The donor insemination procedure was covered by SLV's
insurance; REM agreed to pay for the sperm donor costs.
SLV became pregnant in 1995.
REM accompanied SLV to doctor visits
and Lamaze birth classes.
SLV executed a power of attorney
designating REM as her attorney-in-fact, and a will designating REM
as the guardian of any minor children SLV might have.
SLV gave birth to a boy on March 2, 1996.
The couple named him
AJMV, ensuring that he shared the last names of both REM and SLV.
Both parties were listed as AJ's parents on his birth certificate
and on his birth announcement.
After 8 weeks, SLV returned to
work and REM remained at home with AJ as the primary caretaker
during SLV's working hours.
SLV assumed childcare responsibilities
when she returned from work.
After AJ's birth, the parities executed an agreement entitled
"Agreement between Mother and her Partner" which memorialized the
mutual decision of the parties to conceive, bear and raise the
child.
The document acknowledged REM as a _de facto_ parent.
Although SLV disputed the authenticity of her signature on the
agreement, the court nonetheless concluded that based on the
evidence, it accurately reflected the intent of the parties at the
time of AJ's birth.
Within one month of AJ's birth, the parties filed a petition for
REM to formally adopt AJ with SLV's consent (a second-parent
adoption).
The court appointed an independent agency to
investigate the proposed adoption.
However, while the petition was
pending, the couple decided that the home study and investigation
might not be favorable since they shared a single-family house with
their landlord, an elderly gentleman.
SLV and REM therefore
withdrew the petition with the understanding that they would refile
it once the two of them constituted a household alone.
Problems developed in the parties' relationship, leading to a
breakup just before Thanksgiving in 1996.
SLV accused REM of
resenting the fact that SLV was AJ's biological mother.
According
to SLV, REM admitted not loving SLV anymore.
REM claimed at trial
that SLV threatened to leave with AJ and to withhold her consent to
REM's petition for adoption unless REM met certain conditions
including paying for certain household bills.
(REM had previously
used part of her workers compensation award to pay off
approximately $25,000 of SLV's debts and $26,000 of joint debts).
Problems continued when in December of 1997 the parties filed
mutual domestic violence complaints.
After the court issued
restraint orders, SLV moved out of the house.
The parties have
been living apart since that time.
At first, REM was granted
supervised visitation of AJ, which she exercised regularly.
The
court later granted REM unsupervised visits with AJ.
SLV and AJ now live with SLV's parents, lesbian partners who have
been together for almost 25 years.
REM's mother and stepfather
live an hour away from the parties, and testified how they consider
AJ an integral part of their family.
The guardian ad litem for AJ testified that both SLV and REM
presented as good parents and caretakers with strong emotional
bonds to AJ.
According to the court, the guardian ad litem
recommended that "it was in AJMV's best interest to continue the
psychological bond and relationship with REM with a substantial
time share equal to that of the biological mother."
The guardian
deferred the legal question as to whether a non-biological parent
was entitled to custodial rights as a parent.
Judge Grasso also appointed a licensed psychologist to conduct a
psychological evaluation and bonding evaluation to determine AJ's
best interests.
The psychologist testified that both parties were
fit and appropriate parental figures with the best interest of AJ
at heart, and noted little difference in the bonding between AJ and
his relationships with REM and SLV.
According to the psychologist,
AJ would experience trauma if his bond with REM were severed
permanently.
Therefore, the psychologist recommended that REM have
"a substantial time share which would put SLV and REM on an equal
footing with the child."
The court began its legal inquiry by addressing the threshold
question of whether REM had standing to assert a legal claim for
custody and/or visitation.
Since REM and SLV were not legally
married, REM did not have automatic standing under New Jersey
statutes.
Without automatic standing, a petitioner generally must
demonstrate that the natural parent is either unfit or has
abandoned the child.
According to the court, however, "a line of
cases has evolved in New Jersey which address and recognize the
equitable powers of courts to consider custody and/or visitation to
a third party under its parens patrie power."
For example, Grasso
noted New Jersey decisions in which foster parents were granted
custody without the requisite finding of parental unfitness or
abandonment.
New Jersey courts likewise have exercised their equitable powers to
grant visitation rights to grandparents before the state
legislature enacted a visitation statute.
The court cited and
relied upon one such grandparent visitation case, _Zack v.
Fiebert_, 235 N.J. Super. 424 (App. Div 1989), in which the
Appellate Division held that "where, as a preliminary matter, the
third party is able to show that he or she stands in the shoes of
a parent to the child and thus in parity with the natural parent,
he or she should be accorded the status of a natural parent in
determining the standard to be to be applied to the quest for
custody."
Grasso concluded that _Zack_ applied to the present case,
regardless of REM and SLV's sexual orientation: "There is no
reason here to treat REM's claim for custody and/or visitation any
differently due to the fact that the dispute is between two persons
of the same gender, or more specifically, between two former
partners of a lesbian relationship."
In support of this
conclusion, the court cited New Jersey's 1993 and 1995 favorable
second-parent adoption court rulings.
The court also noted that
the commentary to New Jersey Rule 5:1-2, which vests the Family
Court with jurisdiction over civil actions "arising out of a family
or family type relationships," explicitly notes the possibility
that it was worded broadly so as to include "unmarried cohabiting
adults whether or not of the same sex and children who are part of
their households."
Finally, the court looked to the decisions of other jurisdictions
for guidance on the issue of standing, noting a split among
jurisdictions.
Courts in New York and California have taken more
formal/traditional approaches to defining family relationships,
while those in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have adopted more
functional approaches.
Judge Grasso aligned New Jersey with the
latter jurisdictions.
Based on the facts of the case, the court concluded: "The
family-type relationship between SLV and REM, although
non-traditional, was formed and developed several years prior to
the child's birth.
The birth of the child, AJMV, was not
coincidental to the parties' relationship, but rather a planned
parenting arrangement between SLV and
REM.
There can be little
question from the evidence in this case that both SLV and REM
intended this child, AJMV, to be a product of their lesbian union
and relationship and not merely the offspring of SLV as a single
parent.
The court is satisfied that REM has been able to show that
she stands in the shoes of a parent to the child and should be
accorded the status of a parent in parity with SLV in determining
the standard applied in her quest for custody and visitation."
Based on the recommendations of the court-appointed psychologist
and the guardian ad litem, and all of the testimony adduced at
trial, the court concluded that joint and shared custody was in
AJ's best interest.
The court ordered that primary residential
custody continue with SLV.
The court also imposed a duty of
support on both SLV and REM.
Judge Grasso's decision is particularly significant and exciting
because it is the first case in New Jersey, if not in the country,
where joint custody, as opposed to mere visitation, has been
granted to a non-biological lesbian parent.
The court's decision
was thorough and well reasoned.
As in almost all custody
decisions, which are based on "the best interests of the child,"
the court's ultimate holding was highly fact specific.
However, by
granting standing to
non-biological parents to petition for
custody and visitation, the court has further legitimized a
functional definition of "family" which ultimately favors lesbian
and gay (ex)-couples and their children. Counsel for the parties
were Bettina E. Munson of Freehold, N.J., and Paul J. Urbania of
Red Bank, N.J.
_Ian Chesir-Teran_
[Although an appeal of this decision appears unlikely, the court
noting that both parties expressed willingness to comply with
whatever decision the court might render, it differs enough from
some other New Jersey rulings to suggest that this issue will
eventually have to go to an appellate level. - Editor]
Kansas Supreme Court Finds Phelps Anti-Gay Threats Non-Felonious
On Nov. 6, the Supreme Court of Kansas upheld a district court
judge's decision to dismiss two felony counts each against the Rev.
Fred W. Phelps Sr. and his son, Jonathan B. Phelps, noted anti-gay
protesters.
However, the court held that the district court erred
in dismissing a disorderly conduct charge against the senior
Phelps.
_State v. Phelps_, 1998 WL 771637.
Phelps, a Baptist minister and leading anti-gay demagogue, was
charged with disorderly conduct after calling Topeka, Kansas,
lawyer Jerry Palmer a "sodomite" and a "fat ugly sodomite" in March
1992 as Palmer walked to a fundraising luncheon hosted by Hillary
Clinton.
The intimidation charges dated from June 1993, when
Jonathan Phelps picketed St. David's Episcopal Church bearing the
messages, "Pig Palmer FUS (fat ugly sodomite)," "God Hates Fags"
and "Gays are worthy of death (Romans 1:32)."
The picketing was in
response to Palmer's intent to testify against Phelps in the
disorderly conduct case.
In affirming the dismissal of the two felony counts, the court
applied a reasonable person test.
Essentially the court questioned
whether a reasonable person confronted by the signs carried by
Phelps would take such language as a threat that the person or
persons displaying the sign would inflict or cause to be inflicted
physical or other harm to the person named in the signs.
The court
defined threat as a "communicated intent to inflict physical or
other harm on any person or on property."
Palmer argued that the signs constituted a physical threat of harm
against him and, when read together, basically said "Palmer must
die."
The court disagreed, concluding that prosecutors did not
present sufficient evidence to establish probable cause that Fred
Phelps or Jonathan Phelps attempted to prevent or dissuade Palmer
from testifying in the misdemeanor disorderly conduct prosecution.
News reports from Kansas indicate that upon remand the disorderly
conduct charges, as to which the trial court was reversed on
jurisdictional grounds, were dropped.
_Todd V. Lamb_
Michigan Court Upholds Conviction For Man Having Sex With Mentally
Incapable Man
On Sept. 29, a Michigan appeals court released a decision holding
that the ability of a mentally incapable person to appraise the
nature of his or her sexual conduct is not limited to the mechanics
thereof, but also to the morality of the conduct as well.
_People
vs. Breck_, 584 N.W.2d 602 (1998).
The court walked a tightrope be
merging morality, law and sexuality in a case of homosexual
activity with a mentally incapable person.
Defendant Larry Joe Breck was charged with criminal sexual conduct
for having sex with a "mentally incapable" man.
The trial court
held that the victim was incapable of consenting to acts of sexual
intercourse with Breck because the victim was "mentally incapable"
as defined under Michigan law.
Breck argued on appeal that a plain
reading of the statute indicates that the statute only prohibits
sexual relations with persons who are unable to understand the
"physical nature of the act because of a mental disease or defect."
Breck contends that his victim did understand the nature of the
act, and whether the victim could comprehend the moral consequences
of the sexual acts was irrelevant, as long as the victim knew that
the acts were occurring and was doing nothing to stop them.
Writing for the tribunal, Judge Kelly relied exclusively on _People
v. Easley_, 42 N.Y.2d 50 (1977), a New York case of nearly
identical facts and law.
In that case the court held that the
understanding of the sexual act encompasses more than a knowledge
of its physiological nature, but also an appreciation of how it
will be "regarded in the framework of the societal environment and
taboos to which a person will be exposed." In other words,
assessing the moral quality of the act also plays a role in one's
ability to "appraise," i.e., appraising the nature of stigma,
ostracism or other non-criminal sanctions of society.
The court found the _Easley_ reasoning very persuasive and
therefore adopted it, holding that the language of the Michigan
statute is meant to encompass not only an understanding of the
physical act, but also an appreciation of nonphysical factors,
including attendant moral qualities of the act.
To rule otherwise
"would strip the statute of the protection that the Legislature
intended for those. . . who know what is happening to them but are
incapable of protesting or protecting themselves because of a
severely diminished intellectual capacity" and would limit these
protections to those "who are so divorced from reality that they
are not even aware of what is happening to them physically."
Based on the victim's psychologist's testimony, the victim was
found unable to appraise the nature of the sexual activity as
either morally right or wrong, nor did he understand that others
could not engage in sex with him without his consent.
_K. Jacob
Ruppert_
Federal Court Allows Same-Sex Harassment Claim to Proceed Against
Public Employer Under 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1983.
Police officers in Shawnee, Kansas, who claimed they were subjected
to unlawful homosexual advances from a supervisor can maintain an
action under 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1983, even though their suit is
untimely under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, ruled
District Judge O'Connor in _Carney v. City of Shawnee_, 1998 WL
758842 (D.Kans., Oct. 9).
The officers filed sex discrimination charges with the EEOC, which
issued a right to sue letter to them.
They subsequently retained
counsel, but never gave him the right to sue letter, and the suit
he ultimately filed on their behalf was brought more than 90 days
after the right to sue letter was issued.
However, their complaint
also alleged a violation of their constitutional equal protection
rights, claiming jurisdiction under sec. 1983.
Finding that the
Title VII sex discrimination claim was time-barred, Judge O'Connor
nonetheless found that a sexual harassment claim against a public
employer may also be grounded in the equal protection clause of the
14th Amendment, and that the action would be timely under sec.
1983, which gives the federal court jurisdiction to hear
constitutional claims.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Rejects Religious Employment Discrimination Claim
Against Baptist Medical College by Minister of Gay-Friendly Church
A "Christian" medical school was entitled to the religious
institution exemption under Title VII in a discrimination suit
brought by an employee who was fired after becoming a minister in
a church with a special outreach to gay people.
_Hall v. Baptist
Memorial Health Care Corporation_, 1998 WL 819763 (U.S.Dist.Ct.,
W.D.Tenn., Nov. 23).
The decision by District Judge Donald
additionally found that even if the school was not entitled to the
exemption, the plaintiff had failed to state a prima facie case of
religious discrimination.
Glynda Hall was hired by the Baptist medical college as a student
services specialist in August 1995.
Her job involved working with
students and the administration in organizing and planning
activities of various campus student organizations.
At the time
she was hired, Hall was a regular attendant at Holy Trinity
Community Church, a non-denominational church with a large lesbian
and gay membership.
This church affirms the morality of lesbian
and gay relationships and targets its membership outreach towards
the gay community.
In the spring of 1996, Hall began the process
of becoming a minister at Holy Trinity.
That summer her supervisor
inquired about her church membership, and when Hall told him that
she attended services at Holy Trinity, a church he believed to be
an advocate for gay rights, he approached the college's president,
Dr. Rose Temple, who told him that the college "would not make an
issue" of Hall's choice of denomination to worship.
Hall was ordained as a minister at Holy Trinity in September 1996,
but did not invite her supervisor to the ordination ceremony
"because she feared she would be fired if [he] discovered she was
a lesbian and that Holy Trinity welcomed gay and lesbian members."
However, she did inform him that she was a lesbian shortly
thereafter, and gave him a copy of the church's newspaper.
The
supervisor then went to President Temple, who decided that the
college could no longer employ Hall.
Temple took the position that
it was inconsistent with the college's Southern Baptist
orientation, condemnatory of homosexuality, to employ a minister of
a pro-gay church in the student services position.
"Temple
believed that a serious conflict existed between [Hall's]
employment at the College in a position of influence and her
ordination as a minister in a church which espoused views contrary
to those held by the Southern Baptist Convention."
Hall was
terminated when she refused to resign.
She then charged the
college with discrimination on the basis of religion in violation
of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act.
The college argued that it was entitled to an exemption from
compliance with Title VII under 42 U.S.C. sec. 2000e-1(a), which
exempts a religious. . . educational institution. . . with respect
to the employment of individuals of a particular religion to
perform work connected with the carrying on by such. . .
educational institution. . . of its activities."
Pointing out that
the college was a medical school which included only one three-hour
religious course in its curriculum, Hall argued that it was not a
religious educational institution.
After reviewing the history and
activities of the college, Judge Donald rejected this argument.
"The purposes and programs of the College are permeated with a
conviction to adhere to Christian principles while providing
education in Nursing and Health Sciences," wrote Donald.
"Defendant's college has a clear relationship with the Baptist
church.
In light of the overwhelming evidence of the College's
religious activities and nature, the mere fact that the College
only requires one three-hour course in religion is not sufficient
to deprive it of its appropriate classification as a religious
educational institution."
However, realizing that a higher court might disagree, Donald then
proceeded to evaluate whether Hall stated a claim under Title VII
in case the college is found not to qualify for the exemption.
In
this case, Donald found that there was no factual dispute that Hall
was discharged for becoming a minister in a pro-gay church.
(Because Title VII does not forbid discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation, Hall had to couch her claim as a religious
discrimination claim.)
Hall argued that she was discharged
specifically for pursuing her religious vocation to become a
minister at Holy Trinity.
The college argued that it was
inconsistent with its mission to employ in a student services
position a person who had assumed a leadership position in an
organization that espoused views sharply contrary to the religious
views that permeated the college.
Hall argued that this was a
pretext for religious discrimination.
Judge Donald rejected the pretext argument.
"Even if the court
assumes, arguendo, that Plaintiff has established a prima facie
case of religious discrimination, her claim still must fail for
failure to prove that Defendant's articulated reason for
terminating her was pretextual.
Defendant asserts that it
terminated Plaintiff because she had assumed a leadership role in
an organization espousing beliefs diametrically opposed to those
held by the College itself.
In her deposition, Temple stated that
Plaintiff's ordination as a minister at Holy Trinity was the
catalyst for her termination.
Temple expressed her belief that
Plaintiff's position as a minister for Holy Trinity was a position
of leadership, irrespective of whether she had done any preaching
or public speaking at that time.
Temple perceived a conflict
between Hall's leadership position in an organization which
publicly embraced and supported homosexuals and her employment at
a College founded by and affiliated with those who consider
homosexuality to be a sin and a perversion in the eyes of God. In
short, the Defendant has articulated a legitimate,
nondiscriminatory reason for Plaintiff's termination and offered
credible evidence to support the veracity of that reason."
Donald concluded that Hall was not discharged because of the
religious nature of her activities, but rather because of the pro-
gay nature of her activities.
"The fact that the organization
which appointed Plaintiff to a leadership position happened to be
religious does not transform an attempt to maintain an atmosphere
consistent with those views into an act of prohibited religious
discrimination.
Plaintiff even conceded that she believed
Defendant would have fired her if she had been elected president of
a local gay and lesbian coalition or had made a televised speech
opposing the Southern Baptist Convention on gay and lesbian
issues," wrote Donald.
"Although such a concession does not prove
that the Defendant did not discriminate against Plaintiff on the
basis of religion, it does provide further support for Defendant's
contention that it fired Plaintiff, not because of her religious
beliefs or practices, but because of her leadership position in an
organization which publicly advocated gay and lesbian issues."
Donald rejected Hall's attempts to rebut the college's case with
examples of other colleagues who assertedly engaged in conduct
antithetical to Southern Baptist beliefs but who were not
discharged, and granted summary judgment to the defendant.
A.S.L.
Pre-Op Transsexual Wins Right To Seek Medicaid Funding For Sex
Reassignment Surgery
In a victory for the transgender community, a pre-op transsexual
won the right to proceed with a 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983 suit against
the State of Iowa for denying Medicaid benefits for sex
reassignment surgery.
_Smith v. Palmer_, 1998 WL 758372
(U.S.Dist.Ct., N.D. Iowa, Oct. 13).
District Judge Bennett held
that a material question of fact exists as to whether sex
reassignment surgery is a medically necessary treatment for gender
dysphoria and whether the Iowa Department of Human Services'
reliance on a report prompting it to specifically exclude such
surgery from funding was a reasonable exercise in discretion.
In 1994, the Iowa administrative rules governing the Iowa Medicaid
program were changed to specifically exclude sex reassignment
surgery.
In May of 1997, plaintiff John Smith sued the State of
Iowa, claiming it violated the federal Medicaid statute by denying
him coverage for sex reassignment surgery and that this denial was
arbitrary and violated his right to due process under the 14th
Amendment.
Iowa filed a motion for summary judgement on the
merits.
In a methodic decision oddly beginning with a Yogi Berra quote
("It's deja vu all over again"), Judge Bennett tests whether the
statute in question gives rise to a federal right under sec. 1983.
Smith claimed that the language of the implementing regulation of
the Medicare statute standing alone is sufficient to create such a
right. The court disagreed and began an analysis of the Medicaid
statute with an understanding that if it created a federal right,
then its attendant implementing regulations (like the one under
fire here) would as well.
The court found that a federal right
does exist in the enabling statute and, flowing from that, in the
attendant regulation holding that under the test, Smith was an
intended beneficiary, that the statute was amenable to judicial
enforcement and that Congress imposed a binding obligation on the
states participating in the Medicare program.
Now turning to the merits of the case, the court examined whether
there is a genuine question of fact as to whether sex reassignment
surgery is a medically necessary treatment for "gender dysphoria."
In the state's motion, Iowa contended that it is not required under
Medicaid to provide Smith all possible medically necessary
treatments currently available, but may place appropriate limits on
the type of treatments offered.
Testimony of Smith's doctor
persuaded the court to find that such a question of fact exists,
stating that those diagnosed with gender dysphoria, such as Smith,
improve with sex reassignment surgery and not psychotherapy and
that sex reassignment surgery is a medically necessary treatment
for such a condition.
Next, the court addressed Smith's due process claim that the denial
was arbitrary and thus violative of the 14th Amendment.
It is
uncontested that in 1980 an identical case was brought against the
State of Iowa for denying Medicaid funding for sex reassignment
surgery.
_Pinneke v. Preisser_, 623 F.2d 546 (8th Cir. 1980),
hence the Yogi Berra quip.
There the court found the state's
refusal to fund was violative of its Medicaid obligations.
Following this decision, the Iowa Department of Human Services
added a specific exclusion of sex reassignment surgery to the Iowa
Administrative Rules.
After its own literature review and public
comment, it excluded the procedure from funding; it had only
received one formal comment, by Smith's own attorney, which opposed
the proposed rule.
Smith successfully persuaded the court that an
issue of fact existed in that this literature review was poorly
researched and excluded the opinions of doctors (like Smith's) who
treat gender dysphoria, thereby delivering the final blow to the
state's motion for summary judgement.
In a surprising and supportive move by the court, plaintiff John
Smith, still biologically a woman, was referred to in the masculine
and by his pseudonym throughout this opinion.
_K. Jacob Ruppert_
Military Appeals Court Upholds Discharge for Sham Marriage
The U.S. Navy-Marine Corps Court of Criminal Appeals has upheld the
court martial conviction and discharge of Allen B. Phillips, a
cryptologic technician in the Navy, on charges that Phillips
engaged in a sham marriage with a lesbian in order to be able to
live off-base with his gay male lover.
_Phillips v. U.S._, 1998 WL
832060 (Nov. 20).
Here's a different version of don't ask, don't tell.
According to
military prosecutors, Allen Phillips was conducting a gay
relationship and desired to be able to move off the military base,
where he was required to live as a single man, in order to live
with his lover.
He contracted a marriage with a lesbian in order
to qualify under military rules to live off-base.
When military
investigators discovered that he was living with another man and
not with his wife (who was herself living with a lesbian partner),
they charged Phillips with conspiracy, making false official
statements, and larceny.
(Apparently, having claimed that he was
married, Phillips not only got to live off base but also received
a housing allowance from the Navy to pay for his off-base digs.)
Phillips denied that his marriage was a sham or that he was trying
to defraud the military, but the appeals court did not find much
basis for his disclaimers, particularly rejecting his attempts to
discredit the court martial's admission of testimony about
Phillips' homosexual activities both before and after contracting
his marriage.
(Phillips argued that he could be a bisexual man who
had contracted a valid heterosexual marriage while carrying on a
homosexual relationship, but a military appeals court wasn't about
to buy such a story.)
The sentence affirmed by the appeals court included a bad-conduct
discharge, confinement for 120 days, and reduction to the lowest
enlisted pay grade.
And thus the military kicks out yet another
highly skilled service member in whom it undoubtedly had invested
a small fortune in training.
(Recall the anecdote about how the
military leaders were horrified during the run-up to the Gulf War
to discover that they had a severe shortage of personnel who could
deal with our Gulf allies in their own languages because the ranks
of language specialists had been sharply reduced in peacetime by
the forced discharges of large numbers of gay men.)
A.S.L.
Military Appeals Court Upholds Discharge of Captain for "Sodomy"
The U.S. Navy-Marine Corps Court of Criminal Appeals has upheld the
discharge of Captain Donald R. Dinkel for having oral sex with a
corporal in his bedroom.
_U.S. v. Dinkel_, 1998 WL 764070 (Sept.
15) (not officially published).
Captain Dinkel apparently
misinterpreted various "signals" and "innuendos" he believed to be
coming to him from Corporal D., so he invited the young man over to
his house for dinner, drinks, and to spend the night.
After the
men had retired, Dinkel went into the room where Corporal D. was
sleeping, removed the sheet, fondled Corporal D. through his
shorts, pulled down the shorts and commenced to give Corporal D. a
"blow job."
Corporal D. awoke indignant and turned in Captain
Dinkel, who was subsequently convicted of fraternization, sodomy
and indecent assault.
On appeal, the court vacated the indecent
assault conviction, finding that the court martial had improperly
led Dinkel through a line of questioning to shake his earlier
testimony that he thought Corporal D. wanted him to initiate sex,
but nonetheless affirmed the other convictions and the sentence
imposed by the court martial: dismissal, confinement for 24 months,
and forfeiture of all pay and allowances.
A.S.L.
Ohio Appeals Court Finds No Privacy Rights for Transsexual Prison
Inmate
An Ohio Court of Appeals upheld the dismissal of a preoperative
transsexual inmate's pro se civil rights complaint.
_Susan Marie
Pollock aka Mark Lee Pollock v. Anthony Brigano_, 1998 WL 778352
(Ohio App., 12th Dist., Nov. 9).
The court rejected Pollock's
claim of being a transsexual because of a lack of medical
documentation.
On Dec. 16, 1993, Pollock filed a complaint charging civil rights
violations at the Warren Correctional Institution.
On Nov. 8,
1995, Pollock filed a supplemental complaint alleging breach of
privacy in the prison setting.
On Feb. 7, 1996, a trial court
dismissed the privacy claims.
Pollock's appeal of the dismissal
was unsuccessful because the court of appeals found the appeal
premature.
On Nov. 22, 1996, the defendant-appellees moved for
summary judgment on the remaining claims, arguing inter alia that
22 of 24 declarations made by Pollock in response to defense
arguments were submitted without notarization.
In Nov. 1997, the
trial court granted summary judgment.
Pollock then appealed,
alleging that the trial court erred by granting summary judgment on
the 22 declarations, by not giving a warning that only notarized
allegations would be admissible, and by dismissing the privacy
claims.
The Court of Appeals rejected the first two claims because there
was no record that Pollock had requested prison officials to
notarize the documents or that such a request was refused and that
there is no obligation to inform an appellant of the rules of
summary judgement.
Writing for the Court of Appeals, Judge Koehler found that Pollock
could not be recognized as a transsexual because no evidence was
provided from medical authorities supporting the assertion.
The
court ruled that Pollock "is unqualified to reach a medical and/or
psychological diagnosis about gender identity disorder or any other
medical and/or psychological condition."
Pollock claimed that the
prison had violated her privacy rights by requiring her to shower,
change clothes, and use the toilet together with other male inmates
and/or in the presence of male guards.
Pollock also charged that
guards had engaged in "grop[ing]" during pat-down searches.
The court held that Pollock was not entitled to have privacy in a
prison cell, observing that courts had not recognized any
application of the 4th Amendment's ban on unreasonable searches and
seizures in a prison context.
Although the court found that the
trial court did not adequately address constitutional issues, it
nonetheless found that the privacy claims had no merit and that the
paramount need for institutional security overrode any claims by
Pollock.
_Daniel R Schaffer_
Federal Court Says NY Parole Board Can Ban Possession of Porn, If
It Can Define Porn
U.S. District Judge Deborah Batts (a member of LeGaL and, to date,
the only openly lesbian nominee to be confirmed by Congress as a
federal judge) preserved a parolee's challenge to re-arrest on an
alleged violation of a vague anti-pornography parole condition in
_Farrell v. Burke_, 1998 WL 751695 (S.D.N.Y., Oct. 28).
Plaintiff Christopher Farrell, incarcerated for three counts of
sodomy in the third degree, was paroled in October, 1994.
In
March, 1995, Parole Officer Corey Burke imposed on Farrell the
Special Condition that Farrell agree not to "own or possess any
pornographic material."
In May, 1996, Burke arrested Farrell and
revoked his parole for possession of two books, _Scum: True
Homosexual Experiences_ and _Best Gay Erotica, 1996_, and the
magazine _My Comrade_. Farrell alleges that Burke acted under color
of state law to deprive him of his First and Fourteenth Amendment
rights in violation of 42 U.S.C. sec. 1983.
Burke and his Parole Board codefendants moved for dismissal based
on absolute immunity, qualified immunity, and the rule in _Heck v.
Humphrey_, 512 U.S. 477 (1994).
_Heck_ bars sec. 1983 claims which
would invalidate a conviction or sentence (in Farrell's case,
parole revocation) which had never been "reversed on direct appeal,
expunged by executive order," or otherwise directly invalidated.
Judge Batts found that the facts did not place the instant case
clearly within _Heck_'s ambit for several reasons including: _Heck_
creates no additional state exhaustion requirement and it is
unclear that parole revocation satisfies the "conviction or
sentence" requirement, and _Heck_ bars challenges to the
substantive result rather than challenges to procedure, but it is
unclear whether Farrell's complaint challenges the result of the
parole revocation process or the procedures "from imposition of the
Special Condition through subsequent parole revocation" used.
Judge Batts also declined dismissal based on Defendants' absolute
immunity argument because Farrell's complaint provided no factual
basis for determining whether imposition of the Special Condition
was an adjudicative act and his arrest was a prosecutorial act or
if either or both were administrative acts.
The opinion cites
instances where cases and Parole Guidelines have characterized such
acts each possible way; however absolute immunity protects
officials in performance of their adjudicative and prosecutorial
functions but not administrative ones.
As to Defendants' claim of qualified immunity, Judge Batts analyzed
First and Fourteenth Amendment rights as applicable to a parolee in
this context, noting that New York parolees have status equivalent
to an inmate and retain only "those First Amendment rights that are
not inconsistent with status as a prisoner or penological
objectives."
Finding neither Second Circuit nor Supreme Court
support for the unrestricted First Amendment right of a paroled sex
offender to possess pornography (citing subsequent cases approving
restrictions), the Judge dismissed Farrell's First Amendment
claims.
Plaintiff Farrell's Fourteenth Amendment due process claims,
however, were preserved on the basis that he was "charged with
understanding the scope of a Special Condition which even his
Parole Officer did not fully understand."
While Farrell does not
consider any of the materials pornographic, Burke "testified that
he believed the Special Condition applied to possession of any
material that included a nude depiction, including Playboy Magazine
or a photograph of Michelangelo's sculpture, "David"." Judge Batts
concluded that "a close question exists as to whether Plaintiff was
entitled to a clearer definition of the Special Condition," and so
dismissal of the claim was not warranted. _Mark Major_
Same-Sex Harassment Plaintiffs Strike Out In Two District Courts
Two United States District Courts have entered judgments for
defendants on post-_Oncale_ same-sex sexual harassment claims.
_Higgins v. New Balance Athletic Shoe, Inc._, 1998 WL 749036 (D.
Me., Oct. 14); _Pfullman v. Texas Department of Transportation_,
1998 WL 754918, (W.D. Tex. Oct.
16).
In _Higgins_, the court granted summary judgment for the defendant
on the plaintiff's sexual harassment claim because the plaintiff
had not shown that the discrimination was "because of" his sex or
gender, as the U.S. Supreme Court required in _Oncale_.
Although
the court acknowledged that a man targeted for harassment because
of perceived effeminate behavior might have a Title VII claim,
Higgins had only alleged that he was a homosexual and that his
harassers perceived him as such.
In other words, the court held,
while allegations of harassment because of sexual orientation are
not actionable, allegations because of sex or gender, including
social sex roles associated with masculinity or femininity, are
actionable.
By contrast, the _Pfullman_ court wasted little time interpreting
the riddle of _Oncale_'s mandate.
Following a bench trial, the
court entered judgment for the defendant.
Pfullman alleged five
incidents of sexual harassment involving a supervisor sitting on
his lap and making crude sexual comments.
Resolving all factual
disputes in the defendant's favor, the court even finds that,
"Without being aware of it, Plaintiff was
apparently eating his sausage in a suggestive manner."
Of the five
incidents the Plaintiff alleged, the court found evidence to
support only three, and found that those did not support a
conclusion that there was a hostile work environment.
The court
also ruled against Pfullman on his retaliation claim.
_Dirk
Williams_
Court Stops Library From Censoring Internet Access
In _Mainstream Loudoun v. Board of Trustees of the Loudoun County
Library_, 1998 WL 822105 (U.S.Dist.Ct., E.D.Va., Nov. 23), District
Judge Leonie Brinkema found that a policy on internet access
promulgated by public library trustees violated the 1st Amendment,
and enjoined the trustees from continuing to enforce it.
Under the policy adopted on Oct. 20, 1997, the library adopted a
series of restrictions on internet access through library
terminals.
In addition to blocking all access for e-mail, chat
rooms, or pornography, the library installed a commercial site-
blocking software package called X-Stop, which basically blocks
access to any internet site with discussions of sex.
This was
purportedly for the purpose of preventing library terminals from
being able to access any child pornography, obscene material, or
material deemed harmful to juveniles.
It had the effect, as the
court found, of blocking access to such websites as The Safer Sex
Page, the Books for Gay and Lesbian Teens/Youth Page, and the
Renaissance Transgender Association page, all of which the court
found to contain no material the fell within the above
descriptions.
The court found that this was a content-based restriction on
speech, thus invoking strict scrutiny under the 1st Amendment,a nd
that it was not narrowly tailored .
Furthermore, the court noted
that the policy inappropriately restricted adult access based on a
judgment that material was not fit for viewing by juveniles,
provided inadequate standards for restricting access, and provided
inadequate procedural safeguards to ensure prompt judicial review
of individual blocking decisions.
A.S.L.
Federal Judge Refuses to Help Porn Producer Enforce Its Copyrights
In a rather unusual opinion, U.S. District Judge John S. Martin,
Jr., ruled Nov. 13 that a producer of obscene materials is not
entitled to the assistance of the court in going after a company
that is pirating the pornographer's wares.
_Devils Films, Inc. v.
Nectar Video_, 1998 WL 790921 (S.D.N.Y.).
Devils Films, a producer of sexually-explicit films, discovered
that pirated copies of its videotapes were being sold by Nectar
Video.
The plaintiff filed suit against Nectar for copyright
infringement, and applied to the court for an order to have the
U.S. Marshall enter the defendant's premises and seize videotapes
listed on an exhibit to the application.
Based on the titles, which include "Straight Anal," "Lesbian," and
"Transsexual," and "one even more explicit category," Judge Martin
viewed some of the pirated videotapes that had been purchased by
plaintiff's agent in defendant's store and submitted as exhibits,
and found that "they are hard core pornography bereft of any plot
and with very little dialogue" and thus were "obscene" under
current constitutional standards.
Martin determined that the court
should not exercise its equitable powers "to support the operation
of plaintiff's pornography business.
While the Court may not
discriminate in the exercise of its powers because it disagrees
with the content of protected speech, the First Amendment does not
protect obscene material."
While acknowledging that both the 5th and 9th Circuits have held
that "obscenity is not a defense to a claim of copyright
violation," Martin observed that plaintiff's business included
producing these videotapes in California and shipping them to New
York and other places, thus violating a variety of federal laws
governing commerce in obscene matter.
"Given the clearly criminal
nature of plaintiff's operation, it is self-evident that the Court
should not use its equitable power to come to plaintiff's
assistance and should invoke the doctrine of unclean hands and
leave the parties where it finds them," Martin expostulated (if one
can expostulate in print...).
He also expressed doubts that the
2nd Circuit would follow the lead of other circuits in finding that
a producer of obscene matter can resort to the federal courts for
assistance in enforcing their copyrights.
A.S.L.
Labor Arbitrator Rejects D.P. Benefits Claim
Labor Arbitrator Thomas J. Coyne rejected a grievance against the
Marion City Schools and Marion Education Association claiming that
the school board had discriminated against unmarried live-in
partners of teachers by denying them insurance coverage.
The union
claimed that there was nothing in the collective bargaining
agreement to prevent a teacher from defining his or her family to
include an unmarried partner, and claimed that the employer had
actually continued to carry divorced spouses of some employees on
its health insurance roles.
The arbitrator said that the
allegations about divorced persons were "foolish, exaggerated and
misleading" and had been "designed to confuse the real issue."
He
went on to say that a family, under the contract, consists of
"persons who are legally responsible and accountable for the caring
of one another," and that this definition did not include unmarried
partners.
In light of the "clear and unambiguous language," wrote
Coyne, no financial consideration "is due to any union member who
is single, but would like to claim family status for his or her
friends."
_In re Marion city Schools and Marion Education
Association_, 111 Lab. Arb. (BNA) 134 (1998).
A.S.L.
Election Notes
In Hawaii and Alaska, voters approved constitutional amendments
dealing with the definition of marriage by margins of about 2-1.
In Hawaii, the measure, intended to overrule the state Supreme
Court's decision in _Baehr v. Lewin_, 852 P.2d 44 (Haw. 1993),
gives to the legislature the authority to declare that a legal
marriage can only be contracted between a man and a woman.
Some
would argue that this moots the final appeal pending in _Baehr_,
but plaintiffs' attorneys, Hawaii attorney Dan Foley and Lambda
Legal Defense Fund Marriage Project Director Evan Wolfson, urged
that the court continue to decide the case.
And the court asked
the parties on Nov. 23 to submit briefs on the effect of the
constitutional amendment on the lawsuit.
Immediately after the
election, re-elected Governor Ben Cayetano announced he would
propose a more comprehensive version of domestic partnership
legislation to expand on the reciprocal beneficiary law that had
already been passed as part of the political deal that put the
amendment initiative on the ballot.
In Alaska, the measure defines marriage for purposes of state law
as the union of a man and a woman.
The state has moved to dismiss
the pending same-sex marriage case.
In other referenda, voters disapproved measures to ban sexual
orientation discrimination in: Fort Collins, Colorado;
Fayetteville, Arkansas; and Ogunquit, Maine.
A pro-gay rights
measure was narrowly passed in South Portland, Maine.
In U.S. Congressional elections, openly-gay Representatives Barney
Frank (D.-Mass.) and Jim Kolbe (R.-Ariz.) were re-elected (Frank
without formal opposition in his district).
Tammy Baldwin, an
openly-lesbian Wisconsin state legislator, became the first openly
lesbian member of Congress and the first openly lesbian or gay
person to be elected to Congress who was not already an incumbent,
by winning a hot contest for an open seat by a decisive margin.
She was also the first woman ever to be elected to Congress from
Wisconsin.
(Both Frank and Kolbe, and former Congressmen Gunderson
and Studds, came out while members of Congress.)
Other openly
lesbian or gay candidates for Congress, Paul Barby, Margarethe
Cammermeyer and Christine Kehoe, all attempting to unseat
incumbents, were unsuccessful, although each of them did amass a
credible percentage of the vote under the circumstances.
The only openly-gay statewide elected official, Vermont State
Auditor Ed Flanagan, a Democrat, was re-elected with a 13 point
margin.
According to a summary produced by the _Washington Blade_ (Nov. 6),
all gay incumbents running for re-election around the country
appeared to be successful.
In San Francisco, Tom Ammiano was the
top vote-getter for the Board of Supervisors, and thus will be
president of the board.
Challengers to incumbents or seeking open
seats had mixed success.
Elected to state offices were Jarrett
Barrios (Massachusetts), Jackie Biskupski (Utah), Tom Duane (New
York), Mary Ann Guggenheim (Montana), Steve May (Arizona), and Mark
Pocan (Wisconsin).
May becomes the only openly-gay Republican
state legislator.
An Oregon race involving Elli Work was too close
to call at the _Blade_'s press time.
In addition, Jim Graham was
elected to the D.C. City Council, and Anne Stradauskas was elected
Baltimore County Sheriff.
This last election result was ironic,
since a state court judge in Baltimore County recently ruled that
the sodomy law may not be enforced by local law enforcement
authorities against consenting adults.
In other races, perhaps the most significant result for future
lesbian and gay legal developments was the election of Gray Davis
as governor in California.
His two immediate predecessors, George
Deukmejian and Pete Wilson, had vetoed numerous legislative
measures sought by the lesbian and gay and AIDS-activist
communities that are likely to be signed by Davis if they clear the
legislature in the future, including a sexual-orientation amendment
to the Fair Employment and Housing Code and a domestic partnership
registration bill.
On the federal level, the Republican party retained working control
of both houses of Congress, lessening the likelihood that the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act could be brought to a vote in
either chamber during the next Congress.
In an interesting twist,
the Senate candidate in New York favored by Human Rights Campaign,
the national lesbian and gay political organization, Republican
Senator Alfonse D'Amato, was defeated by Democratic U.S. Rep.
Charles Schumer, the endorsee of Empire State Pride Agenda, the
N.Y. State lesbian and gay political organization.
Exit polls
indicated that the overwhelming majority of voters who identified
themselves as lesbian or gay supported Schumer.
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
More than twenty years after a repeal referendum of a gay rights
ordinance in Miami-Dade County, Florida, made national headlines
due to the leadership of Anita Bryant, the spokesperson for the
Florida Citrus Commission, in obtaining the repeal, the Miami-Dade
County Commission has at long last voted to pass an ordinance
prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in
employment and housing.
The 7-6 vote on Dec. 1 came after a heated
debate by the Commissioners with much audience demonstrator
participation, and amid vows by the local Christian Coalition
leaders that a new referendum would be sought to repeal the
measure.
_Associated Press_, Dec. 2.
The Camden, Maine, Board of Selectmen voted unanimously late in
November in support of the concept of non-discrimination on the
basis of sexual orientation.
As a result of the vote, the town
personnel board will consider a proposal to ban sexual orientation
discrimination in town employment, and the selectmen agreed to
lobby the town's health insurance provider to make domestic
partnership coverage available.
However, the chair of the board's
human rights committee said it has not decided whether to propose
a broader ordinance that would cover private-sector activity, as
uncertainty exists whether such a measure should be deferred
pending attempts to pass a new state-wide gay rights bill to
replace the one repealed by voters earlier this year.
_Bangor
Daily News_, Dec. 1.
N.Y. Parade Permit Procedure Ruled Unconstitutional
U.S. District Judge Leonard Sand ruled Nov. 16 that the procedure
for granting parade permits in New York City, the frequent bane of
lesbian and gay rights and AIDS organizations, is unconstitutional
due to a lack of time limits for the police department to respond
to applications.
_MacDonald v. Safir_, 1998 WL 799179 (S.D.N.Y.,
Nov. 16).
Although Sand rejected other grounds for challenging the
permit process, including the way in which the police department is
given broad discretion to deny permits, he noted a suspicious
pattern by which permits from uncontroversial groups or groups
favored by the city administration are granted with dispatch, while
applications from disfavored groups (including, for example, the
Irish Lesbian and Gay Organization, or ACT-UP, or groups protesting
police brutality) are held for long periods of time, and then
denied shortly before the target date for the march or parade, thus
putting the burden on the applicants quickly to find a judge to
seek a court order allowing them to march.
The lack of a firm time
schedule for ruling on permits effectively denies adequate time for
judicial review, and leaves open the opportunity for inequitable
treatment with respect to access to a public forum.
Sand ordered
the city to come up with an appropriate set of regulations
incorporating an adequate time schedule. * * * In another action,
a panel of the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals ordered New York City
to allow Housing Works, an AIDS services group, and ACT-UP NY to
hold a press conference in City Hall Plaza on December 1 to
commemorate World AIDS Day and protest various aspects of the
city's AIDS policy.
In _Housing Works, Inc. v. Safir_, 1998 WL
823614 (S.D.N.Y., Nov. 25), District Judge Harold Baer Jr. had
ordered the city to allow a demonstration to be held on the steps
of city hall, but the 2nd Circuit subsequently cut back the order
to place the demonstration in the plaza below the steps.
(The city
had wanted to limit the demonstration to City Hall Park, south of
the plaza and further away from City Hall.)
In a bizarre show of
force, the Giuliani Administration routed the paltry number of
demonstrators into police pens, surrounded them with scores of
police officers, and had helicopters hovering over the event as
environmental inspection officers used sound monitors to determine
whether noise levels were exceeded as demonstraters read the names
of people who have died from AIDS over a microphone.
Meanwhile, a
high chain link fence has been erected restricting entry to City
Hall Park, emphasizing the growing paranoia of Mayor Giuliani about
the security of his tiny, early 19th-century fortress.
_New York
Times_, Dec. 2.
A.S.L.
Suit Allowed on Sexual Orientation Harassment Claim
The Superior Court of Connecticut denied a motion for summary
judgement where a deceased worker's estate administrator, David
Bogdahn, claimed that decedent Paul Pelletier faced sexual
orientation discrimination at his work which lead to his suicide.
_Bogdahn_ v. Hamilton Space Systems International, Inc., 1998 WL
756722 (Oct. 7).
The suit also named as defendants Pelletier's
union representatives.
Pelletier, a union steward and member of the union's auditing
committee, Pelletier filed a complaint with the Connecticut
Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities (CCHRO) on June 1,
1994, claiming discrimination and harassment.
On June 18, he
committed suicide.
The CCHRO complaint was amended to claim that
harassment led to his suicide.
Bogdahn filed the federal court
suit on July 11, 1995.
According to the complaint, Pelletier found what he believed to be
financial irregularities in Local 743, involving named defendant
union officers Bond and McGarry, but the union took no action on
the report.
According to the complaint, Bond and McGarry began a
campaign to replace Pelletier as steward and auditing committee
member, painted derogatory remarks on the rest room walls and
distributed leaflets "insulting" to Pelletier.
The complaint also
cited verbal and physical harassment and assault.
Neither Hamilton
Standard nor the IAM took any action to remedy Pelletier's
complaints.
The complaint claimed that as a result of the
harassment Pelletier became depressed, suffered severe emotional
distress and committed suicide.
On July 23, 1997, U.S. District Judge Posner dismissed the federal
suit in an unpublished decision, citing "numerous fatal
deficiencies" in the complaint, primarily failure to exhaust
administrative remedies.
In seeking summary judgment in the state
suit, the defendants made the same arguments on which they
prevailed in the federal court.
Bogdahn responded that the federal
case was dismissed on "procedural and technical grounds,"
and that
"the absence of the release from the CCHRO was the key factor in
the ruling," which should not preclude continuation of the state
suit.
Bogdahn also argued that Public Act 98-245, which prohibits
sexual orientation discrimination at work, covers "all cases
pending with the commissioner or in the courts."
Superior Court Judge Teller ruled that summary judgment proceedings
are to argue ". . . the presence of contested factual issues," not
the "legal sufficiency" of claims, and dismissed the motion for
summary judgement.
The court also found that Bogdahn "did not have
an adequate opportunity to litigate the case on the merits, since
the [federal] District Court essentially determined that it lacked
subject matter jurisdiction."
_Daniel R Schaffer_
Law & Society Notes
The American Center for Law and Justice, a conservative non-profit
law firm, has filed suit on behalf of a dozen members and
supporters of the Catholic Action League of Massachusetts, seeking
to block implementation of Boston Mayor Thomas Menino's executive
order that extends eligibility for health benefits to same-sex
domestic partners of city employees.
On Dec. 2, plaintiffs'
attorney Vincent McCarthy appeared before Middlesex County,
Massachusetts, Superior Court Judge Charles Grabau seeking a
preliminary injunction to prevent the order from going into effect
pending a trial on the merits of plaintiffs' claim that the mayor
did not have authority to promulgate the order.
Grabau was to rule
on the order after this issue of _Law Notes_ goes to press.
Full
details next month.
_Boston Globe_, Dec. 3; _Associated Press_,
Dec. 2.
The Vermont Supreme Court heard oral argument Nov. 18 on the
state's refusal to grant marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
In
December 1997, the Superior Court had rejected the challenge in
_Baker v. State of Vermont, No. S1009-97 Cnc (Crittendon Super. Ct.
1997).
Supporters of the plaintiffs were cheered by the
questioning of the judges, which seemed to indicate some sympathy
for the plaintiffs' case.
The _New York Times_ reported on Nov.
19: "In questioning lawyers Wednesday, some of the justices seemed
to challenge the ban on same-sex marriage more than the proposal to
lift it."
California Secretary of State Bill Jones announced Nov. 17 that
proponents of a ballot initiative to ban same-sex marriages in that
state have submitted sufficient signatures for a place on the
ballot in March 2000.
The measure, labelled the "definition of
marriage" initiative, mandates that the state only recognize as
valid a marriage between a man and a woman.
_Los Angeles Times_,
Nov. 18.
The U.S. Supreme Court refused to review the case of Charles
Merino, a California police officer who was removed as a boy scout
leader by the San Diego scouts after he "came out" as gay.
Merino's case was lost in the state courts on the ground that the
Scouts are not covered by the state's public accommodations law.
He tried to raise an equal protection issue in his certiorari
petition to the Supreme Court, but it would be unusual (virtually
unprecedented) for the Court to grant certiorari on a ground never
raised or considered in the lower courts.
_Merino v. San Diego Boy
Scouts_, 1998 WL 687066, No. 98-544 (Nov. 30).
The Supreme Court denied certiorari in _Valentin v. Gates_, 1998 WL
686944, No. 98-526 (Nov. 16), letting stand lower court rulings
that judges have tort immunity for their judicial actions.
Raul
Valentin, a transsexual, wanted to sue a Pennsylvania state judge
who sentenced Valentin to exile from Lebanon, Pennsylvania, after
Valentin was convicted by a magistrate of disorderly conduct as a
result of an incident at a town swimming pool.
According to an
Associated Press report, Valentin, a preoperative transsexual who
had been taking hormone injections to enhance breast size, was
wearing a bikini and got involved in some sort of scrap with others
at the pool.
While serving a brief prison sentence, Valentin was
tested and found to be HIV+.
Valentin was then taken before Common
Pleas Judge G. Thomas Gates, who ordered Valentin to leave town and
not come back; the judge threatened Valentin with incarceration in
state prison if Valentin returned to Lebanon.
Valentin was taken
to the bus station and put on the bus with a one-way ticket to New
York City.
Valentin now lives in a hospice on Staten Island.
Valentin sued Judge Gates in federal court in 1997, but the action
was dismissed on immunity grounds.
_Associated Press_, Nov. 16.
U.S. District Judge Bruce Jenkins (C.D. Utah) has refused to issue
preliminary relief in _East High Gay/Straight Alliance v. Board of
Education_, No. 2:98CV193J, an action brought jointly by the ACLU
Lesbian and Gay Rights Project and Lambda Legal Defense & Education
Fund on behalf of high school students in Salt Lake City seeking to
form a gay/straight student alliance.
The lawsuit challenges a
school district policy withholding recognition from all
extracurricular student clubs.
Jon Davidson, a Lambda attorney,
told the Associated Press that the plaintiffs may try to bring an
interlocutory appeal of the Nov. 25 ruling.
_Associated Press_,
Nov. 26.
Lambda attorney David Buckel appeared to argue the
preliminary injunction motion for the plaintiffs.
Russell Henderson and Aaron McKinney, co-defendants in the murder
of Matthew Shepard, pleaded not guilty to first degree murder,
kidnapping and robbery charges in Albany County, Wyoming, District
Court on Dec. 2.
Shepard, a gay college student, was found hanging
almost lifeless tied to a fence and subsequently died in a
hospital.
Police have obtained confessions from both defendants,
indicating that they had pretended to be gay to lure Shepard into
their truck, intending to rob him, then took his wallet and beat
him severely, leaving him tied to the fence.
Exercising their
rights under local law, they moved for a change of judge, and are
expected to seek a change of venue away from Laramie.
Judge
Jeffrey Donnell will appoint a new judge to preside over the case.
Prosecutors must announced by Dec. 31 whether they will seek the
death penalty.
The suspects' girlfriends, also charged as
accessories after the fact, were to be arraigned on Dec. 9, after
which a trial date will be set for the men.
The men are seeking to
be prosecuted separately, but the prosecution has been seeking a
joint trial. _Washington Times_, Dec. 3.
The National Gay & Lesbian Task Force has issued a new report by
Prof. M.V. Lee Badgett, U. Mass. at Amherst, titled _Income
Inflation: The Myth of Affluence Among Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual
Americans_.
Countering the argument that sexual orientation
discrimination laws are not needed because gays are an economically
comfortable group, Badgett documents that gay men actually make
less on average than occupationally-comparable heterosexual men.
Badgett shows that the frequently-cited data to the contrary are
based on studies of non-representative groups, most often
subscribers to glossy publications, who are disproportionately
upper-middle-class compared to the gay population as a whole.
_USA
Today_, Dec. 3.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit affirmed the trial
court's judgment against a discrimination claim brought by Debera
Cochenour, who was discharged as an employee of Cameron Savings and
Loan in Missouri because she and another employee were spreading
rumors in the bank about the customers' sexual orientation.
_Cochenour v. Cameron Savings and Loan_, 1998 WL 789559 (Nov. 16).
Cochenour claimed violations of the Americans With Disabilities
Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and the Missouri
Human Rights Act, but a jury was unpersuaded, the trial judge
denied a motion for new trial, and the court of appeals found
Cochenour's claims of error at trial to be either unfounded or, in
one case, harmless.
U.S. District Judge Lowell A. Reed Jr. (E.D.Pa.) issued a temporary
restraining order on Nov. 19 blocking implementation of the so-
called Child Online Protection Act (COPA), 47 U.S.C. sec. 231,
recently signed into law by President Clinton.
COPA is Congress's
latest attempt to prevent the dissemination of sexually-oriented
material on the Internet.
The TRO, which was extended early in
December, will bar enforcement of the act until Feb. 2, 1999.
Reed
scheduled a hearing on a permanent injunction on Jan. 20.
_ACLU v.
Reno_, Civ. Act. No. 98-5591 (E.D.Pa.).
A Teradyne, Inc., employee announced in an internet posting on Oct.
30 that Teradyne, Inc., has announced domestic partnership benefits
(medical/dental/vision) for same-sex partners of its U.S.
employees.
Rutgers University in New Jersey announced Nov. 13 that it will
extend health benefits to same-sex partners of its employees to
settle a pending discrimination suit.
_New York Times_, Nov. 14.
Johns Hopkins University had previously announced a similar
decision, which will be effective in 1999.
_Baltimore Sun_, Oct.
30.
The City Council in Salt Lake City, Utah, which first passed a gay
rights ordinance by a 5-2 vote, and then repealed the measure
shortly thereafter by a 4-3 vote, has now moved to adopt a new
ordinance that prohibits city supervisors from basing employment
decisions on anything other than "job-related criteria."
This is
a new-style don't ask, don't tell ordinance: don't ask if it
forbids sexual orientation discrimination, and we won't tell you
that this is what we are doing.
Just to make sure everybody knows
what is being covered, the measure includes the following statement
in the list of prohibited bases for employment decisions: "The
status of having a lifestyle which is irrelevant to successful job
performance; and the status of being in or outside of an adult
interpersonal relationship or a family relationship."
_Salt Lake
Tribune_, Nov. 16.
Mark Iversen, a former high school student in the Kent, Washington,
school district, has settled his harassment suit against the
district for $40,000.
Iversen, who claimed that school officials
failed to protect him against anti-gay harassment, had filed suit
in July 1997, represented by the ACLU.
The trial was scheduled to
begin on Nov. 10 in Seattle, but settlement was reached on Nov. 6.
Iversen is now a community college student, and will use the money
for his education, personal counseling, and contributions to
organizations that advocate youth diversity issues.
_News
Tribune_, Tacoma, Nov. 7.
The _Washington Post_, reversing a long-standing policy, will now
accept paid advertisements for same-sex unions.
However, unlike
announcements of weddings and engagements that are published on
Wednesdays, the same-sex union announcements will be published on
Friday's together with announcements of bar and bat mitzvas, family
reunions, confirmations, retirements, and other special events.
The _Post_ announced that the Wednesday society column was reserved
for legally-recognized events.
_Washington Blade_, Nov. 6.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Karen Tramontano, an openly-lesbian attorney, has been appointed
Assistant to the President and Counselor to the Chief of Staff in
the White House.
Tramontano will serve as a senior policy advisor
to President Clinton as holder of one of the dozen top policy
positions in the Executive Office, according to Richard Socarides,
the White House Special Assistant who serves as President Clinton's
liaison to the lesbian and gay community.
_Washington Blade_, Nov.
6.
The National Employment Law Project, based in New York City, is
searching for a new Executive Director
This organization
specializes in impact litigation, public advocacy, support for
organizing, technical assistance to grassroots organizations,
unions and policy makers, and production of publications, all
relating to individual and collective worker rights.
Along with
the usual administrative and policy skills, the job requires at
least five years prior experience in the not-for-profit sector.
Compensation starting at $60-70k, depending on experience, with
excellent benefits.
Send resume and cover letter by Dec. 11 to:
Mr. Marttie L. Thompson, Chair, Board of Directors, NELP, 55 John
Street, 7th Fl., New York NY 10038.
A new association of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender lawyers
in Israel will meet Dec. 9, at the offices of the Society for Gays,
Lesbians, Bisexuals and Transgenders in Israel in Tel-Aviv.
Information on the association can be obtained by e-mail:
.
A.S.L.
Developments in European and U.K. Law
_European Convention on Human Rights._
On Nov. 1, Protocol No. 11
to the European Convention on Human Rights came into force.
(For
the text of the Convention, as amended by Protocol No. 11, see
"Texts" at www.coe.fr.)
The Protocol makes several major changes
to the procedure for enforcing the Convention, but does not change
any of the substantive rights.
The old full-time European
Commission of Human Rights (a screening body) and part-time
European Court of Human Rights are effectively merged into a new
full-time European Court of Human Rights.
Of the 39 judges
appointed to the Court so far (one for each of the 40 Council of
Europe member states, except Russia, which has not appointed a
judge yet),
8 are women vs. only one for the old Court.
The
jurisdiction of the new Court is compulsory under new Article 34,
whereas the jurisdiction of the old Commission and old Court had
been subject to the periodic (and revocable) consent of the
respondent government under old Articles 25 and 46. Applications by
individuals complaining of violations of their Convention rights
will now be made directly to the new Court, but around 90% will
probably be declared inadmissible by three-judge Committees (the
rough equivalent of a denial of cert. by the U.S. Supreme Court).
Applications declared admissible will be heard by seven-judge
Chambers, or where there is a serious question of interpretation or
a risk of inconsistency with a prior judgment of the Court, by a
seventeen-judge Grand Chamber.
_Incorporation of the European Convention into U.K. Law._
On Nov.
9, the Human Rights Act 1998 received the Royal Assent (notional
signature by Queen Elizabeth II) and became law, although it is not
expected to come into force until 2000 (to allow for a period of
judicial training).
The Act (www.hmso.gov.uk/acts.htm) partially
incorporates the rights in Articles 2 to 12 and 14 of the
Convention, and parts of Protocols 1 and 6, into U.K. law.
Since
the Convention came into force in 1953, it has not been possible to
enforce it directly in a U.K. court, but only to invoke it as an
aid to interpreting ambiguous Acts of the U.K. Parliament, or as an
inspiration for the development of common law rules.
Direct
enforcement required a trip to the European Commission and Court of
Human Rights in Strasbourg.
From 2000, litigants will be able to
enforce it directly in U.K. courts, but only against acts of public
authorities other than primary legislation (Acts of Parliament),
i.e., secondary legislation and decisions of cabinet ministers,
administrative agencies, the police, immigration officials, etc.
that are not strictly required or authorized by primary
legislation.
Although sec. 3(1) requires courts to interpret
primary legislation, "so far as it is possible to do so . . . in a
way which is compatible with the Convention rights," taking into
account the case law of the European Court and Commission of Human
Rights (sec. 2), secs. 3(2) and 4(6) make it clear that courts do
not have the power to strike down primary
legislation that clearly violates the Convention.
The Labour
government was not ready to break with the British tradition of
parliamentary sovereignty.
Thus, the courts will be bound to
uphold a hypothetical "Torture of Terrorists Act 2000."
A judgment
finding that such an Act violates the Convention, and which is
binding on the U.K. government under Article 46 of the Convention,
can only be obtained from the European Court of Human Rights.
U.K.
courts are empowered to issue non-binding declarations of
incompatibility under sec. 4.
These have no legal force but may
have some political utility.
The government may invoke a
fast-track amendment procedure under sec. 10 if it chooses to
comply with the court's declaration.
An amendment to Article 14
(non-discrimination) of the Convention, adding an express reference
to "sexual orientation," was rejected, but this proposal was a
complete non-starter, in that it was always understood that
incorporation would take place without changing a single word of
the substantive rights in the Convention.
An attempt to add a
blanket exemption for religious institutions, so as to preclude
feared challenges to refusals to ordain openly gay or lesbian
priests or celebrate same-sex marriages, was watered down to a
requirement in sec. 13 that courts "have particular regard" to the
importance of freedom of religion (Article 9 of the Convention).
_Same-Sex Partners of European Community Staff._
On Nov. 19, _D.
and Sweden v. Council of the European Union_, Case T-264/97, was
argued in the Court of First Instance of the European Communities
in Luxembourg.
The government of Sweden is supporting D.'s
argument that his employer, the Council [of Ministers], should
treat his Swedish same-sex registered partnership as equivalent to
a marriage.
See 1998 L.G.L.N. 136.
There is generally no Advocate
General's opinion in the Court of First Instance, so judgment could
be rendered as early as Feb. 1999.
_French National Assembly Debates Partnership Law._
The bill
creating a new institution of "pactes civils de solidarite (civil
solidarity pacts)," and granting those entering into these pacts
many of the rights of married different-sex couples (but not the
right to adopt children jointly), was debated by the French
National Assembly (lower house of Parliament) in early November.
These pacts would be open both to same-sex couples and
different-sex couples who choose not to marry.
This correspondent
witnessed the vigorous, indeed noisy and undemocratic, opposition
of deputies from parties of the right, who are doing everything
possible to delay passage of the bill.
If and when it is passed,
they will probably take a case to the Constitutional Council,
challenging its validity under the French Constitution.
The text
of the bill, related documents, and the debates can be found at
www.assemblee-nationale.fr under "Dossiers d'Actualite - PACS."
_Ireland Bans Sexual Orientation Discrimination in Employment._
On
19 June, the President of Ireland signed into law the Employment
Equality Act, 1998, which bans discrimination in public or private
sector employment based on sexual orientation and eight other
grounds (including "membership of the travelling community").
The
Unfair Dismissals (Amendment) Act, 1993 had already banned
dismissals based on sexual orientation.
The 1998 Act extends this
protection to, inter alia, hiring, promotion, working conditions,
collective agreements, advertising and vocational training.
For
further information, contact info@justice.irlgov.ie.
_Dr. Robert
Wintemute, School of Law, King's College, London_
Other International Notes
South Africa's new Employment Equity Act, Act No. 55 of 1998, has
now been promulgated, with text published in the Government
Gazette, No. 19370, Oct. 19, 1998.
Sec. 6 of the Act specifically
forbids unfair discrimination, inter alia, on the basis of sexual
orientation or HIV status, and Sec. 7(2) provides that HIV testing
for employment may only be undertaken if "such testing is
determined to be justifiable by the Labour Court." * * * Pension
Funds Adjudicator John Murphy has ordered a South African pension
fund to pay death benefits to a gay man in Cape Town following the
death of his partner from AIDS.
Murphy based his action on the
South African constitution, which bans sexual orientation
discrimination.
Murphy reasoned that homosexual unions, in
appropriate circumstances, should enjoy the same status, rights and
benefits as heterosexual unions.
_Cape Argus newspaper_, South
Africa, Oct. 31, 1998.
Trials of politicians on charges of inappropriate homosexual
activity occurred during November in Zimbabwe and Malaysia.
In
Zimbabwe, former president (1980-1987) Canaan Banana was convicted
of sodomy and assault in incidents involving bodyguards, chefs and
gardeners at his official residence while he was in office, but
Banana did not hang around for sentencing, fleeing the jurisdiction
and turning up on Dec. 2 in a meeting with South African President
Nelson Mandela.
An Interpol official speculated to the press that
Banana was hoping to gain asylum in Chile.
Meanwhile, in Malaysia,
Anwar Ibrahim, deputy prime minister and finance minister, was on
trial on charges that he had made his wife's former driver a
"homosexual sex slave."
Ibrahim, who has denied the charges,
asserts that they are politically motivated.
The British Labour government decided to include a proposal to
equalize the age of consent for gay men with that for heterosexuals
(16) in the Queen's Speech at the opening of Parliament on Nov. 24,
even though a similar measure that had passed the last session of
the Commons was defeated in the House of Lords in July; the new
proposal will include provisions intended to protect 16-17 year
olds from exploitation by older men.
The government shelved plans
to repeal Clause 28 of the 1988 Local Government Act, which had
banned local councils from expending funds for activities that
might "promote" homosexuality, mainly due to political fallout from
the "outing" or voluntary coming out of three members of the Blair
cabinet, one of whom, Welsh Secretary Ron Davies, resigned after it
was revealed that he may have been blackmailed in connection with
an assignation at a known gay cruising place.
Also among the newly
out were Agriculture Minister Nick Brown and Trade and Industry
Secretary Peter Mandelson, one of Prime Minister Tony Blair's
closest political associates and advisors.
Culture Secretary Chris
Smith, who was appointed as an openly-gay minister, can now start
a cabinet caucus if he is so inclined.
_N.Y. Times_, Nov. 12; _Los
Angeles Times_, Nov. 11; _Daily Telegraph London_, Nov. 6; _Daily
Mail_, Nov. 5.
Peter Tatchell, leader of the British gay rights group Outrage, was
convicted on Dec. 1 of "indecent behaviour in a church" under an
1860 statute and punished with a token fine, amounting to about $30
in U.S. money, for having staged a protest in Canterbury Cathedral
just before the Archbishop was to deliver his Easter sermon.
Tatchell had ascended to the pulpit and called for the church to
end its opposition to an equal age of consent for gay men and its
ban on ordination of openly gay clergy.
_Associated Press_, Dec.
2.
Glen Murray has become the first openly gay man to be elected mayor
of a major Canadian city: Winnipeg, the capital of Manitoba
province.
_Associated Press_, Oct. 30.
The Tel-Aviv (Israel) Family Court ruled Oct. 18 that it does not
have jurisdiction to hear a claim arising from the break-up of a
longtime gay male couple, because the men, who had been together 15
years, did not constitute a family within the meaning of legal
definitions governing the court's jurisdiction.
Judge Shtofman
suggested that the plaintiff file suit in the District Court, which
has plenary jurisdiction.
(Based on an Internet posting by Aeyal
Gross, Faculty of Law, Tel-Aviv University)
Israel now has its first openly-gay elected official: Michal Eden,
a lesbian who was elected to Tel Aviv's municipal council on the
Meretz Party line.
Tel Aviv is the largest city in Israel.
(Based
on an Internet posting by the Community of Feminist Lesbians in
Israel.)
The Dutch Cabinet has approved a legislative proposal to allow
same-sex couples to adopt children.
However, to avoid controversy
with other countries, only Dutch children could be adopted.
The
measure will be submitted to the Parliament early in 1999.
Same-
sex couples in the Netherlands were allowed to enter a civil
contract akin to marriage effective last Jan. 1, but the new status
did not include the same rights to adopt children that are afforded
to heterosexually married couples.
_Associated Press_, Nov. 15;
_Reuters_, Nov. 13.
Canada's courts, which have been far out front of other countries
in expanding the legal rights of same-sex couples, are now
pondering the accompanying responsibilities.
Brian Orser, a pro
figure skater and two-time Olympic silver medalist, is the
respondent in a palimony suit by a former boyfriend, Craig Leask,
who is seeking $5,000 monthly support payments, property, access to
Orser's vacation home, and damages for "adultery" by Orser.
Orser
had tried to keep the case under wraps, but Ontario Court Judge
Susan Lang refused to keep the proceedings anonymous, stating that
disclosure of the parties' identities "would not attract any public
stigma" in modern Canadian society.
The outcome of _Leask v.
Orser_ will likely turn on the outcome of a case involving a
lesbian couple presently pending before the Canadian Supreme Court.
_Newark Star-Ledger_, Nov. 21; _Toronto Globe and Mail_, Nov. 19.
According to a posting on Queernet by Ales Pecnik of Ljubljana, the
new Slovenian "Law About Work Relations" which took effect Oct. 24,
1998, includes a ban on sexual orientation discrimination and same-
sex workplace harassment.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
6th Circuit Affirms Summary Judgment Against PWA in Discrimination
Suit
In an unpublished disposition, a divided panel of the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 6th Circuit upheld a grant of summary judgment to
the employer in an AIDS discrimination suit.
_Fisher v. Trinova
Corporation_, 1998 WL 774111 (Oct. 13) (notice to be published in
F.3d table).
Thomas Fisher, a 12-year employee, was fired without notice on June
23, 1994, from his position as Director of Total Quality Management
at Vickers, Inc., a subsidiary of Trinova Corp.
At the time,
Fisher had been working in that position in the defendant's Ohio
offices for about a year, after having transferred from another
subsidiary in Los Angeles where he had been employed as Manager of
Training and Education.
In 1991, Fisher suffered from Porphryia Cutanea Tarda, an unsightly
skin condition, and he also had a tumor removed from his neck that
year, leaving him gaunt and anemic.
In January 1992, he received
a positive result from an HIV test, and later (in 1993) confided in
one co-worker, Mary Everett, who has testified that she kept the
information totally confidential.
Later in 1992, Fisher received
an award from the company for his superior work, and when it proved
necessary to eliminate his position late in 1992, he was offered
the opportunity to transfer to the Ohio offices.
When he expressed
hesitancy due to the likely loss upon sale of his house, the
corporation bought his house at a rate somewhat below his purchase
price but well above the price the corporation recovered when it
resold the house.
During his employment in the Ohio office, Fisher
experienced recurrent shingles and got into a tussle with the
employer's insurance company, which required intervention from
corporate human resources staff in order to get Aetna to cover some
of his claims.
In January 1994, Fisher was diagnosed with AIDS-related complex and
began receiving AZT, submitting his claims to Aetna and
experiencing no problems with coverage.
When he was discharged in
June 1994 without warning, the company claimed that this was due to
elimination of his position, but Fisher came to believe that
decision-makers in the company suspected he had AIDS and had fired
him for that reason.
He believed that they would have learned from
Aetna that he was taking AZT, and suspected that his former co-
worker in Los Angeles may have shared the information with others.
Fisher filed suit under the Americans With Disabilities Act.
The district court granted summary judgment to the company.
Writing for the court of appeals panel, Circuit Judge Batchelder
found that Fisher had failed to provide to raise a colorable claim
that the company was aware that he was HIV+ or had AIDS-related
complex at the time he was discharged.
Wrote Batchelder, "the
plaintiff . . . must show in his prima facie case that it is at
least possible that the employer fired him because of the
disability; in other words, the plaintiff must show knowledge,
actual or constructive, before the burden ever shifts to the
employer. . . Fisher failed to provide the court with enough
evidence from which a jury could reasonably infer that Defendants
knew of Fisher's HIV status, instead setting forth only a
speculative theory lacking in evidentiary support."
Batchelder found that at best Fisher had suggested a possible chain
of information by which his supervisor could have known that he was
HIV+, but that the chain "contains too many broken links."
For
example, employees of the company's human resources department and
employees of Aetna submitted affidavits specifically denying that
the company employees knew the nature of Fisher's medications or
that Aetna would divulge such information to an employer, and
Fisher's co-worker swore that she never broke his confidence
concerning his HIV status.
Dissenting, Circuit Judge Merritt described this as a "close case"
in which he "would allow this case to go to the jury and not cut
off the plaintiff's opportunity to prove his case at trial. . .
The evidence discloses that a secretary to the plaintiff and
plaintiff's supervisor thought that plaintiff may have had AIDS and
that he was gay, and it seems likely that this information was
communicated to others at the company, including managers.
It was
suspicious that plaintiff was fired summarily after just a year at
his new job with the company in Ohio.
the plaintiff had worked for
the company for twelve years and had recently received an
outstanding employee award. I believe that the plaintiff's
evidence, taken in the light most favorable to him, raises an
inference that the company knew he had AIDS.
This inference
creates a genuine issue of material fact."
The court's decision is consistent with the 6th Circuit's overall
record of hostility to HIV and AIDS discrimination claims under the
ADA.
A.S.L.
Maine Supreme Court Affirms Decision to Let Mother Control Child's
AIDS Treatment
In a unanimous ruling issued on Nov. 19, the Supreme Judicial Court
of Maine affirmed the district court's ruling rejecting an attempt
by the state to superseded the mother of a 4-year-old HIV+ child in
making medical treatment decisions.
_In re Nikolas E._, 1998 WL
803280.
However, Chief Justice Wathen's opinion for the court
indicated that this might not be the last word on treatment for
Nikolas.
Nikolas's mother and father, who are divorced, are both HIV+, and
NIkolas's sister died in January 1997 from AIDS-related causes.
During 1997, Nikolas's family doctor, Jean Benson, referred Nikolas
to a pediatric infectious disease specialist, Dr. John Milliken,
who recommended that Nikolas undergo highly aggressive anti-
retroviral therapy, the latest high-potency drug cocktail for HIV
infection.
Nikolas's mother, recalling the severe reactions that
her daughter had suffered under an anti-retroviral regime, rejected
this recommendation, stating that she would rather wait to see how
Nikolas fared on his current treatment regimen before approving the
more high-powered treatment.
Milliken sent a copy of his treatment
recommendations to the state, expressing concern about the mother's
unwillingness to approve the treatment.
State officials then referred Nikolas's mother to another
specialist, in Boston, who discussed the therapies with her.
This
specialist, Dr. Kenneth McIntosh, opined that the mother was not
being irrational in her approach to the treatment issue, but the
state nonetheless brought suit for a child protection petition,
seeking to supplant Nikolas's mother as his medical decision-maker.
The district court, finding that the medical experts could not
state with certainty whether and how much the proposed treatment
would benefit Nikolas, and finding that the mother was keeping an
"open mind" about future resort to this therapy should Nikolas's
condition worsen, refused to grant the petition.
The guardian ad
litem who had been appointed by the district court to represent
Nikolas's interests in the proceeding appealed this determination.
After concluding that the guardian had standing to appeal the
district court's ruling, despite the failure of the state to
initiate an appeal, Chief Justice Wathen found that the statutory
authorization for the state under 22 M.R.S.A. sec. 4003 provided
that children could be taken from the custody of their parents
"only where failure to do so would jeopardize their health and
welfare."
In this case, the district court had construed this to
mean that the state had a burden of showing imminent danger to
Nikolas before his mother's custody could be terminated.
Endorsing
the district court's view, Wathen noted that Nikolas's mother's
willingness to keep an open mind about future treatment suggested
that the harm requirement of the statute had not been met, and
found that the district court's "findings implicitly reflect that
the appropriate factors were weighed" in determining whether the
state had met its burden to justify terminating custody.
Since the district court's findings were reviewable under the
"clear error" standard, and the expert testimony failed to quantify
conclusively how the proposed treatment would benefit Nikolas, the
Supreme Judicial Court refused to substitute its judgment of the
evidence for that of the district court.
"In this case, although
there was evidence that would support the guardian's argument that
Nikolas was in circumstances of jeopardy, the evidence does not
compel such a finding to the exclusion of any other.
The
credibility and weight of the evidence is within the province of
the factfinder," wrote Wathen.
The state had conceded that the
expert testimony could be construed either way.
"Thus, the court
was not clearly erroneous in remaining unpersuaded that jeopardy
had been established."
However, Wathen cautioned that should either Nikolas's condition or
the information about available treatments change, "that balance
could shift in favor of treatment.
Neither the parents nor the
State should assume that the trial court's decision, affirmed by
our opinion today, is necessarily the final word on treatment for
Nikolas."
A.S.L.
Eleventh Circuit Backs Away From AIDS Insurance Ruling
In _World Insurance Co. v. Branch_, 156 F.3d 1142 (11th Cit., Sept.
29), the court backed away from a trial court ruling on AIDS-caps
under Title III of the Americans With Disabilities Act by finding
the issue moot and vacating a ruling by U.S. District Judge Richard
C. Freeman which had been issued on May 22, 1997.
In his ruling, _World Insurance Co. v. Branch_, 966 F.Supp. 1203
(N.D.Ga. 1997), Freeman had found that an attempt by an insurer to
limit lifetime AIDS claims under a health insurance policy to
$5,000 was unlawful disability discrimination under the public
accommodations provisions of the ADA.
At the same time, however,
Freeman had determined that the plaintiff insurance company's
demand to rescind the policy for fraud (non-disclosure of HIV
status by the insurance applicant) would be governed by Texas law,
which allows fraud claims to proceed despite an insurance policy's
incontestability clause.
Subsequently, Freeman ordered the policy
rescinded.
Defendant Ralph Branch appealed the rescission order,
and the Plaintiff insurance company appealed the AIDS-cap ADA
ruling.
In a brief per curiam opinion, the circuit court upheld the
rescission ruling and stated that "because the policy has been
rescinded, the district court's ruling regarding AIDS and Title III
of the ADA is moot and is vacated."
At the time it was issued,
Freeman's ruling was hailed as a potentially significant precedent
under the ADA, as courts are divided over whether the contents of
insurance policies are covered under the public accommodations
provisions of that statute.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Rules HIV+ Inmate Not Entitled to His Choice of
Treatment
In _Polanco v. Dworzack_, 1998 WL 770463 (U.S.Dist.Ct., W.D.N.Y.,
Sept. 30), District Judge Siragusa held that an HIV+ state prison
inmate did not have a constitutional right to his treatment of
choice.
Wilfredo Polanco had been incarcerated at Clinton Correctional
Facility, where he was receiving a dietary supplement called
"Ensure" as part of his HIV-related treatment.
He was transferred
to Attica, where his continued demands to continue receiving Ensure
were rejected by the prison staff.
Polanco filed suit claiming an
8th Amendment violation based on the refusal of the medical staff
at Attica to provide the dietary supplement he had requested.
(Polanco refused conventional HIV/AIDS treatments, insisting that
he would treat his condition solely through dietary supplements.)
The Attica medical staff determined that he did not need a dietary
supplement, based on a thorough physical examination, but did
relent to the extent of placing him on a list to receive an extra
snack each evening, usually a bologna sandwich.
Polanco was
allegedly abusive to the staff, and occasionally threw the sandwich
back at the server.
State corrections officials investigated his
complaints, and determined that he had received frequent treatment,
a full examination upon arrival and regular monitoring, and that he
had refused the drugs that had been prescribed for him.
When he
left Attica, his weight was higher than when he arrived.
District Judge Siragusa held that the defendants were entitled to
judgment as a matter of law.
"The defendants have demonstrated
that they properly treated the plaintiff in accordance with
Attica's medical protocols. . .
The defendants have demonstrated
that the plaintiff's complaint is only that he was not given a
specific, name-brand dietary supplement.
The plaintiff was given
a daily supplementary snack, however he was dissatisfied because he
did not receive Ensure.
Thus, the plaintiff's claim arises
entirely from his disagreement with his doctor's medical judgment."
Under established 8th Amendment standards, a prisoner's
disagreement with a prison doctor's professional judgment does not
rise to the level of cruel and unusual punishment necessary to
state a valid legal claim against the prison.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Lets Breach of Confidentiality Claim in City Jail
Proceed Against Milwaukee
U.S. District Judge Gordon (E.D.Wis.) refused to dismiss a claim
that the City of Milwaukee may have violated the rights of an HIV+
person when police officers placed a sign on his jail cell stating
"HIV Positive Inmate."
_Roe v. City of Milwaukee_, 1998 WL 790728
(Nov. 2).
Plaintiff "John Roe" was arrested by Milwaukee police officers late
on the night of May 6, 1997, for reasons not specified in this
opinion.
Noticing that he had a cut on his hand, the officers
called a paramedic to the scene, to whom Roe disclosed that he was
HIV+.
When he was brought to the police station for booking, Roe
disclosed his HIV status to the booking officer.
After he was
placed in his holding cell, the booking officer taped a pink piece
of paper with bold black writing on his cell door, stating "HIV
Positive Inmate."
Doe asked why the sign was placed there, and the
officer replied that it was "a reminder to sanitize the cell after
the plaintiff left and before another inmate occupied the cell."
Roe asked that the sign be removed, and eventually (after three
hours) it was.
Roe alleged that the sign was visible to other
prisoners and anyone else coming into the jail.
Roe filed a suit in state court, alleging federal and state
constitutional and statutory violations against both the city and
individual named police officers.
The defendants removed the case
to federal court and filed motions to dismiss.
Roe moved to have
the state law claims remanded to state court, and for the federal
court to abstain from ruling on the federal claims until the state
law claims were decided.
Judge Gordon agreed with Roe that the state law claims raised novel
questions concerning interpretation of Wisconsin's privacy statute
as well as the Wisconsin constitution, as to which there was no
controlling state court precedent, and thus that it was prudent for
the court not to exercise supplementary jurisdiction over these
claims and to remand them.
Turning to the federal claims, Gordon
ruled first that abstention on these claims was not appropriate,
since resolution of the state law claims would have no significant
effect on the federal claims.
Gordon next ruled that the
individual named defendants have qualified immunity, rejecting
Roe's argument that a prior decision by the 7th Circuit on a
prisoner HIV confidentiality claim would have established at the
time of this incident that the officers' actions were
unconstitutional.
Gordon found that the statements in the opinion
upon which Roe relied were dicta in that case, and that prior
district court opinions on which Roe relied could not serve to show
that a constitutional principle was established at a particular
time.
However, Gordon found that Roe had alleged a facially valid claim
that the city's failure to train, supervise and enforce lawful
policies regarding disclosures of jail occupants' HIV-status
deprived Roe of his rights to privacy, liberty, due process and
equal protection in violation of the 9th and 14th Amendment and
constituted cruel and unusual punishment under the 8th and 14th
Amendment.
Gordon commented that "a local government entity may be
subject to suit under sec. 1983 for inadequate training of its
employees. . .
where the failure to train amounts to deliberate
indifference to the rights of persons with whom municipal employees
come into contact."
In this case, Roe's allegations were
sufficient to state a claim "because they give the defendants
notice of the plaintiff's claim against the City."
Further, that
the individual officers could not be held liable because of
qualified immunity was not dispositive of the city's liability,
since the immunity ruling was not based on the merits of the claim.
Gordon also ordered that Roe file a new motion seeking the right to
proceed anonymously in federal court, as his only motion for
anonymity had been filed solely with the state court.
A.S.L.
California Appeal Court Rules Defendant May Not Be Subjected to
Involuntary HIV Testing Apart From Statutorily Specified Grounds
In _People v. Khonsavanh S._, 79 Cal. Rptr. 2d 80 (Oct. 14), the
California Court of Appeal, Fourth District, Division 1, held that
a juvenile convicted of a felony and sentenced to confinement could
not ordered to undergo AIDS testing as matter of judicial
discretion, absent presence of a statutory basis for such testing.
Khonsavanh was a member of Oriental Killer Boys (OKB), a street
gang. On two consecutive nights, shots were fired from the same car
at members of a rival gang, who fled both times.
Khonsavanh was
admittedly in the car on the second night, having joined his gang
members explicitly to go cruising in the rival gang's territory,
although he claimed that at the time he was in the back seat and
sleepy from drinking at a party earlier that evening.
There was no
finding that Khonsavanh had fired any of the 10 to 20 shots that
were fired.
No person was injured, although on the first night a
dog was hurt. Investigators traced the car to an OKB member, who
admitted he was involved in both incidents.
Khonsavanh was
convicted after trial before a court-appointed referee of aiding
and abetting the shootings on the second night and was sentenced to
a maximum term of confinement fixed on appeal at 18 years and 4
months.
After the conviction, with no request by the prosecution nor a
recommendation to such effect by the referee, the trial court on
its own initiative ordered Khonsavanh to undergo AIDS testing. In
addition to appealing the conviction, Khonsavanh appealed from that
order.
After upholding the conviction, Associate Justice Haller, writing
for the court, addressed the testing order. Haller rejected the
Attorney General's argument of waiver by failure of Khonsavanh to
object below, and held there were "peculiar circumstances"
justifying a finding of no waiver. Haller found that the issue
arose fleetingly at the close of the dispositional hearing, in
which defense counsel was "utterly surprised" by the court's ruling
and had little opportunity to react. Haller agreed that the waiver
doctrine was sound in that it is intended to reduce errors
committed in the first instance and to conserve judicial appellate
resources. He noted that in the usual case, not presented here,
both sides know before the dispositional hearing the likely
sentence and the reasons to be advanced.
As to involuntary AIDS testing, Haller held that such testing is
"strictly limited" by statute and that, pursuant to California's
Health and Safety Code, Sec. 120990, sub. (a), absent a statutory
basis for such testing, "no person" may be involuntarily tested for
AIDS.
Haller concluded that AIDS tests may be ordered only under
circumstances specified in the statute, all of which involve
situations where theoretically HIV might have been transmitted.
Haller found no evidence that any of the specified provisions
applied, nor did the Attorney General so contend.
Haller held that
the trial court erred in ordering Khonsavanh to undergo AIDS
testing.
In a footnote, Haller commented without explanation that the issue
is probably moot, which most likely means that Khonsavanh in fact
underwent testing, but emphasized the court's intention that this
holding would be instructive to the local juvenile court.
_Arthur
J. Levy_
N.Y. Appellate Division Rules Against AIDS Housing Organization in
N.Y.C. Contract Dispute
A panel of the N.Y. Appellate Division, First Department, has
unanimously reversed a preliminary injunction that had barred the
City of New York from interfering with the housing contracts of
Housing Works, Inc., a non-profit AIDS housing organization,
pending a trial of the merits of Housing Works's litigation against
the City.
_Housing Works, Inc. v. City of New York_, N.Y.L.J.,
11/23/98, p. 28, col.3 (1st Dept.).
Housing Works has been providing housing to more than 200 persons
with AIDS under a "scatter site housing" program by contract with
the City of New York.
Under the program, Housing Works rents
apartments and sublets them to homeless people with AIDS, and the
City provides the funding for the rentals and supportive services.
In 1996, the City undertook an audit of Housing Works due to
reports about financial irregularities.
The audit purportedly
turned up significant problems with Housing Works' accounting
systems, improper transfers of City funds from Housing Works to
other organizations, and misappropriation of City funds by a
Housing Works employee.
After repeated audits, the City announced
that it would not renew Housing Works's contracts and would
reassign them to other providers of housing services for PWA's.
Housing Works, a persistent and vocal critic of the Giuliani
Administration, claimed that this action was retaliatory, and filed
suit in New York Supreme Court.
Evidently Housing Works convinced
Justice Emily Jane Goodman, who has repeatedly restrained the City
from terminating its contracts with Housing Works, although all of
her orders have been vacated on appeal.
Finally, she issued a
preliminary injunction, having concluded that Housing Works was
likely to prevail on its retaliation claim.
The Appellate Division not only unanimously reversed, but also
ordered that the case be reassigned to another trial judge.
The
panel concluded that the audits, if accurate, provided an
independent ground for terminating the contracts regardless of the
retaliation issue.
Under established 1st Amendment precedents,
even if it is shown that a government actor has taken action in
retaliation for protected expressive activity by a government
employee or contractor, the government is nonetheless privileged to
act if it had a valid nondiscriminatory basis for taking the
action.
The Appellate Division panel concluded that this was
likely the case with the Housing Works contracts, noting that the
contracts were expressly terminable at will by the City and that
the allegations of wrongdoing (to which Housing Works had not
responded through the proper administrative review channels,
according to this opinion) were sufficient to disqualify Housing
Works from continuing to administer these contracts.
A.S.L.
N.Y. Appellate Division Partially Revives Tort Claim in Needle-
Stick Injury Case
In a decision announced Nov. 19, the N.Y. Appellate Division, 3rd
Department, ruled that even though the plaintiff was not actually
exposed to HIV in a needle-stick incident, he might nevertheless
seek damages in connection with the AZT treatment to which he
submitted as a result of the incident.
_McLarney v. Community
Health Plan_, NYLJ, 12/2/98, p.25, col.3.
Daniel McLarney performed trash removal work at the defendant's
dental clinic, presumably employed by a contractor.
He was
accidentally stuck by a needle while removing a bag of trash from
a dental examining room.
He reported the incident to the defendant
clinic, then went to the hospital with the needle.
The emergency
room nurse ascertained that the needle did not contain sufficient
material to test for the presence of HIV, so it was discarded.
McLarney was told that he should treat the incident as if he had
been exposed to HIV, and was prescribed a 6-8 week course of AZT
treatment.
He developed severe side effects to AZT, and
discontinued the treatment before it had run its course.
He never
tested HIV+ and there is no evidence that the needle was used on
any HIV+ patients at the dental clinic.
In seeking treatment for
the side effects from AZT, McLarney learned that he had a hiatal
hernia, as well as an esophageal ulcer that may have been caused or
exacerbated by the AZT treatment or the stress of the situation.
McLarney sued for emotional distress for fear of developing AIDS,
a violation of Public Health Law sec. 1389-cc, and compensation for
physical injuries and derivative losses caused directly by the
needlestick or the subsequent treatment.
The trial court granted
summary judgment to the defendant, citing the well-established New
York rule that fear of AIDS claims stemming from needle-stick
incidents must be dismissed in the absence of evidence of actual
exposure to HIV.
While affirming dismissal of the first two claims, Justice Paul
Yesawich, Jr., found that the third claim for compensatory damages
should be allowed.
Even though emotional distress damages for fear
of contracting AIDS are not recoverable under these circumstances,
plaintiff had sustained an actual needle-stick injury for which
treatment was prescribed and suffered actual ill effects from the
treatment, therefore normal rules of tort recovery should apply if
the defendant is found negligent at trial.
A.S.L.
N.Y. Appellate Court Terminates Parental Rights to HIV-Positive
Child
In a per curiam ruling issued Oct. 27, the N.Y. Appellate Division,
First Department, affirmed an order by New York County Family Court
Judge Leah Marks terminating the parental rights of "John J." over
Atreyu Rashawn G., who is HIV+.
_In re Atreyu Rashawn G._, 679
N.Y.S.2d 129.
The basis for the court's finding of neglect in this
case was John J.'s "substantial and repeated failure to plan for
his child's future for a period of more than one year.
During the
relevant time period, respondent failed to avail himself of the
medical training necessary to enable him to care for the HIV-
positive child. . ., notwithstanding petitioner agency's diligent
efforts to encourage respondent's attendance at medical training
sessions scheduled to coincide and be held in conjunction with
respondent's child visitation at the agency."
The court also affirmed the decision to allow the child's foster
mother to adopt him.
"The foster parents were the only family the
child had ever known, and, the surviving foster mother has cared
for the child since his earliest infancy, and has become adept at
administering the medical care necessary to maintain his fragile
health."
A.S.L.
Florida Appellate Court Affirms HIV-Test Order for Criminal
Defendant
In _Isom v. State_, 1998 WL 830660 (Fla.App., 5th Dist., Nov. 30),
David Isom, charged with various sexual offenses, sought to appeal
the Brevard County Circuit Court's order that he submit to HIV
testing.
The District Court of Appeal denied Isom's petition for
certiorari, and his request for a stay pending further appeal.
Isom was charged with two counts of sexual activity with a minor by
a person in custodial authority, and four counts of committing a
lewd, lascivious or indecent act upon a child.
Other than
mentioning that in one of these counts Isom is charged with forcing
or enticing the victim to masturbate him, the court does not
otherwise describe the nature of the sexual activity.
The state
moved to require Isom to submit to HIV testing, and the trial court
granted the motion.
On appeal, Isom advanced three argument
against the testing.
First, he contended that his alleged offenses all occurred more
than 18 months before the testing was sought, and that in such a
case it made no sense to test him and much sense for the alleged
victims to get tested.
The court of appeal disagreed about the
timing of the charged events, and found that the statute that
authorizes testing of defendants contained no such time limit.
Next, Isom argued that the trial court's order violated a prior
decision of this court of appeal, which had rejected an attempt by
a criminal defendant to obtain HIV testing of the alleged victim.
The court noted that the prior decision was premised on the lack of
statutory authority for such testing, while this case came squarely
within Section 960.003 of the Florida code.
Finally, Isom argued that for him to be tested posed a positive
danger to his health in prison, because it is "impossible to keep
many things secret in the jail," and there was no testimony showing
a compelling reason why the alleged victim could not protect her
health by getting tested.
The court rejected this argument on the
ground that the statute does not require such an evidentiary
showing, and that is concerns about discrimination in prison are
"purely speculative at this juncture."
A.S.L.
Connecticut Trial Court Refuses to Strike AIDS Phobia Claim
Connecticut Superior Court Judge Pellegrino has refused to strike
a claim for unintentional infliction of emotional distress based on
fear of contracting AIDS, despite the failure of the plaintiff to
allege actual exposure to HIV.
_Crumb v. Waterbury Hospital Health
Center_, 1998 WL 761683 (J.D. Waterbury, Aug. 14).
Plaintiff Helen Crumb alleges that, while a patient in the
defendant's hospital, she suffered a needlestick injury while being
turned over in bed by a hospital staff member.
The needle was
apparently left in the bed or hospital linens.
She asserts that as
a result of this incident she developed a fear of contracting AIDS.
The court's opinion makes no mention of whether the needle was
found and tested for the presence of HIV.
Noting that the Connecticut Supreme Court did not adopt an "actual
exposure" requirement for AIDS phobia cases in _Barrett v. Danbury
Hospital_, 654 A.2d 748 (1995), its most recent precedent on AIDS
emotional distress, Pellegrino turned for guidance to _Montinieri
v. Southern New England Telephone Co._, 398 A.2d 1180 (1979), in
which that court stated that an action for unintentionally-caused
emotional distress "does not depend on proof of either an ensuing
physical injury or a risk of harm from physical impact" but must
include conduct by the defendant that "involved an unreasonable
risk of causing emotional distress."
On that basis, Pellegrino
found that Crumb's allegations were sufficient to withstand the
defendant's motion to strike.
A.S.L.
Suit Against Hospital for HIV Test Slip-Up Held Time-Barred
Reversing a ruling by the New York Supreme Court, Westchester
County, the Appellate Division, 2nd Department, ruled Oct. 26 that
a suit by Heidi Playford against the Phelps Memorial Hospital
Center on negligent failure to notify Ms. Playford of her HIV+ test
result is time-barred.
_Playford v. Phelps Memorial Hospital
Center_, 1998 WL 789377 (Oct. 26).
Playford was tested in October
1992 when she was pregnant, and was told a month later that she had
tested negative.
In fact, the hospital mixed up test results and
Playford was HIV+, but she was not informed of this until December
1995, when she learned that both she and two of her four children,
born after she was given the incorrect test report, were HIV+.
She
sued the hospital in December 1996.
The hospital moved to dismiss on timeliness grounds, claiming that
the statute of limitations for malpractice had run.
Supreme Court
denied the motion, holding that this was an ordinary negligence
claim rather than a malpractice claim, and that the "discovery"
rule, under which a claim accrues when the plaintiff discovers the
necessary underlying facts, applies to this case.
On appeal, the
court agreed that this is an ordinary negligence claim, but noted
that under New York law, the discovery rule only applies to claims
of exposure to toxic substances.
All other ordinary negligence
claims accrue upon occurrence of the injury, not on the date of
discovery.
Thus, under the 3-year statute, this claim was time-
barred.
A.S.L.
N.Y. Appellate Division Upholds Denial of Unemployment Benefits to
Worker Fired for Breaching HIV Confidentiality
The New York Appellate Division, 3rd Dept., has affirmed a decision
by the New York Unemployment Insurance Appeal Board that denied a
claim for benefits by a worker fired for breaching HIV
confidentiality rules.
_Matter of Guibert_, 1998 WL 762389 (Oct.
19).
The claimant was employed as an AIDS program coordinator at
a community health center.
She was discharged for divulging
information about a prospective client to a colleague who was not
a co-worker in the program.
Although she did not use the client's
name, a third party who overheard the conversation was able to
identify the client and passed the information to the client's
sister, who contemplated suing the employer for this breach of
confidentiality.
Although an administrative law judge ruled in
favor of the claimant, the Appeal Board reversed, finding that the
claimant had been discharged for misconduct on the job.
The court
found substantial evidence in the record to support the Board's
determination.
A.S.L.
Supreme Court to Review Military Conviction for Unsafe Sex
In June 1998, Law Notes reported that the Court of
Appeals for the
Armed Forces enjoined the Air Force from dropping Major James T.
Goldsmith from its rolls.
Goldsmith was convicted of violating a
"safe sex" order from a superior officer by having unprotected
vaginal intercourse with two women while he was HIV+.
The Air
Force attempted to drop Goldsmith from its rolls relying on a new
statute enacted after Goldsmith began serving his sentence.
The
Supreme Court has now granted the government's motion for writ of
certiorari and will review the decision on double-jeopardy, ex post
facto and jurisdictional grounds. _Clinton v. Goldsmith_, 1998 WL
552127, No. 98-347 (Nov. 2), granting certiorari in _Clinton v.
Goldsmith_, 48 M.J. 84 (CAAF 1998). _Todd V. Lamb_
AIDS Law & Society Notes
The New York Court of Appeals has agreed to review the case of _New
England Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Doe_, N.Y.L.J. at 31, col.6 (Apr.
10, 1998), in which the Appellate Division, 2nd Department, held
that an incontestability clause in an insurance policy barred the
insurer from canceling the policy it had sold to an HIV+ man.
Granting of the motion for leave to appeal was announced on
September 22.
Shortly thereafter, the Appellate Division, 4th
Dept., announced a similar decision in the case of _Pavata v. Paul
Revere Life Ins. Co._, No. 1161.
U.S. District Judge Suzanne B. Conlon ruled Dec. 2 in _Doe v.
Mutual of Omaha_, No. 98 C 325 (N.D.Ill.), that HIV and AIDS-
related caps on medical coverage in insurance policies violates the
Americans With Disabilities Act, according to a press release from
Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, which represents the
plaintiffs along with the AIDS Legal Council of Chicago.
The text
of the opinion was not available as we went to press.
Full details
next month.
A state court jury in Lafayette, Louisiana, convicted Dr. Richard
Schmidt of attempted second-degree murder on Oct. 23 for
intentionally injecting his former lover, Janice Trahan Allen, with
HIV-infected blood on Aug. 4, 1994.
DNA analysis of the HIV strain
that now infects Allen showed that she was infected with the same
strain that had infected a hepatitis patient from whom Schmidt
alleged drew blood.
At the time, Allen thought that Schmidt was
giving her a vitamin B-12 injection to combat chronic fatigue
syndrome.
_New Orleans Times Picayune_, Oct. 24.
According to
_Science_ magazine (No. 282: 851-852, Oct. 30, 1998), this was "the
first time that a DNA analysis of HIV strains was used in a
criminal court in the United States."
The California Supreme Court has voted to review the decision in
_Galanty v. Paul Revere Life Insurance Co., 66 Cal.App.4th 15, 77
Cal.Rptr.2d 589_ (Cal. Ct. App. Aug. 17, 1998), review granted,
Nov. 4, 1998, in which the 2nd district court of appeal allowed the
defendant insurer to escape coverage under a disability insurance
policy sold in 1989 to a man who had tested HIV+ in 1987 but had
not disclosed this fact on his insurance application.
The lower
court accepted the argument that an HIV+ person has a pre-existing
condition, even when the HIV+ person has not been under medical
treatment for that condition at the time the insurance policy goes
into effect.
(The court of appeal relied on the Supreme Court's
finding in _Bragdon v. Abbott_ that HIV infection constitutes an
impairment from the moment of infection.)
The insured was
diagnosed with AIDS in 1994 and made a claim for benefits, well
after the 2-year contestability period in the policy had expired.
Jon Davidson of Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund and former
Lambda attorney Mary Newcombe represent appellant Galanty. _San
Francisco Recorder_, Nov. 5.
The _Times of India_ reported Nov. 17 that the Indian Supreme Court
had ruled against a claim that a hospital violated the rights of an
HIV+ man by revealing his status to the family of his fiance, thus
preventing his marriage.
"If a person suffering from the dreadful
disease AIDS, knowingly marries a woman and thereby transmits
infection to that woman, he would be guilty of offenses under
Section 269 (negligent act likely to spread infection of disease
dangerous to life) and Section 270 (malignant act likely to spread
infection of disease dangerous to life) of the Indian Penal Code,"
said the court, ignoring the possibility of barrier contraceptives.
These two penal code sections have the effect of imposing a duty on
an HIV+ person to refrain from marrying, and imposing on the
hospital a duty to notify the infected person's prospective marital
partner.
The court ended its decision by stating that people with
AIDS "deserve full sympathy.
They are entitled to respect as human
beings.
They have to have the right to avocation.
Government jobs
or services cannot be denied to them as has been laid down in some
American decisions."
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Auslander, Leora, _Do Women's + Feminist + Men's + Lesbian and Gay
+ Queer Studies = Gender Studies?_, 9 Differences No. 3, 1 (Fall
1997).
Becker, Mary, _The Sixties Shift to Formal Equality and the Courts:
An Argument for Pragmatism and Politics_, 40 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 209
(Oct. 1998).
Blair, Anita K., _Constitutional Equal Protection, Strict Scrutiny
and the Politics of Marriage Law_, 47 Cath. U. L. Rev. 1231 (Summer
1998).
Campbell, Angus, and Kenneth Norrie, _Homosexual Rights in_ Romer
v. Evans_: Animus Averted_, 27 Anglo-Amer. L. Rev. 285 (July-Sept.
1998).
Cicchino, Peter M., _Reason and the Rule of Law: Should Bare
Assertions of "Public Morality" Qualify as Legitimate Government
Interests for the Purposes of Equal Protection Review?_, 87
Georgetown L. J. 139 (Oct. 1998).
Collett, Teresa Stanton, _Recognizing Same-Sex Marriage: Asking for
the Impossible?_, 47 Cath. U. L. Rev. 1245 (Summer 1998).
Culhane, John, _Review of Sexual Orientation and Human Rights_, 16
Wis. Int'l L.J. 579 (Summer 1998).
DeLaet, Debra L., _Don't Ask, Don't Tell: Where is the Protection
Against Sexual Orientation Discrimination in International Human
Rights Law?_, 7 L. & Sexuality 31 (1997).
Demas, Jeff, _Seven Dirty Words: Did They Help Define Indecency?_,
20 Communications & L. 39 (Sept. 1998).
Fahringer, Herald Price, _Zoning Out Free Expression: An Analysis
of New York City's Adult Zoning Resolution_, 46 Buff. L. Rev. 403
(Spring 1998).
Felder, Myrna, _A Nonbiological Father and Equitable Estoppel_,
NYLJ, 11/13/98, p.3, col. 1 (discussion of _Maby H. v. Joseph H._).
Finnis, John, _The Good of Marriage and the Morality of Sexual
Relations: Some Philosophical and Historical Observations, 42 Am.
J. Juris. 97 (1997) (Forum: Sexual Morality and the Possibility of
"Same-Sex Marriage").
Fredericks, Albert, _Adult Use Zoning: New York City's Journey on
the Well-Travelled Road From Suppression to Regulation of Sexually
Oriented Expression_, 46 Buff. L. Rev. 433 (Spring 1998).
Hirsch, H.N., _Levels of Scrutiny, the First Amendment, and Gay
Rights_, 7 L. & Sexuality 87 (1997).
Iglesias, Elizabeth M., & Francisco Valdes, _Religion, Gender,
Sexuality, Race and Class in Coalitional Theory: A Critical and
Self-Critical Analysis of LatCrit Social Justice Agendas_, 19
Chicano-Latino L. Rev. 503 (Spring 1998).
Johnson, Monica K., and Jennifer K. Robbennolt, _Using Social
Science to Inform the Law of Intestacy: The Case of Unmarried
Committed Partners_, 22 L. & Human Behavior 479 (Oct. 1998).
Jones, Logan M., _Regulating Child Pornography on the Internet --
The Implications of Article 34 of the United Nations Convention on
the Rights of the Child_, 6 Int'l J. Children's Rts. 55 (1998).
Koppelman, Andrew, _Is Marriage Inherently Heterosexual?_, 42 Am.
J. Juris. 51 (1997) (Forum: Sexual Morality and the Possibility of
"Same-Sex Marriage").
Kubasek, Nancy K., Kara Jennings, and Shannon T. Browne,
_Fashioning a Tolerable Domestic Partners Statute in an Environment
Hostile to Same-Sex Marriages_, 7 L. & Sexuality 55 (1997).
Latham, Melanie, _Regulating the New Reproductive Technologies: A
Cross-Channel Comparison_, 3 Med. L. Int'l 89 (1998).
Lee, Patrick, and Robert P. George, _What Sex Can Be: Self-
Alienation, Illusion, or One-Flesh Union_, 42 Am. J. Juris. 135
(Forum: Sexual Morality and the Possibility of "Same-Sex
Marriage").
Lemin, Jae, _"To Know or Not to Know?": The Privacy Law
Implications of_ The 1996 Paedophile and Sex Offender Index, 28
Victoria U. of Wellington L. Rev. 415 (May 1998) (New Zealand).
Lessig, Lawrence, _What Things Regulate Speech: CDA 2.0 vs.
Filtering_, 38 Jurimetrics 629 (Summer 1998).
Little, Margaret Hillyard, _Questioning the Limitations of Legal
Reform (A Review of Legal Inversions: Lesbians, Gay Men, and the
Politics of Law, by Didi Herman and Carl Stychin, eds.)_, 4 Rev. of
Constitutional Studies 379 (1998).
Lubin, Peter, & Dwight Duncan, _Following the Footnote or the
Advocate as Historian of Same-Sex Marriage_, 47 Cath. U. L. Rev.
1271 (Summer 1998).
Massaro, Roni M., _Reviving Hugo Black? The Court's "Jot for Jot"
Account of Substantive Due Process_, 73 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 1086 (Oct.
1998).
McCarthy, Martha M., _Students as Victims of Sexual Harassment: The
Evolving Law_, 27 J. L. & Educ. 401 (July 1998).
McGhee, Derek, _Looking and Acting the Part: Gays in the Armed
Forces -- A Case of Passing Masculinity_, 6 Feminist Legal Studies
205 (1998).
Mertus, Julie, _Human Rights of Women in Central and Eastern
Europe_, 6 Am. U. J. Gender & L. 369 (Spring 1998).
O'Neil, Robert M., _Free Speech on the Internet: Beyond
"Indecency"_, 38 Jurimetrics 617 (Summer 1998).
Perry, Michael J., _Liberal Democracy and Religious Morality_, 48
DePaul L. Rev. 1 (Fall 1998).
Regan, Milton C., Jr., _Same-Sex Marriage and Communal Dialogue_,
8 Responsive Community No. 4, 56 (Fall 1998).
Schroeder, Theodore A., _Fables of the Deconstruction: The
Practical Failures of Gay and Lesbian Theory in the Realm of
Employment Discrimination_, 6 Am. U. J. Gender & L. 333 (Spring
1998).
Simon, Glenn E., _Cyberporn and Censorship: Constitutional Barriers
to Preventing Access to Internet Pornography by Minors_, 88 J.
Crim. L. & Criminology 1015 (Spring 1998).
Smith, Steven D., _Natural Law and Contemporary Moral Thought: A
Guide from the Perplexed_, 42 Am. J. Juris. 299 (1997) (review
essay).
Strasser, Mark, _Natural Law and Same-Sex Marriage_, 48 DePaul L.
Rev. 51 (Fall 1998).
Sullivan, Kathleen M., _Discrimination, Distribution, and City
Regulation of Speech_, 25 Hastings Const. L. Q. 209 (Winter 1998).
Terrasa, Gabriel A., _Fitting a Square Peg Into a Round Hole: "Same
Sex" Sexual Harassment and the "Because of . . . Sex" Requirement
in Hostile Environment Claims_, 67 Revista Juridica Univ. de Puerto
Rico 163 (1998).
Thompson-Schneider, Donna, _The Arc of History: Or, the
Resurrection of Feminism's Sameness/Difference Dichotomy in the Gay
and Lesbian Marriage Debate_, 7 L. & Sexuality 1 (1997).
Tunick, David C., _Computers and the Criminal Law: Obscenity in
Cyberspace -- What Is the Community Standard?_, 34 Crim. L. Bull.
448 (Sept.-Oct. 1998).
Ward, Kenneth D., _Free Speech and the Development of Liberal
Virtues: An Examination of the Controversies Involving Flag-Burning
and Hate Speech_, 52 U. Miami L. Rev. 733 (April 1998).
Wardle, Lynn D., _Legal Claims for Same-Sex Marriage: Efforts to
Legitimate a Retreat from Marriage by Redefining Marriage_, 39 S.
Tex. L. Rev. 735 (June 1998)(staunch opponent of same-sex marriage
in another go-round on his favorite topic).
Wriggins, Jennifer, _Maine's "Act to Protect Traditional Marriage
and Prohibit Same-Sex Marriages": Questions of Constitutionality
Under State and Federal Law_, 50 Maine L. Rev. 345 (1998).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Blais, Mark, _The Department of Education Clarifies Its Position
Concerning Peer Sexual Harassment: But Will Federal Courts Take
Notice?_, 47 Cath. U. L. Rev. 1363 (Summer 1998).
Bowerman, Kristie, Pitcherskaia v. I.N.S._: The Ninth Circuit
Attempts to Cure the Definition of Persecution_, 7 L. & Sexuality
101 (1997).
Carpenter, Alison G., _Belgium, Germany, England, Denmark and the
United States: The Implementation of Registration and Castration
Laws as Protection Against Habitual Sex Offenders_, 16 Dickinson J.
Int'l L. 435 (Winter 1998).
Colangelo-Bryan, Joshua, _Discrimination Down Under: Lessons From
the Australian Experience in Prohibiting Employment Discrimination
on the Basis of Sexual Orientation_, 7 Pacific Rim L. & Pol. J. 377
(March 1998).
Epstein, Linda B., _What is a Gender Norm and Why Should We Care?
Implementing a New Theory in Sexual Harassment Law_, 51 Stanford L.
Rev. 161 (Nov. 1998).
Fischer, Andrea L., _Florida's Community Notification of Sex
Offenders on the Internet: The Disregard of Constitutional
Protections for Sex Offenders_, 45 Clev. St. L. Rev. 505 1997).
Gewirtzman, Doni, _"Make Your Own Kind of Music": Queer Student
Groups and the First Amendment_, 86 Calif. L. Rev. 1131 (Oct.
1998).
Hughes, Lawrence Bradfield, _Can Anyone Be the Victim of a Hate
Crime?_, 23 U. Dayton L. Rev. 591 (Spring 1998).
Jackman, Martha, _"Giving Real Effect to Equality":_ Eldridge v.
B.C. (A.G.)_ and_ Vriend v. Alberta, 4 Rev. of Constitutional
Studies 352 (1998).
Lund, William A., _What's in a Name? The Battle Over Ballot Titles
in Oregon_, 34 Willamette L. Rev. 143 (Winter 1998).
Lynd, Paul R., _Juror Sexual Orientation: The Fair Cross-Section
Requirement, Privacy, Challenges for Cause, and Peremptories_, 46
U.C.L.A. L. Rev. 231 (Oct. 1998).
Mason, J.K., _United Kingdom v. Europe: Current Attitudes to
Transsexualism_, 2 Edinburgh L. Rev. 107 (Jan. 1998).
McCreight, Kimberly, _Call For Consistency: Title VII and Same-Sex
Hostile Environment Sexual Harassment_, 1 U. Pa. J. Lab. & Emp. L.
269 (Spring 1998).
Melchoir, Jill A., _The Quiet Battle for the Heart of Liberty - A
Victory for the Cautious_: Washington v. Glucksberg, 66 U. Cin. L.
Rev. 1359 (Summer 1998).
Note, Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore Services Inc._ and the Future of
Title VII Sexual Harassment Jurisprudence_, 39 Bos. Coll. L. Rev.
937 (July 1998).
Note, _Shareholder Proposal Rule: Cracker Barrel in Light of_
Texaco, 39 Bos. Coll. L. Rev. 965 (July 1998).
Pryor, Thomas Earl, _Does Arkansas Code Section 5-14-122 Violate
Arkansas's Constitutional Guarantee of Equal Protection?_, 51 Ark.
L. Rev. 521 (1998) (Section 5-14-122 is the sodomy law).
Strasser, Mark, Baker_ and Some Recipes for Disaster: On DOMA,
Covenant Marriages, and Full Faith and Credit Jurisprudence_, 64
Brooklyn L. Rev. 307 (1998).
Stratton, Traci Shallbetter, _No More Messing Around: Substantive
Due Process Challenges to State Laws Prohibiting Fornication_, 73
Wash. L. Rev. 767 (July 1998).
Yoder, J. Dwight, _Justice of Injustice for the Poor?: A Look at
the Constitutionality of Congressional Restrictions on Legal
Services_, 6 Wm. & Mary Bill of Rts. J. 827 (Summer 1998).
= _Specially Noted:_
47 Catholic Univ. L. Rev. No. 4 (Summer 1998) contains a symposium
titled _Law and the Politics of Marriage: Loving v. Virginia After
30 Years_.
The articles all contain commentary on the same-sex
marriage controversy, and are cited above.
The November 1998 Supreme Court issue of the _Harvard Law Review_
includes a student comment on _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore
Services, Inc._, 112 Harv. L. Rev. 325.
20 Western New England L. Rev. No. 1 (1998) contains a symposium
devoted to the question whether lawyers should be prohibited from
discriminating in the selection of clients.
The symposium was
sparked by a ruling of the Massachusetts Commission Against
Discrimination, finding unlawful sex discrimination by a woman
whose practice consists primarily of representing women in divorce
actions who had turned down a male client.
The MCAD took the
position that a lawyer's decisions on which clients to take come
within the MCAD's public accommodations jurisdiction.
The
symposiasts almost uniformly criticize the decision as wrong, and
argue that lawyers should be allowed to discriminate.
Some make
1st Amendment arguments in support of the point, and one argues an
analogy with the case of _Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and
Bisexual Group of Boston_, 515 U.S. 557 (1995).
29 Columbia Hum. Rts. L. Rev. No. 2 includes a symposium titled
_Shifting Grounds for Asylum: Female Genital Surgery and Sexual
Orientation_.
The Sexual Orientation panel discussion is reported
at pages 496-532.
37 Int'l Legal Materials No. 5, 1101-1103 (Sept. 1998), contains a
summary and text of decision for _National Coalition for Gay and
Lesbian Equality et al. v. The Minister of Justice et al._, the
decision of the High Court of South Africa (Witwatersrand Local
Division), concerning the South African sodomy law.
(This is not
the decision reported last month in _Law Notes_, but rather the
earlier lower court decision in the same case.)
Panel Publishers, which is the current name of the company that has
taken over John Wiley & Sons, has published a 1998 supplement to
Alba Conte's treatise, _Sexual Orientation and Legal Rights_.
The
update is sent automatically to those who purchased the treatise
from the publisher.
Those interested in purchasing the update
should contact the publisher at 1-800-234-1660.
The University of California Press has issued a paperback edition
of _Liberty and Sexuality: The Right to Privacy and the Making of
Roe v. Wade_, by David J. Garrow.
This 1994 book provides an
extraordinarily detailed review of the development of sexual
privacy law by the Supreme Court, and incidentally provides a good
discussion of the implications for lesbian and gay law, including
a detailed consideration of _Bowers v. Hardwick_.
For the new
paperback edition, Garrow has written an Epilogue that updates the
discussion through mid-1998, including some recent sodomy law
decisions and the Supreme Court's decision in _Romer v. Evans_
(1996), which he sees as a virtual overruling of _Hardwick_.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Harris, Erica Worth, _Controlled Impairments Under the Americans
with Disabilities Act: A Search for the Meaning of Disability_, 73
Wash. L. Rev. 575 (July 1998).
Mish, Risa M., _"Regarded as Disabled" Claims Under the ADA: Safety
Net or Catch-All?_, 1 U. Pa. J. Lab. & Emp. L. 159 (Spring 1998).
Ratner, Michael, _How We Closed the Guantanamo HIV Camp: The
Intersection of Politics and Litigation_, 11 Harv. Hum. Rts. J. 187
(Spring 1998).
Rozmus, Kelly C., _Representing Families Affected by HIV/AIDS: How
the Proposed Federal Standby Guardianship Act Facilitates Future
Planning in the Best Interests of the Child and Family_, 6 Am. U.
J. Gender & L. 299 (Spring 1998).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Luxenberg, Dave, _Why Viatical Settlements Constitute Investment
Contracts Within the Meaning of the 1933 and 1934 Securities Acts_,
34 Willamette L. Rev. 357 (Spring 1998).
Satchwill, Allison A., _Asymptomatic HIV and the Americans With
Disabilities Act:_ Runnebaum v. Nationsbank of Maryland, N.A., 66
U. Cin. L. Rev. 1387 (Summer 1998).
Schneider, Theresa A., _Stretching the Limits of the ADA:
Asymptomatic HIV-Positive Status as a Disability in_ Bragdon v.
Abbott_, 118 S.Ct. 2196 (1998)_, 77 Neb. L. Rev. 206 (1998).
_Specially Noted:_
Kluwer Law International has published _Legal Responses to AIDS in
Comparative Perspective: Balancing Individual Rights and Societal
Interests_.
Edited by Prof. Stanislaw Frankowski of St. Louis
University School of Law, the book collects ten essays on legal
responses to HIV/AIDS written by scholars from five continents.
The countries covered are: United States, Canada, South Africa,
Australia, India, Japan, Netherlands, Hungary, Poland, and
Argentina.
The U.S. essay is by the editor of Lesbian/Gay Law
Notes, Arthur Leonard.
ISBN 90-411-1037-2.
The November 1998 Supreme Court issue of the _Harvard Law Review_
includes a student comment on _Bragdon v. Abbott_, 112 Harv. L.
Rev. 283.
Panel Publishers, which is the current name of the company that has
taken over John Wiley & Sons, has published a 1998 supplement to
David Webber's treatise, _AIDS and the Law_ (3rd ed.).
The update
is sent automatically to those who purchased the treatise from the
publisher.
Those interested in purchasing the update should
contact the publisher at 1-800-234-1660.
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL
Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are
attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues
covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will be published
subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to the Editor or
send via e-mail.