http://www.prayerscapes.com/admin/privacy_policy.html
creative prayer journeys
Toggle navigation
home
films
music
prayers
artwork
children
contact
blog
about us
contact us
about prayerscapes
statement of faith
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright
privacy policy & cookiesprayerscapes website
This privacy policy sets out how
www.prayerscapes.com uses and
protects any information that you give www.prayerscapes.com when you use this
website.
www.prayerscapes.com
is committed to ensuring that your privacy is
protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be
identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be
used in accordance with this privacy statement.
www.prayerscapes.com
may change this policy from time to time by
updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that
you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 13th September 2018.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In
order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place
suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
What information do we collect?
Cookies
We collect cookies. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
The different types of cookies in use on this site are as follows:
Social Website Cookies
We have included social sharing buttons (such as the “Like” button from Facebook) on our site to make it easier for you share content and resources from www.prayerscapes.com. These cookies will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these social networks and vary from network to network. We use “Addthis” technology to provide social sharing buttons for www.prayerscapes.com.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to gather data about how visitors engage with this site. This includes information such as what technology they may be using (e.g. Windows or Mac), if they are using a mobile or desktop device, how long a visitor spent on a page, and if they viewed any more pages. We use Google Analytics to provide this information, and this helps us to improve the user experience of the website and show us how we might further develop the resources on this site. We only gather this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Advertising Cookies
We serve adverts on this site from the Google Adsense system and Media.net. None of the cookies served through the adverts give us (or our advertising partners) access to personally identifiable information. Third party vendors, including Google, use these cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to www.prayerscapes.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to visitors of this site based on their visit to
www.prayerscapes.com and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. It is also possible to opt out of
third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network
Advertising Initiative opt-out page. This site does not serve personalised Google adverts for visitors within the EEA. For more information about how to control cookies set by Google tools and products (such as Google Analytics and Google+), please see this page.
This site also serves ads and cookies from Media.net, a leading global advertising technology company. Media.net adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles and the "NAI" (Network Advertising Initiative). The Media.net contextual text ad units on this site are primarily driven by context and not audience data. Media.net does not collect, store or use any Personal Data for its ad targeting. (It only sends the user IP address to upstream providers for the purpose of fraud identification and mitigation). It is possible to alter how advertising from Media.net is displayed by using the DAA opt-out tool located here, and the opt out tool from NAI at their site here.
Other Third-Party Cookies
Cookies are also served by Youtube on the embedded videos on pages at this site.
Turning Cookies Off
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website, and disable much of its functionality. You can learn how to stop accepting cookies in different common internet browsers (such as Firefox and Chrome) here.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that
we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide
whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy
statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement
applicable to the website in question.
Contact Us Submission FormIn the event that you contact us via our "Contact Us"
submission page, we do not disclose your email address, comments or messages to
any third parties.
latest blog
Sanctuary – the new prayerscapes album
Our new instrumental album, featuring many of the soundtracks used in our prayerscapes videos, is out now! “Sanctuary” is an hour of beautifully calm instrumental music ideal as a backdrop for prayer, meditation, work or study. If you’re familiar with our prayer videos, you’ll recognise the ones used as an accompaniment to “The Lord’s Prayer”, Read More
Prayer for Pentecost 2020
It is so important to nurture the presence of God’s Spirit within us.  The Holy Spirit is our comforter, the one who wraps wings of protection around us when we are vulnerable. He is our teacher, illuminating truth so that we can see and understand his beautiful ways. And He is our healer, binding our Read More
An Easter Prayer
This is a very different Easter time for many of us across the world. Just like Jesus’s disciples after they had witnessed his death, we face uncertainty, fear and sorrow. Yet as we take time to pause and reflect, we shall unearth new treasures of Kingdom value. They will hold a fresh message, anointing and Read More
about
resources
copyright
privacy policy
t & c