http://www.gutium.ro/terms.html
Login
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
About usAttorneysAssistantsPractice AreasRelevant ExperienceCareer OpportunitiesNewsContact
Gutium si Asociatii >
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Use of this Website is subject to the following terms of use:
1. NO LEGAL ADVICE OR ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP
This Website contains general information and does not constitute advice on any specific legal matter.
Whilst Gutium si Asociatii SCA makes every effort to ensure that the content is accurate and up to date,
nothing in these pages should be construed as legal advice.
By using this Website you confirm that you have not relied on any such content.
If you require advice on any specific legal problem or matter, please contact one of our lawyers.
2. PRIVACY AND SECURITY STATEMENT
Your privacy is very important to us. We protect the identity of individuals who access our Website.
Gutium si Asociatii SCA may use cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data which is stored on your
computer and which is revealed to Gutium si Asociatii SCA when you use this Website.
Gutium si Asociatii SCA uses cookies only to make it easier to identify you when using the Website.
You can configure your web browser not to accept cookies, although this may obstruct the functionality of the Website.
Personally-identifiable information. Our server is not set up to collect personally-identifiable information from visitors to our Website (for example: your name, address, or e-mail).
Non-personally-identifiable information. Our server does track certain non-personally-identifiable information about the visits to our Website (for example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors). Our server does automatically identify your computer by its IP address. The server information is used only for internal purposes by our technical support staff.
For example, we compile aggregate statistics that show the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Website.
These aggregated data are used internally to improve our Website.
Just like other forms of communications, e-mail can sometimes be intercepted in transit. Use discretion before sending any confidential information to us by e-mail.
However our e-mail server will always force a smtp connection encrypted with TLS (Transport Layer Security) with your e-mail server. If your e-mail server accepts a smtp connection encrypted with TLS, it will be very unlikely that anyone read your e-mails sent across the Internet to us. Please contact your IT support personnel for further information.
The Website may contain links to websites maintained by other businesses and organizations. Gutium si Asociatii SCA does not have any control over such websites. As a result, we can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which users have provided while visiting such websites. Users should use prudence and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
3. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
The contents of these pages are the copyright of Gutium si Asociatii SCA 2004. Reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than in accordance with the following permission.
Authorization to copy for personal use only
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal use.
Authorization to copy for limited purposes
You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal information, but only if:
· you acknowledge the Website as the source of the material; and
· you inform the third party that these terms and conditions apply and the third party agrees to comply with these terms.
The authorization to duplicate does not permit incorporation of the content or any part of it in any other work or publication in any form whatsoever.
Without limiting the previous, no part of the Website may be:
· distributed or copied for any commercial purpose; or
· reproduced, transmitted or stored in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
© 2013 Gutium si Asociatii SCA. All rights reserved.
Home |
Contact |
Site map