http://www.scratchcard.com/resources/privacy
Toggle navigation
Categories
How It Works
Profit Calculator
Free Guide
Contact
Privacy
Privacy policy:
1.	GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES
Scratchcard.com is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our users and maintaining a secure online environment for our online fundraising programs. Our Privacy Statement covers our World Wide Web sites found at:
http://www.scratchcard.com.
This Privacy Statement is effective as of the date written above and is designed to meet the following principles and practices:
We fully disclose what information is collected on our sites and how we use that information;
Campaign organizers, participants and supporters who participate in our online campaign programs may choose whether they want to continue to receive communications from us;
We provide our registered campaign organizers with access to their account information and the ability to modify that information; and
We are dedicated to creating a secure environment for user information and use an advanced network server security system to safeguard user information.
In the more detailed description of our privacy practices below, when we use the term "you," we are referring to registered campaign organizers, participants, supporters and general users of our web sites who order campaign products or information from our web sites. When we use the term "personal information," we are referring to a user's first and last name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. Scratchcard.com does not collect social security numbers.
Violating our privacy policy is cause for termination of your campaign. In addition, Scratchcard.com Corporation reserves the right to cooperate with municipal, state and federal officials in any law-enforcement investigation requiring either personal information or reports about lawful or unlawful user activities on this site.
II. Scratchcard.com SECTIONS
Information Collected Through the Traditional Fundraising Programs
We offer traditional campaign program products through Scratchcard.com. You may order free samples of products online, or request that a consultant contact you to take your campaign program order. You may also call our toll-free Order Desk to order your free samples. If you choose to submit orders or requests online, you will need to provide us with the necessary fulfillment information through our online order or request form. All personal information you submit to us through the Scratchcard.com will only be used by us and our third-party suppliers and transactional companies for the purpose of fulfilling your order or request. Scratchcard.com may contact you with informational updates and communications, which you may always opt-out of as described below.
Information Collected Through Scratchcard.com's Online Fundraising System
Registration Information
In order to use our services, and/or to receive a free information kit, campaign organizers must complete an online registration form or call our toll-free number at 1-866-385-1128. When registering online or by phone, campaign organizers need to supply contact information, relevant affiliation(s), and details related to their fundraising campaign. We collect this information from fundraising campaign organizers to assess the organizer's fundraising needs and to respond to them with information relevant to their request.
E-Mail Collection Forms
In order to solicit supporters for your campaign, we provide campaign organizers with e-mail Collection Forms to distribute to campaign participants so that participants may collect potential campaign supporters' e-mail addresses. The participants then return these e-mail collection forms to the campaign organizer to be entered into the online campaign database, or, if the participant is age 13 or over, the participant may register through the Scratchcard.com's web site and enter the e-mail collection form directly into their online campaign database. We use the e-mail addresses of the individuals listed on the e-mail Collection Form for the sole purpose of inviting potential supporters to visit that organizer's specific fundraising Web page and to purchase products to support that fundraising campaign.
III. SPECIFIC INFORMATION PRACTICES FOR ALL Scratchcard.com SITES
Order Information
To purchase or order sample campaign products through any of our sites, you will need to provide order information (which may include credit card information). If you are purchasing campaign products from us, once your credit card has been approved by our third-party transactional company for the amount equaling the total of the supporter's desired purchases, the third-party supplier(s) will receive all relevant purchase details (item description, quantity, etc.) needed to fulfill the order. All personal information collected during the ordering process is used solely for order processing, billing and shipping.
Information Sharing
As detailed above, Scratchcard.com Corporation does not give your personal information to third parties not associated with our campaign products or services. Our third-party suppliers use a variety of external delivery companies to ship orders, and a third-party firm processes the campaign supporters' credit cards for goods purchased. These companies, by contractual agreement with us, are not permitted to retain, store or use personally identifiable customer information except for order processing and fulfillment.
Log Files and Cookies
Cookies are a small line of text generated by a site's server and sent to a user's browser, which enable the browser and server to better communicate with each other. We use cookies to analyze traffic patterns, for statistical analysis, to enhance your navigation of our web site, to tailor Web content, and to track login names, passwords and click stream data on the eFundrsaising.com site. We do not use cookies to track your navigation and usage of other web sites on the Internet. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you can refuse to accept cookies. Refusing to accept a Scratchcard.com cookie may disable some enhanced navigation features that our cookies provide, but will not disable you from using the Scratchcard.com web site.
Surveys & Contests
All surveys generated by Scratchcard.com are distributed with detailed information concerning the reason for the survey, the nature of the information that will be collected and the manner in which the information will be used.
Campaign Information and Newsletters
Scratchcard.com may periodically contact you by phone, mail or e-mail to inform you of campaign products and services. If you do not wish to receive further communications from us, you may opt-out by using the unsubscribe option in our e-mail correspondence, calling our toll-free number at 1-866-385-1128, or by sending an e-mail to info@scratchcard.com requesting to be removed from the e-mail list.
Accessing and Updating Your Information
For online fundraising campaigns, campaign organizers may access and modify their account information by accessing their account profiles using their user ID and password. Supporters may request any changes by calling our toll-free number at 1-866-385-1128, or by sending an e-mail to info@scratchcard.com.
Security
Scratchcard.com Corporation realizes that a secure online environment is of utmost importance to protect your personal and financial information. We take strong security precautions both online and offline.
All credit card information we collect online is encrypted using Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology, a leading advanced network server security system. We decrypt the information only at the point of processing through Scratchcard.com's ordering system, further ensuring the security of your information. In order to protect your data offline, Scratchcard.com's employee access to sensitive information is restricted, and only authorized personnel may access specific information as needed.
Acceptable Use
Scratchcard.com is to be used only for fundraising campaigns. Scratchcard.com reserves the right to terminate any campaign, including all e-mail access to the campaign account, if we determine that the campaign may be illegal, unethical, misleading or in contravention of any federal, state or municipal laws, regulations or bylaws.
E-Mail Restrictions
Scratchcard.com Corporation is committed to responsible Internet commerce. We do not tolerate use of the Scratchcard.com system for non-campaign e-mails or any e-mail that includes material that Scratchcard.com, in its sole discretion, deems inappropriate. Sending non-fundraising or inappropriate e-mail from a Scratchcard.com account is cause for immediate termination of access to that account.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998
Scratchcard.com Corporation fully supports the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). In accordance with COPPA, we do not collect personal information from users we know to be under the age of 13.
Links to Other Sites
Scratchcard.com contains links to other sites on the Internet. Although Scratchcard.com Corporation is diligent about the selection of its partners and affiliates, we are neither responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites or any other sites you may visit on the Internet. For your own information and security, we recommend that you carefully read a site's individual privacy policies prior to using that site.
Changes to the Scratchcard.com Privacy Statement
We are dedicated to fair information practices and do not anticipate any changes in our privacy practices that would substantially change how we describe our practices to you. However, due to rapidly changing technology, and to ensure that we can provide the best service to our customers, Scratchcard.com reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Statement. We will always give you notice of such changes by posting the Effective Date of this Privacy Statement at the top of this page. Nothing contained in this Statement is intended to create a contract or agreement between Scratchcard.com Corporation and any user visiting the site or providing identifying information in any form.
Please forward any additional questions or concerns to info@scratchcard.com. We will use our best efforts to respond to inquiries by return e-mail within 72 hours.