http://www.rebeccarosen.com/privacy
Podcast
Blog
See Rebecca
Shop
Contact Me
More
Back
Virtual Small Groups
In Person Small Groups
Rebecca Rosen LIVE Online
Large Audience Events
Private Reading
Back
Self Guided Courses
Books
2020 Jewelry Collection
Albums
Be The Light Merch
Back
About
FAQ
Testimonials
Speaking
Destination Denver
Your Privacy is ImportantPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last modified on May 18, 2018.Rebecca Rosen Enterprises inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates rebeccarosen.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible at rebeccarosen.com.Information Collection And UseWhile using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address and postal address (“Personal Information”).Log DataLike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.What are cookies?"Cookies" are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.They allow the website to recognise your device and remember if you have been to the website before. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as providing information to the owners of websites on site usage and performance.There are different types of cookies. Necessary cookies enable a site’s core functionality - a website cannot function properly without these cookies. You can disable necessary cookies by changing your browser preferences. Analytical cookies measure the pages a customer visits on a website - website owners collect this information to make site improvements and report on site usage. Third party cookies can be used for advertising purposes. You can read about the different types of cookies that we use on RebeccaRosen.com on this page.How are cookies used on RebeccaRosen.comSome of the cookies we use are essential for site functionality.Other cookies help us to improve your website experience, including the content and technical performance of RebeccaRosen.com, by providing insights into how the site is used. For example, they allow us to count the number of visitors to specific pages, and to analyse website usage patterns and trends.The information we collect does not enable us to identify any website visitor personally. No individual data or personal information is stored in our cookies.More information about how to manage and delete cookies.Measuring website usage (Google Analytics)We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use RebeccaRosen.com. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements, for example improving site search.Google Analytics stores information about:the pages you visit on RebeccaRosen.comhow long you spend on RebeccaRosen.comhow you got to the sitewhat you click on while you’re visiting the siteWe do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data.AdvertisingWe occasionally advertise RebeccaRosen.com’s business support and guidance through third party sites (eg Instagram and Facebook). These sites use cookies to identify and display content based on your interests. The cookies also enable us to evaluate the success of any advertisements.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links To Other SitesOur Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.Rebecca Rosen Enterprises inc has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.Changes To This Privacy PolicyRebecca Rosen Enterprises inc may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.