https://www.edinburghpresbytery.org.uk/privacy-statement
Privacy Policy
The Presbytery of Edinburgh are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website users.
We have a legal duty under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) to protect and prevent unauthorized access to your personal data. We must also ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive. This statement explains how we look after your personal information and what we do with it.
The Presbytery of Edinburgh are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal information of our customers and website users. This means that we have a responsibility to determine the purposes and means of the processing of that information as outlined below. Third party suppliers who store and process your information on our behalf are “data processors” and should only use data for agreed purposes.
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
How we use your personal data
Personal information we collect and store
We may collect and store personal information from you through our website enquiry form, when you email or phone us. This information may include:
Your name
Email address
Postal address
This information is stored securely using any of the following
Trusted third party service providers, for example email updates by Mailchimp
Secure internal servers
What we use your personal information for
We use the personal information you provide for the following:
To contact you regarding an enquiry you have made through our website, email or phone.
If you consent to receive email newsletters we will send you regular updates which may be of interest to you.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out above, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Retaining and deleting personal information
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Your email address, name, phone/mobile number will be retained for a period of 5 years or until you ask us to remove them from our records.
Keeping your personal information safe and secure
We will take all reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from misuse or unauthorised access by any third party.
We will never sell or divulge your personal information to a third party or for marketing purposes.
We may occasionally share your personal information for the following reasons:
Where we are required to do so by law, or to satisfy a legal requirement or legal claim.
When you have given us your consent.
International transfers of your personal data
We use some trusted third party suppliers to send email updates.  Some of these store your details in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
In these circumstances we will ensure that your personal information will be protected by appropriate safeguards and to the same level as required by UK and EU data protection laws.
Cookies
We do not use cookies on our website.
Your choices and rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have the right to request:
A copy of the personal information we hold about you and what we use it for (providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected).
That personal information we hold about you is updated or corrected.
That, under some circumstances, we stop using your personal information or remove it from our systems.
To request any of the above please contact:
The Presbytery of Edinburgh
Annan House
10 Palmerston Place
Edinburgh
EH12 5AA
edinburgh@churchofscotland.org.uk
We will comply with all reasonable requests within one month.