http://www.square1art.com/privacy-policy/
Our Story
About Us
Our Vision
Team
Testimonials
Plan a Fundraiser
Contact Us
Book My Fundraiser
Send Fundraiser Info and Samples
Get Art Access Code
Order & Product Questions
Other Inquiries
Shop
Shop
Upload Art
Art Access Code
Art Search
Coordinator’s Corner
Fundraiser FAQs
SQUARE 1 ART, LLC:  DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: August 28, 2019
Square 1 Art, LLC (“Square 1 Art”) is committed to protecting every user’s privacy.  It uses the information to process orders and to provide a more personalized service between Square 1 Art and Parents, Teachers, and Coordinators.  Square 1 Art designed its data security and privacy policy, set forth below, to use the information we collect with the utmost care and responsibility.  Capitalized terms not defined in this Data Security and Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) will have the meaning assigned in the Terms of Use.
Information Collected
Square 1 Art may collect personal information, hereinafter referred to as “Personal Information,” about students, teachers, or principals upon registration with Square 1 Art or use any of our products or services.  Personal Information is any information that is personally identifiable, like user’s name, address, email address, or phone number; Facebook Connect sign-in information (if applicable) and any other information not otherwise publicly available.  When a user orders product or pays for services, Square 1 Art may collect payment-related information, such as shipping address, billing name and address, and credit card number and expiration date.  Users may access and use Square 1 Art’s website solely for personal, noncommercial use.  Except as expressly authorized hereunder, Square 1 Art’s website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, reverse-engineered or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without prior written authorization from Square 1 Art.
Artwork Submission
Persons under 18 may NOT submit any artwork for publication.  Only Parents and Coordinators are allowed to submit the artwork of those under 18.
REGISTRATION AND REQUESTS FOR INFORMATIOn
Persons under the age of 13 may not register for an account with Square 1 Art, make a purchase as a guest with an access code, or complete and submit a request for information form through this website.
Use of Information
Square 1 Art uses Personal Information for the following general purposes: to fulfill requests for products and services, administrative purposes, to improve services, to customize the advertising and content users see, to contact users, and for internal business purposes.  Square 1 Art uses anonymous information, such as web browsing behavior, in order to analyze trends, track user’s movements, provide a better website experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  Square 1 Art does not use this data in a manner that would identify a user personally.
Information Sharing With Third Parties
Square 1 Art does not share any Personal Information collected with any companies who work with or on behalf of Square 1 Art.  Like almost all e-commerce websites, Square 1 Art may collect and store persistent identifiers, like IP addresses and cookies.  Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to computer’s hard drive through a Web browser (if allowed) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize a browser and capture and remember certain information.  Square 1 Art’s cookies do not store any Personal Information.  With specific authorization by Square 1 Art, Square 1 Art does share certain anonymous information, like persistent identifiers, with third parties (specifically Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting), such as that pertaining to web pages viewed and tracking cookies (including Google advertising cookies and other anonymous identifiers), in order to report website traffic, analyze trends, track user’s movements, provide a better website experience, and gather demographic information for aggregate use.
OPTING OUT OF Information Sharing
Square 1 Art understands and respects that not all customers or users will want to allow sharing of any information with other select companies.  Any user that does not want Square 1 Art to share customer information should email Square 1 Art at  info@square1art.com, clearly stating the nature of the request and providing the user’s name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. A user may opt-out of anonymous information sharing with Google Analytics here: Opt-Out.
However, under the following circumstances, Square 1 Art may still be required to share Personal Information: in responding to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process; or in establishing or exercising Square 1 Art’s legal rights;  in defending against legal claims; or if Square 1 Art believes it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Square 1 Art Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
CHILDREN’S PROTECTION
Square 1 Art’s website is dedicated to allowing Coordinators, teachers, and Parents set up fundraising drives and order merchandise.  Square 1 Art is not a website directed to children 13 or under and does not knowingly collect any Personal Information or individually identifiable from children under 13, therefore, Square 1 Art is not required to comply with COPPA.  However, Square 1 Art is concerned about protecting the privacy of children, including its Artists, and helping parents, teachers, and Coordinators ensure the privacy of Child Artists.  To that end, Square 1 Art chooses to comply with COPPA requirements for data privacy, including notice and explanation of data collection practices and procedures.
Square 1 Art’s website, products, and services are all directed to people who are 13 years of age or older.  Square 1 Art does not require a User to provide any individually identifiable to access the website.  Areas of the website that allow submission of Personal Information or registration are directed at persons over the age of 18 (Coordinators and Parents).  Further, Square 1 Art does not solicit or knowingly collect any individually identifying information from anyone under 13 years of age.  IF A PARENT, GUARDIAN, GRANDPARENT, TEACHER, OR ANY OTHER PERSON BECOMES AWARE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AN INDIVIDUAL UNDER 13, PLEASE CONTACT SQUARE 1 ART IMMEDIATELY AT 888-332-3294.
PARENTS/TEACHERS/COORDINATORS:
Active Information Collection.  Square 1Art’s website receives individually identifiable information only from the voluntary, active disclosures made by Parents, teachers, and Coordinators, including information about children under 13.
Passive Information Collection.  Square 1 Art passively collects anonymous information from anyone using the site through cookies and other anonymous persistent identifiers.  The collection of such anonymous information is governed by the provisions contained in this Privacy Policy.
Use of Children’s Information.  Any information Square 1 Art receives from  Parents, teachers, and Coordinators about children under 13 is only used: to fulfill requests for products and services, for administrative services, and for internal business purposes.  Square 1 Art does not use any individually identifiable information regarding children under the age of 13 for any marketing, content customization, or customer contact.
Security.  To the extent that Square 1 Art stores any individually identifiable information regarding children under the age of 13 for the uses explained in the immediately preceding paragraph, the information is secured in accordance with the procedures outlined in paragraph 8 of this Privacy Policy.
Third-party Sharing.  Square 1 Art does not share any individually identifiable information regarding children under the age of 13 with any third party.
To the extent that Square 1 Art collects anonymous information and anonymous persistent identifiers (i.e. IP addresses) through the use of cookies, that anonymous information is shared in accordance with paragraph 5 of this Privacy Policy.  Paragraph 5 of this Privacy Policy also includes the procedure and email to opt out of such collection.
Parental Rights.  Parents can review their child’s Personal Information and/or request Square 1 Art to delete such Personal Information and/or to stop the use of any Personal Information.
To review a child’s Personal Information or request that Square 1 Art delete a child’s Personal Information, a parent should call Square 1 Art at 888-332-3294 to request an authorization form by mail.  Upon receipt of the form, the parent must complete the form, sign it, have it notarized, and return the original to Square 1 Art via Certified U.S. Mail.
Before fulfilling such a request, Square 1 Art will take measures to ensure the requestor is the child’s parent.  Such measures may include a request for photo identification of the parent, a request for information provided during the registration or payment process (for example, the credit card used to verify a purchase or the email address used for registration).
Updates to Privacy Policy.  If Square 1 Art changes its practices or policies regarding the collection, storage, or use of individually identifiable information regarding children under the age of 13 such that compliance with COPPA is mandatory, Square 1 Art will provide notice of the change to registered Parents, teachers, and Coordinators.
Confidentiality and Security
Square 1 Art has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of Personal Information from accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration, and/or disclosure.  Square 1 Art uses a secure socket server (SSL) to encrypt all Personal Information during the checkout phase of the ordering process.  In compliance with industry best practices and federal regulations, Square 1 Art also employs other physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information collected, and to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of any Personal Information.
ACCESS TO YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES
Users have the right and ability to edit member account information, which is accessible in the “My Account” section of the website.  Users can opt-in or out of receiving future communications regarding special offers and new product information, or users can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in any communication from Square 1 Art.  Square 1 Art reserves the right to send certain communications relating to the services Square 1 Art provides, including, but not limited to, service announcements and administrative messages, which are considered part of the account membership.  Users may not opt-out of receiving these communications.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to Square 1 Art’s website.  To the extent that Square 1 Art’s website may contain links to other, third-party websites, those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.  Square 1 Art encourages users to review the privacy policies of all third-party websites.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Square 1 Art reserves the right to change and update its Data Security and Privacy Policies.  Please review this policy each time you access this site to keep yourself informed about any changes in our policies or data handling.
Questions and Suggestions:
If any user has questions about this Data Security and Privacy Policy, the user can contact Square 1 Art at info@square1art.com or 888-332-3294.