http://www.lcf.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
The Lincoln Community Foundation (LCF) has created this statement to demonstrate its firm commitment to the privacy of LCF donors and website users. This privacy statement may change  at any time, and any changes will be posted here.
LCF does not collect and store personal information, including names, email and mailing addresses, unless it is voluntarily provided. If such information is provided, it may be used for LCF marketing and communication purposes. LCF pledges to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and security of such personal information. LCF does not share, sell or rent personal information to anyone outside the organization.
LCF takes precautions to protect personal information both online and offline. All sensitive information such as credit card data is encrypted and transmitted securely, and only certain LCF employees can access such information.
LCF may collect certain demographic information about visitors to its website through “cookies,” or small pieces of information stored on your computer’s hard drive. Such information may be used to improve the overall website experience and analyze demographic information. LCF will use this information for internal business purposes only.
This website may contain links to other external websites that do not fall under LCF’s domain. LCF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you choose to follow such links to external websites, please do so at your own risk. LCF encourages users to read the privacy statements of other websites that may collect personal information.
Confidentiality Policy
LCF maintains and manages much information that must be kept confidential. This includes information about donors, prospective donors, grantees, prospective grantees, and wealth advisors and their firms. LCF ensures all such information remains strictly confidential unless a party grants permission to use selective information for purposes of referral, testimonial or example at the discretion of authorized LCF personnel.
Give to Lincoln Day Confidentiality Statement
Each participating nonprofit organization will have access to its donor list, including contact and gift information for specific donors, unless a donor chooses to remain anonymous. LCF will not share this information with any other party. LCF reserves the right to communicate with donors for information, education and marketing purposes.
Rev. 5/15/2019
Rev. 5/11/2016
Adopted 08/15/2012