http://www.shazzie.com/privacy/
PrivacyYou are here: Home / Privacy
In a nutshell
Shazzie.com guarantees that any personally identifiable information, such as email addresses, gathered from this web site (with urls beginning https://www.shazzie.com/) will not be sold, rented, loaned, or given to others. Your personal information is safe with Shazzie.com.
When you email us
When you email us, Shazzie.com will ONLY use your email address to reply to you. We not use your email address to send you information about our web site or promotional material without your express permission. We do not store your email address.
When you “opt in”
When you opt in to one of our services (free or paid), you also agree to be contacted about other relevant services. You may opt out at any time in the future simply by clicking the “unsubscribe” link on our correspondence. When you do this, your details will be removed from our system and you will be “forgotten”.
Web server logs and traffic analysis
Shazzie.com collects data regarding visitors to the web site. The domain name and IP address do not reveal personally identifiable information about the visitor other than the IP address from which they have accessed our site. Shazzie.com uses this information to gather statistics from our traffic, but does not collect and evaluate this information for others.
Shazzie.com web servers do not record personally identifiable information about the visitor. This information is used only to initiate future improvements to the site.
Shazzie.com web site does not use cookies to gather information about visitors.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. Shazzie.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such web sites. Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.
GDPR compliance
This web site and business (Ecstatic Creation Ltd) is fully GDPR compliant. The third party companies we use to gather data (Aweber, Thinkific and Stealth Seminar) are also GDPR compliant. Where relevant they also use the Privacy Shield that protects all personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the US.
Your use of Shazzie.com
By using this web site, you agree to the above policy. Any changes to this policy will be published here for your reference.
Recent Posts
Don’t Look Into Keith’s Eyes Because He Might Make You Not Scared Of Ladybirds Anymore
What Kind Of Business Suits You?
3 Magical Ways To Support Your Clients And Audience During The Pandemic
Gifts To Lift Your Spirits
Start Your Online Business in 24 Hours
LET’S CHAT ON FACEBOOKHERE’S TO YOUR SUCCESSTAKE ALL OF MEHOME
ABOUT
ASCENSION
6 WEEKS TO PROFIT
BLOG
FREEBIE!
TV SHOW & MEDIA
CONTACT
FREE TRAINING: BUILD YOUR ONLINE CLUB IN 24 HOURSI'M READY, SHAZZIE!
Scroll to top