https://www.accesstolaw.com/privacy/
This Privacy Policy explains what information the Inner Temple Library and its related entities (“The Honourable Society of the Inner Temple”) collect about its users, what we do with that information and how we handle the content you place in our products and services.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain through your use of the Inner Temple Library services via a device or when you otherwise interact with the Inner Temple Library.
The Inner Temple Library services include our:
Websites (www.innertemplelibrary.org.uk, www.innertemplelibrary.com, www.accesstolaw.com) and their subdomains.
but does not include:
Products or services for which a separate privacy policy is provided.
Third Party Products.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, the Inner Temple Library collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our websites. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
The Inner Temple Library also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We do not use such information to identify our visitors, anonymise wherever possible, and do not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that we use and disclose personally-identifying information, as described below.
As part of the collection of website visitor information, we use Google Analytics. Read more about Google Analytics and Google’s Privacy Policy.
Opting-out of Website Tracking
You can opt out of Google Analytics cookies.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to our websites choose to interact with the Inner Temple Library in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who use any of our online contact forms to provide an email address. In each case, we only collect such information as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with the Inner Temple Library. We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Inner Temple Library will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
If you are a registered user of our Current Awareness newsletter or the Inner Temple Library newsletter and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you email to tell you about new services, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the Inner Temple Library. We primarily use our News section to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.
If you are a registered user of our Current Awareness newsletter and have supplied your email address, we will send you email in accordance with the newsletter’s schedule. This is usually an email every weekday at 12pm GMT.
We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
The Inner Temple Library may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to our websites. For instance, we may reveal how many downloads occurred of a particular PDF, or which sections of the site are most popular based on cumulative visits.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Inner Temple Library uses cookies to help the library identify and track visitors, their usage of the library’s websites, and their website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our websites, with the caveat that certain features of our websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Inner Temple Library may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to check this page frequently for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Us
Email: phiggins@innertemple.org.uk
Home
About This Site
Legal Notice
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Current Awareness Blog
© The Inner Temple Library 2020