http://www.syvhumane.org/terms-use
Skip to main content
Donate
Please read the following Terms of use before using this website.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
COPYRIGHT
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society. The collective work includes works that are licensed to the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society, Inc. Copyright 2013, the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society.
The work is protected by copyright and/or other applicable law. Portions of the work are provided under the terms of a Creative Commons Public License (“CCPL”). Except as set forth in the applicable CCPL, all rights reserved.
Nothing in this agreement is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any rights arising from fair use or other limitations on the exclusive rights of the copyright owner under copyright law or other applicable laws.
TRADEMARKS
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society used in the site (including but not limited to the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society name, and the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society Logo Design), are property  of the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society.
This site and the materials and services on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the services, even if the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
TERMS TERMINATION
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
NOTICE
The Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society.
USE OF SITE
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others.
PARTICIPATION DISCLAIMERS
The Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society in its sole discretion.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensor’s and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society, the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, the Santa Ynez Valley Humane Society seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).