https://www.sulekha.com/collateral/terms
Terms & conditionsLast updated July 09, 2019
Terms
Privacy
Policy
Copyright
Policy
This document is an electronic record under the provisions of the Information Technology
Act, 2000 and Rules framed there under (as applicable or amended from time to time). This
electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or
digital signatures.
This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the
Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the
rules and regulations, privacy policy and User agreement for access or usages of the
www.sulekha. com website.
The terms " Sulekha " used in this document refers to Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd, a
company registered under the Companies Act, 1956 with its registered office at No. 484 &
485, Fourth Floor, Pantheon Plaza, Pantheon Road, Egmore, Chennai- 600 008, Tamil Nadu along
with its subsidiaries and/ or employees and/ or directors and/ or affiliates and/ or agents
and/ or representatives and/ or sub-contractors.
The term " Platform " used in this document refers to the website (being www.sulekha.com),
mobile apps and / or any other services offered / to be offered by Sulekha
These Terms and Conditions, together with the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, IPR Infringement
Policy and any other terms specifically referred to in any of those documents, constitute a
legally binding agreement (the "Agreement") between you and Sulekha in relation to your use
of the Platform.
All intellectual property which is in relation to this Platform is owned by and vests in
Sulekha
TERMS OF USE
For the purpose of this Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires, "you" or "User"
shall mean any natural or legal person who has agreed to use the Platform, whether
registered or not, including Users whose accounts will expire and / or stand expired. The
terms "we", "us", "our" shall mean the Platform.
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE AVAILING SERVICES ON THIS PLATFORM. AVAILING
SERVICES THROUGH THIS PLATFORM SIGNIFIES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF USE AND YOUR
AGREEMENT TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE SAME.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESSTHIS PLATFORM FOR ANY
SERVICES.
Acceptance of these terms is a prerequisite for usage of services in the platform. By virtue
of using these services, it is deemed that you accept all and any of the terms and
conditions specified in the Agreement. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between you and Sulekha and governs your use of the Platform's Service, superseding any
prior agreements between you and Sulekha.
This Platform is entitled to assign this Agreement, and all rights and obligations
hereunder, to a successor to all or any of its assets, whether by sale, merger or otherwise.
These terms shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective representatives, heirs, administrators, successors and permitted assigns
except as otherwise provided herein.
This Platform reserves the right to update, change, modify, add or remove the terms,
conditions and notices of the Agreement without any prior notice to you. It is your
responsibility to periodically review the most current version of the Agreement as your
continued use of this Platform signifies your acceptance of any changed terms. As long as
you comply with these Terms & conditions, we grant you a personal, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Platform
Introduction
Sulekha is a business Service Provider that promotes information and exchanges among its Users.
Scope of service
This Platform provides its need fulfilment platform as a service to enable its Users to connect
with each other or to connect with businesses in their city. This Platform enables the Users to
find Service Provider/book services. Please keep in mind that local business listings,
classified ads, property ads and other elements of service need fulfilment are posted not by
this Platform, but members (Users & Service Provider)s of this Platform.
Membership Eligibility (User & Service Provider)
You confirm that you are of legal age i.e. 18 years to form a legally binding contract with
Sulekha and are not a person barred, from availing the services offered by Sulekha under the
laws as applicable in India.
Sulekha requires registration for those who participate in a variety of its services. When you
authenticate your email or mobile number for using the local service need platform and register
as a member on this Platform, you accept the following terms and conditions:
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information.
If, after investigation, Sulekha has reasonable grounds to suspect that any member's
information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Sulekha may suspend or
terminate that member's account and prohibit any and all current or future use of the
Sulekha sites (or any portion thereof) by that member other than as expressly provided
herein.
Each member is wholly responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of account login and
password information and for all activities occurring there under. Sulekha cannot and will
not be liable for any loss or damage arising from a member's failure to comply with this
section, including any loss or damage arising from any member's failure to: (1) immediately
notify Sulekha of any unauthorised use of his or her password or account or any other breach
of security; and (2) ensure that he or she exits from his or her account at the end of each
session.
You hereby unconditionally authorize / approve Sulekha to reserve the right to publish any
and all information provided as part of this Platform registration, except email address and
password to authenticate the member, to facilitate social networking among its members.
Registration
Your registration as a member of this Platform or the use of any of the features and services on
this Platform either as a registered member or as an unregistered visitor constitutes acceptance
of these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy defined herein. These terms and conditions
apply automatically to any new services and / or features introduced on this Platform.
Online registration
In order to become a Sulekha member, you must first create a member account on this Platform by
providing information about yourself including name, email or mobile number and your current
city of residence. Sulekha may check for the validity of the email addresses or mobile numbers.
You should ensure that you do not in any manner provide false and / or inconsistent and / or
untrue information.
Optional profile information
Once you provide the basic information to create an account, you will have the opportunity to
provide additional information in the profile section describing your postal code, brief summary
of yourself etc. Provision of this additional information beyond what is required at
registration is entirely optional.
Recognising you as a Sulekha member
For this Platform to recognise you as a registered member, you must login with your login email
and password or alternatively use Sulekha services with your registered email or mobile number.
At the time of login, you will have the option to instruct the site to remember you so when you
come back the next time to use this Platform, you would not have to login with your email and
password.
Should you chose the Platform to remember you; you accept that cookies shall be placed onto your
server computers / device.
Internet communication protocol information
The communication standards of the Internet industry transmit the URL of the website from which
you visit this Platform, the IP address of your computer, the IP address of your ISP, various
attributes of your computer such as operating system, resolution and browser software, and the
date and time of your various requests for pages on this Platform. Sulekha file logging system
automatically logs all of this information in its log files for its analysis.
Newsletter subscriptions
Visitors to this Platform may also sign up with their name and email address for a variety of
newsletters that this Platform produces with varying frequency without having to register.
Sulekha confirms the subscription by sending an email to the email address specified before
sending the newsletter.
Password
You are advised to change your login password at regular intervals. Your password should be a
combination of alphabets and at least one number and a special character. You are solely
responsible for actions taken under your password, and should not disclose it to anyone else.
You cannot use your password for any unauthorised purpose. Sulekha shall neither be responsible
nor liable for your non-compliance with the terms of password change.
Accessing and changing your account information
You can review the personal information you provided us and make any desired changes to the
information, or to the settings for your account on this Platform, at any time by logging in to
your account and editing the information on your profile page. You can also close your account
through this Platform by sending your request to myprofile@sulekha.net with your login email
address. Your request will be processed within 7 business days.
Communications
Your calls may be recorded to improve the service experience in the platform and for other
business purposes. You hereby unconditionally authorize and / or approve Sulekha to record the
calls made by you to Sulekha with respect to any services listed on this Platform. Sulekha at
its discretion may delete such recording shall from its database within a period of twelve (12)
months.
Further, by using Sulekha services and providing us your number, while registering for an account
or receiving alerts or contacting an advertiser seller / buyer, you:
Agree to receive a sales or service call from our employees / partner / alliances
notwithstanding your registration for NDNC (National Do Not Call) registry.
Give consent to Sulekha and its partners / vendors and sub-partners / sub-vendors to send
alerts, contact details, SMS and calls related to User's action in our website to the mobile
number entered by the User, irrespective of whether the same is on the NDNC list or any
other such data base.
In case the User does not want to receive these messages on his / her mobile number, he / she
shall not submit his / her mobile number with this Platform.
Contacting businesses through this Platform
Sulekha uses certain virtual numbers and reserves the rights to display the same for contacting
certain service providers. These are called User Virtual Number ("UVN"). This being the case,
this Platform also holds the rights to contact those Users and Service Providers registered with
the platform. The mode of contact may be through SMS / email / call, irrespective of whether the
User is on the NDNC list or any other similar database.
You hereby waive your right to object and agree to not object and / or protest in relation to the
same. All calls made through the UVNs between the User and the service provider shall be
recorded by Sulekha for training and quality purposes including dispute resolution, service
assurance, and other business purposes of Sulekha. You hereby give irrevocable consent to
Sulekha for sharing the call recordings to other third parties for business purposes of Sulekha.
You disclaim and / or abandon any right to sue and waive your right to object and agree to not
object and / or protest in relation to any of the
These terms are to be read in conjunction with Sulekha's Privacy Policy and Sulekha' Intellectual
Property Rights Infringement Policy:
http://www.sulekha.com/collateral/privacy
http://www.sulekha.com/collateral/collateralpolicy
Accessing & transmitting the platform's content
All text, graphics, User interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs and media of all types,
trademarks, logos, sounds, music and artwork (collectively, "Content"), is a third party User
generated Content and this Platform has no control over such third party User generated Content
as this Platform is merely an intermediary for the purposes of this Terms of Use. All the
Content available for public access on this Platform is protected by copyright. Your use of the
Content must therefore adhere to the following terms, unless you are the original contributor of
the Content to this Platform, in which case your use is governed by the terms governing
Sulekha's relationship with its contributors as covered below:
Any downloading of Content is unauthorised and / or prohibited.
You may not modify any Content you download or print from the Platform or make any
additional representations or warranty relating to it. Any attempt to modify shall be
treated as hacking.
You may not make any Content item originating from the Platform available for public access
by any means whatsoever without obtaining prior written permission from this Platform.
You may forward Internet URLs (uniform resource locators) to third parties for private,
non-commercial use, along with brief extracts that do not violate fair use guidelines.
If any person/entity is found crawling Sulekha or the IT admin website for any commercial,
business or other purposes, the same shall amount to offence and Sulekha shall be entitled
to take appropriate action and claim damages, if any, as against such person/entity.
You may post, or otherwise make publicly available, excerpts from this Platform's Content
items, in any publicly accessible forum, so long as they follow standard fair use guidelines
and this Platform is cited alongside the excerpt as the original source with a hyperlink to
this Platform.
Contributing content to this platform
While primarily being a local service need fulfilment platform, this Platform also provides a
variety of forums for its members to express themselves in the form of articles, columns,
opinions, comments, reviews, art and photographs. Sulekha provides value to its contributors by
making available to them its vast global audience reach.
The terms in this section apply to all the Content contributed to this Platform in any of its
various services and forums and are as follows:
You truthfully assert that the Content being contributed is your creation and that you own
the copyright to the Content. Unless you have deliberately assigned the IPR including
copyright to someone else, you automatically own the copyright to all of your original
creations.
Sulekha is not obliged to ensure that the Platform is available to all users at all times.
While we make all attempts to deny access only to those individuals who violate this
Platform's regulations, we are occasionally forced to use access denial methods that cause a
disruption in access for other users.
You truthfully assert you have not infringed on anybody else's IPR including copyright in
the creation of the articles
We are not responsible and / or liable for any loss to any visitor to the site who may
violate your IPR and / or distribute your IPR published Content without your permission.
You grant us exclusive unlimited distribution rights including electronic and internet
distribution rights, and non-exclusive, unlimited print publication and distribution rights
either through this Platform or through any other media. This includes and is not limited to
web publishing, syndication on other websites, syndication with print publishers, publishing
as part of a collection of articles, publishing as a book, email, ftp, telnet and other
Internet-based information transfer protocols.
You may, however, publish the Content you contribute to this Platform, on your personal,
non-commercial website if you possess one.
In case the contributions are digital images of artwork in traditional media such as canvas,
that is available for sale, you may also publish digital images of your artwork on
commercial websites that sell art online, only for the purpose of sale.
Once granted and your Content is published, the distribution rights cannot be revoked. In
other words, once your contribution is published on this Platform, it automatically becomes
a permanent part of this Platform's publicly-accessible archives. You may, however, subject
to our approval, update or revise your contributions on this Platform.
You will not receive any monetary compensation whatsoever for your submissions. The only
in-kind compensation we promise a home for your expression on the web.
You grant us the right to organise, categorise, collate your contributed Content and present
it on this Platform in any manner we see fit. We may remove or edit your contribution at our
discretion without having to secure your permission. We will however make reasonable efforts
to inform you of the changes.
We generally do not object to our contributors posting their contributions made to this
Platform on other, freely accessible non-commercial internet locations, so long as this
Platform is clearly cited as the original publisher, and a link to this Platform is
provided. You, however, agree to secure our permission first before such re-publication on
other internet sites happens.
You agree to state this Platform as the previous publisher prominently in case you print
your article in an offline magazine.
While you are on the site and engaged in any form of communication on any of the forums, you
agree NOT to host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any
information:
That is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene,
libellous, promotes violence, is invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially,
ethnically or otherwise objectionable; impersonate any person or entity, including, but not
limited to, a Sulekha official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise
misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
That forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of
any Content transmitted.
That you do not have a right to make available, under any law or under contractual or
fiduciary relationships (such as inside, proprietary or confidential information, learned or
disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements).
That infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of
any party. You may, however, post excerpts of copyrighted material so long as they adhere to
fair use guidelines.
Upload or post or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising,
promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other
form of business solicitation. Repeated postings of a promotional nature are considered
abuse of the forums. Businesses or individuals wishing to advertise on This Platform should
contact us at this address.
That contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to
interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment.
That disrupt the normal flow of dialogue by repeatedly posting the same or similar material,
or otherwise acting in a manner that negatively affects other Users' ability to engage in
exchanges.
That violates any applicable local, state, national or international law.
"Stalk" or otherwise harass another User; collect or store personal data about other Users
either manually or by means of automated software tools; promote illegal activities; inhibit
other Users from using and enjoying the unedited forums.
Post classifieds advertisements that contain untruthful representations, deceptive
practices, inducements to commit any illegal activity.
Message / comment board
This Platform may contain message / comment boards, testimonials, or other message or
communication facilities (collectively, "Forums"). You agree to use the Forums only to send and
receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Forum. By way of
example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Forum, you shall not do any of the
following:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, provoke (religiously, sexually or otherwise) or
otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others. Use
of swear-words or profanity is strictly prohibited. We encourage a healthy exchange of
opinions and disagreements.
Publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent,
profane, libellous, threatening, harassing, embarrassing or unlawful material or
information;
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws
(or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have
received all necessary consents;
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or
programs that may damage the operation of another's computer, conduct or forward surveys,
contests, or chain letters;
You will not post the Contents (in part or whole) of any email that you may receive from any
Sulekha employee(s) and / or moderator. Should you post such Content, such an act would
amount to an IPR infringement including infringement of our copyright.
Download any file posted by another User of a Forum that you know, or reasonably should
know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Do not post messages more than once. This is also known as flooding. Sulekha reserves right
to delete such posts and may terminate the accounts of such members
All Forums are public and not private communications. Chats, postings, conferences, and other
communications by other Users are not endorsed by Sulekha and such communications shall not be
considered reviewed, screened, or approved by this Platform. Sulekha reserves the right for any
reason to remove without notice any Contents of the Forums received from Users.
Using this Platform's services
This section covers the terms under which various this Platform services, including, but not
limited to, link forwarding services, event information, and any information available on this
Platform, are made available to you. You agree that:
Sulekha may electronically block or otherwise deny access to the Platform, to any User
deemed to be in violation of any of the terms in this document.
Sulekha is not obliged to ensure that the Platform is available to all Users at all times.
While we make all attempts to deny access only to those individuals who violate this
Platform's regulations, we are occasionally forced to use access denial methods that cause a
disruption in access for other Users.
Sulekha is not responsible for a loss of access to this Platform's services due to failure
of networks connected to the Internet, or any other temporary hardware or software failure.
Sulekha reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue,
temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
A possibility exists that this Platform could include inaccuracies or errors. Additionally,
a possibility exists that unauthorised additions, deletions and alterations could be made by
third parties to the site. Although Sulekha attempts to ensure the integrity and the
accuracy of this Platform, it makes no guarantees whatsoever as to its correctness or
accuracy. In the event that such an inaccuracy arises, please inform this Platform by
emailing myprofile@sulekha.net so that it can be corrected.
This Platform may contain links to other websites operated by third parties ("linked
sites"). You acknowledge that, when you click on a link to visit a linked site, a frame may
appear that contains this Platform's logo, advertisements and/or other Content selected by
this Platform. You acknowledge that this Platform and its sponsors neither endorse nor are
affiliated with the linked sites and are not responsible for any content that appears on the
linked sites. This Platform has neither reviewed not approved these sites and is not
responsible for the Contents or omissions of any linked site or any links contained in the
linked sites.
Responsibility of Platform visitors
You acknowledge that:
Sulekha has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer
software, posted to the platform, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's
Content, use or effects. By operating this Platform, Sulekha does not represent or imply
that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be
accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to
protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other
harmful or destructive Content.
This Platform may contain Content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable,
as well as Content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other
errors. This Platform may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity
rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third
parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and
conditions, stated or unstated.
Sulekha disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of this
Platform, or from any downloading by those visitors of Content posted. If you believe that
material located on or linked to this Platform is offensive, indecent, violates your copyright
or otherwise objectionable, you are encouraged to notify our team via the report abuse link or
via email to myprofile@sulekha.net. This Platform will respond to all such notices, including as
required or appropriate by removing the offensive / objectionable / infringing material or
disabling all links to the infringing material on the Sulekha.com domain. In the case of a
visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property
rights of Sulekha or others, Sulekha may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use
of the platform.
Using Sulekha.com's local service Need fulfillment Platform
Users of this service are responsible for all aspects of the transactions in which they choose
to participate. This Platform requires a User to register before posting a service need
requirement, a classified ad or uploading a variety of Content on the Platform. This Platform
does not review or authenticate all listings, items, or services offered for sale. This Platform
has no control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised the truth or
accuracy of the listings, the ability of Service Providers to sell items or the ability of Users
to buy items. Therefore, Users of this service should be aware that:
Service Providers and Users are completely responsible for working out the exchange and
performance of services. Sulekha is not responsible for any non-performance or breach of any
contract entered into between the Users and Service Providers. Sulekha cannot and does not
guarantee that the concerned Service Provider will perform any transaction concluded on this
Platform.
Both User and Service Provider do hereby agree that Sulekha shall not be required to mediate
or resolve any dispute or disagreement that might arise between the parties out of these
transactions.
Service Providers and Users are responsible for researching and complying with any
applicable laws, regulations or restrictions on items, services, or manner of sale or
exchange that may pertain to transactions in which they participate.
Service Providers and Users are responsible for all applicable taxes and for all costs
incurred by participating in the local service need fulfilment platform.
Sulekha will not be liable for damages of any kind incurred to any parties as a result of
the information contained on this Platform. Users shall not use or manipulate this service
for any fraudulent activity or purpose. Items or services offered for sale must comply with
applicable laws. Sulekha disclaims any and / or all responsibility and / or liability for
any harm resulting from your use of third party services, and you hereby irrevocably waive
any claim against Sulekha with respect to the Content or operation of any third party
services.
Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our
Services or the Content you access. These terms do not grant you the right to use any
branding or logos used in our Services.
You agree to comply with the Terms of Use and acknowledge that Sulekha reserves the right to
terminate your account or take such other action ( including legal remedies) as deemed fit
if you commit breach of any Terms of Use.
User agrees that he / she / they, indemnify Sulekha, its employees, officers, agents and
directors from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and
nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out
of or in any way connected with transactions or disputes.
We do not control the information provided by other Users that is made available through our
system. Users may find other User's information to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or
deceptive. Please use caution and common sense for your own safety. Please note that there
are also risks of dealing with underage persons or people acting under false pretence.
Additionally, there may also be risks dealing with international trade and foreign
nationals.
It is confirmed and acknowledged by the User that, all/any information provided by the User,
including name, age, contact details and other details to this Platform are accurate and can
be used and forwarded by this Platform to Service Provider(s). Any such act, committed by
Sulekha shall not constitute a violation of privacy or other rights of the User.
At no time shall this Platform have any obligations or liabilities in respect of all/any
transaction entered into between the User and Service Provider. Sulekha is not responsible
for unsatisfactory or delayed performance of services or damages, if any incurred during
service.
Sulekha does not make any kind of warranties or representation on delivery, service,
quality, suitability and availability of services on this Platform.
Sulekha shall not be responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever that may be suffered or
any personal injury that may be suffered to a User, directly or indirectly by use or non-use
of services mentioned on this Platform.
Prices mentioned (if any) on this Platform are subject to change. Users are advised to check
with Service Provider for the final price and additional charges applicable, if any. Users
does hereby agree to absolve Sulekha from all/any dispute in relation to price of services.
You hereby approve and / or authorise Sulekha to take such measures as are necessary for security
purposes and / or improving the quality of services and / or to enhance and provide better
Service Provider services to the satisfaction of the User. The User hereby disclaims his right
to prevent and/ or proceed against Sulekha in relation to the same.
Payment
Payment of transaction amount can be done online if Users choose to do so. The User can:
Pay 100% through the Platform before the service.
Pay the vendor directly after service.
The User and the service provider agree that:
This Platform allows for payment for any transaction between User and Service Provider
through the payment gateway which shall be processed through a Nodal Account maintained as
per RBI guidelines ["payment facility"].
By providing the payment facility on this Platform, Sulekha is neither acting as trustees
nor acting in a fiduciary capacity with respect to the transaction.
All payments made against services on this Platform by service provider shall be
compulsorily in Indian Rupees acceptable in the Republic of India. This Platform will not
facilitate transaction with respect to any other form of currency with respect to the
transactions made on this Platform.
The payment facility provided by this Platform is neither a banking service or a financial
service or a NBFC. Sulekha shall merely act as a facilitator for providing an electronic,
automated online payment, collection and remittance facility for the transactions conducted
by this Platform using the existing authorized banking infrastructure and credit and / or
debit card payment gateway networks.
All transactions on this Platform are on a principal to principal bipartite contractual
obligations between the service provider and User. Sulekha is not / does not hold out itself
as an agent /employee of any service provider or User or any other individual or entity
availing the facilities of this Platform.
Use of the payment facility shall not render Sulekha liable or responsible for any damage,
non-delivery, non-receipt, non-payment, breach of representations and warranties,
non-provision of after sales or warranty services or fraud as regards the services listed on
this Platform.
Sulekha will not be liable or responsible for any damages or claims arising out of non-
processing of any transaction or any delay in processing a transaction, which is beyond the
control of Sulekha.
While accessing the payment facility of this Platform, the service provider consents to
supply all such information including but not limited to his name, email address, home
address, telephone number, credit or debit card number, CVV number, expiry date of such card
(as and when required), as is necessary for successful completion of the payment for the
transaction between the service provider and the User. Sulekha reserves the right to store
all such information in such manner as it deems fit including storage on cloud service or
third party environment.
The service provider and the User consent that the information provided by them may be
passed on to the banks as and when necessary for processing the payment done through the
payment facility.
The service provider warrants that all information supplied by members of them or their
business and / or household in using the Services, including without limitation his name,
email address, home address, telephone number, Bank account details (Account Number, name,
Account type, IFSC code etc. as and when required), is true and accurate. The service
provider absolves Sulekha of financial or other liabilities, if any due to misstatement or
errors in the data shared by him/her/them. Both User and Service Provider agree that
Sulekha, its affiliates and related entities shall not be liable and will be held harmless
and indemnified against any claims / damages arising out of the transaction between the User
and the service provider.
Sulekha will not be responsible for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to the
service provider or the User due to any payment issues arising out of the transaction
including but not limited to invalidity of the credit or the debit card, expiry of such
card, lack of authorization for any transaction/s, insufficient money in the account of the
service provider, exceeding the limit of transaction (a) mutually agreed between the Service
Provider and the User or (b) imposed by this Platform
Sulekha reserves the right to impose limits on the number of transaction done by the User.
Sulekha reserves the right to refuse to process transactions by service providers with a
prior history of questionable charges including without limitation breach of any agreements
by service provider with Sulekha or breach / violation of any law or any charges imposed by
the Issuing Bank or breach of any policy.
Sulekha issues cash receipts to its service providers who pays the subscription money in
cash. It may be in the physical form or through an SMS or email in the electronic mode. All
the service providers of Sulekha should insist for a duly filled in cash receipt against the
payment made in cash and any dispute relating to cash payment will only be accepted, against
production of the said cash receipt.
Using Sulekha's travel quotes services
This Platform provides Sulekha.com travel quotes as a service to receive air-fare quotes from
various travel agents (" Service Providers ") around the world. Sulekha provides the platform
but does not directly participate in, nor is it involved in any transactions. Users of this
service are responsible for all aspects of the transactions in which they choose to participate.
This Platform requires a User to register before sending a quote. This Platform will then send
the information as filled in by the User on the form to various agents but does have any control
over the feedback provided by the agents. Therefore, Users of this service should be aware that:
Sulekha is not concerned with and disclaims and denies any liabilities for any delays in
responses from travel agents.
Sulekha only sends the quote to various agents but is not responsible in any way for the
air-ticket price offered by them. Users must resolve any disputes that may arise in their
dealings.
Sulekha will share the details of the Users (name, phone number and email address) with the
travel agents but Sulekha shall not be responsible if the travel agent / agents approach the
User by email or by phone and thereby try to sell their service.
This Platform will prompt the User to send his request to a specific number of agents each
time and holds the authority to change this limit at any point of time as considered
appropriate by the management.
Users of this service are responsible for all applicable taxes and for all costs incurred by
participating in this Platform travel quotes service.
Sulekha will not be liable for any damages of any kind incurred as a result of the
information contained in the Sulekha travel quotes service or the use of this Platform
travel quotes service.
Users may not use or manipulate this service for any fraudulent activity or purpose.
Travel quotes service Users may not post the same request multiple times. Sulekha may take
action to delete the User accounts that we believe are misusing this service.
Because this is a platform, in the event that Users have disputes, Sulekha and its
employees, officers, agents and directors are released from claims, demands and damages
(actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such
disputes. We do not control the information provided by travel agents that is made available
through our system. Users may find other User's information to be offensive, harmful,
inaccurate, or deceptive. Please use caution and common sense for your own safety. Please
note that there are also risks of dealing with underage persons or people acting under false
pretence. Additionally, there may also be risks dealing with international trade and foreign
nationals.
You have, by availing this service, fully satisfied yourself with respect to this service
and for any deficiency of service on behalf of the travel agent, you have no claim and have
hereby waived any claim against Sulekha.
Sulekha Score
Access and use of this service and related facilities (hereinafter for the sake of brevity
referred to as "Sulekha Score") is subject to following terms. Please read these terms carefully
before using the services.
Description of service
This Sulekha Score reflects Sulekha's assessment of a business, based on ratings, reviews and
profile views in our Platform and other information submitted to us by the business. Sulekha
does not endorse any particular business and does not guarantee quality, reliability or
capability of a business. To avoid any ambiguity, it is hereby represented that Sulekha Score
shall not act as a Perfect Index to assess and judge the capability, quality and reliability of
a Business nor shall it be construed as a score for interpreting the quality of a business.
Sulekha Score does not predict the outcome of service provided by a business. Rather, Sulekha
Score is just a helper for Users to gather information about businesses who may be suitable for
their needs. Users should not rely solely on Sulekha Score in deciding on a business for their
service. Assessment of the same business may vary in other sources or may have been assessed
based on different information. Sulekha shall makes every effort to avoid errors in the scoring
system. However, we do not take any responsibility for any errors and request service providers
to check their scores for errors as soon as they are published. All reasonable efforts will be
undertaken by us to edit errors which are brought to our attention as contemplated under these
Terms of Use.
Usage of service
By using this service, you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions:
Sulekha reserves the right to change, alter, replace or otherwise modify these Terms of
Use at any time by updating the changes online.
Sulekha may, from time to time, release new tools and resources, revise methodology of
calculating the Score and or introduce other services and/or features for the Platform.
Any new services and features will be subject to these Terms of Use as well as any additional
terms of use that we may release for those specific services or features. It is your
responsibility to check this page from time to time for updates or changes in terms and
conditions.
Your usage
Subject to your compliance with this terms and use, Sulekha grants you limited, personal,
non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable and non-transferable right to use Sulekha score and
other Contents in the platform.
You must not:
Adapt, copy, republish, make available or otherwise communicate to the public, display,
perform, transfer, share, distribute or otherwise use Sulekha score or any Content on or
from the Platform for any purposes including commercial, business and any other purposes
other than personal use.
Use Sulekha Score in any manner and in any way that is designed to create a separate
ranking service or that replicates any part of service offering on the Platform.
Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a
person or entity, for example, by registering an account in the name of another person
or company, or sending messages or making comments using the name of another person.
Sell or transfer, or offer to sell or transfer, any Sulekha account to any third party
without the prior written approval from Sulekha.
Collect or attempt to collect personal data, or any other kind of information about
other Users, without prior written consent of the User.
Violate, circumvent or attempt to violate or circumvent any data security measures
employed by Sulekha.
Sulekha disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for any harm resulting from your
use of third party services, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against Sulekha with
respect to the content or operation of any third party services.
Using our Self-Serve Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights
in our Self-Serve Service or the content you access. These terms do not grant you the right
to use any branding or logos used in our Services.
You agree to comply with the Terms of Use and acknowledge that Sulekha reserves the right to
terminate your account or take such other action ( including legal remedies) as deemed fit
if you commit breach of any terms of use.
Reporting:
In the event you discover that Sulekha Score is wrongly attributed to a particular business
and requires amendment, then you may please notify the same to us in writing with following
details:
Your name and address as provided in acceptable identity / address proof provided by
Government of India or State Government.
Statement explaining in detail, why Sulekha Score attributed to a business in wrong and
requires correction
The details of changes to be made in the Sulekha Score.
A statement by you that you in good faith believe that, the amendments suggested if
incorporated shall reflect correct on this Platform for score for the business.
A statement by you that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are
authorized to act on behalf of the respective business.
Your notice should be sent to us in writing:
By email to care@sulekha.net
OR
By post to the registered office of the company at :
Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd
# 484 & 485, Fourth Floor, Pantheon Plaza
Pantheon Road, Egmore,
Chennai, Tamil Nadu - 600 008
Sulekha shall verify the request and make earnest efforts to rectify the errors within
reasonable time.
Disclaimer
Sulekha does not warrant that Sulekha Score clearly represents the capabilities of the
business nor shall it be construed as a mechanism to rank the business in the order of their
quality and performance.
Self serve portal
Access and use of the Self-serve' portal service and related facilities (hereinafter for the
sake of brevity referred to as 'Self-Serve Service') is subject to following terms. Please read
these terms carefully before using the services.
The terms of this Agreement shall include the " Terms of Use " for Users of this Platform
insofar as such terms are not contrary to the terms provided herein in case of any
contradiction, the terms provided herein shall prevail.
Usage of Self-serve Service
By using the Self-Serve Service, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions. We reserve the
right to change, alter, replace or otherwise modify these Terms of Use at any time by updating
the changes online. We may, from time to time, release new tools and resources, revise
methodology of calculating the score and or introduce other services and/or features for the
Platform. Any new services and features will be subject to these Terms of Use as well as any
additional terms of use that we may release for those specific services or features.
It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time for updates or changes in terms
and conditions.
Description of service:
Self-Serve Service assists the Service Provider to automatically list his business under the
Platform. Sulekha provides its need fulfilment platform as a service to enable its Users to
connect with each other or to connect with businesses in their city. Sulekha provides the
Platform and enables the Users to find Service Providers/book services. Sulekha does not endorse
any particular business and does not guarantee quality, reliability or capability of a business.
You may not post or list any service offerings that is restricted or prohibited by a state or
local legislation or rule in India or other applicable jurisdictions. You, as the Service
Provider, are responsible for ensuring that you are not posting an item that is prohibited by
law in any jurisdiction...
Service offerings that are prohibited by laws, regulations, sanctions and trade restrictions in
India or any applicable jurisdiction are strictly forbidden in the Platform. Sulekha as an
entity prohibits and does not espouse or encourage usage of the Platform for posting of service
offerings which directly encourages any illegal activities, any pornographic material or items
that are sexual in nature, any service offerings that promote hatred, violence, racial or
religious intolerance. It is your responsibility to determine whether the service offering of
any listed item is authorized by law, statute, or regulation. Without limitation, the following
service offerings may not be sold or listed on the platform to make firearms, explosives, and
ammunition; alcoholic beverages; tobacco products; service offerings of food that is not
packaged or does not comply with all applicable laws; pharmaceuticals and controlled substances;
counterfeit, pirated or stolen goods; any goods that infringe or otherwise violate another party
rights, including copyright, patent, trademark, and rights of publicity and privacy; goods /
services that are, in Sulekha's discretion, indecent, obscene or pornographic; registered or
unregistered securities; goods/services which you do not have the legal right to sell /perform;
goods which are misrepresented or which do not in fact exist; goods / services which, if sold
via the Platform, would cause Sulekha to violate any law, statute or regulation. The above list
of service offerings prohibited under the Platform is only illustrative and shall not be
considered as exhaustive in nature. The list shall be updated on a continuous basis.
If you are unsure about the service offering you wish to list with the Platform in regard to its
appropriateness or legality, please contact our Customer Services department by dropping an
email to myprofile@sulekha.net.
You as a service provider do hereby confirm that the information uploaded or listed under the
Platform is correct. No fraudulent information or service offering shall be listed under the
Platform, which can either directly or indirectly be categorized as false and incorrect. You
shall ensure that no errors are made before uploading / listing information into the Platform.
Sulekha, does not take any responsibility for any errors and requests Users and Service
Providers to check and verify the information before making any transactions. All reasonable
efforts will be undertaken by Sulekha to edit errors which are brought to its attention as
contemplated under this Terms of Use.
Your Usage:
Subject to your compliance with this Terms and Use, Sulekha grants you limited, personal,
non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable and non-transferable right to use " Self-Serve "
product and list your business along with service offering on the Platform.
You must not:
Adapt, copy, republish, make available or otherwise communicate to the public, display,
perform, transfer, share, distribute or otherwise use Self-Serve Service or any content on
or from the Platform for any purposes other than for declared commercial purposes.
Use Self-Serve platform in any manner and in any way that is designed to create a separate
service or that replicates any part of service offering in the Platform.
Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or
entity, for example, by registering an account in the name of another person or company, or
sending messages or making comments using the name of another person or entity.
Collect or attempt to collect personal data, or any other kind of information about other
users, without prior written consent of the user.
Violate, circumvent or attempt to violate or circumvent any data security measures employed
by Sulekha.
As a Service Provider you agree to list the business information and service offerings in the
right category and accurately describe the service offerings. You must be at least 18 years of
age and possess the legal authority to enter into this Agreement and to use the Self-Serve
Service in accordance with all Terms & Conditions herein. If you are listing your business
offering using the Platform, you further warrant that you have legal authority to enter into
other binding & selling agreements for the purchase or sale of goods/services. You agree to
be financially responsible for all of your use of the Self-Serve Service (as well as for use of
your account by others, including without limitation minors living with you). You also warrant
that all information supplied by you or members of your business and / or household in using the
Platform, including without limitation your name, email address, street address, telephone
number, credit card number (when required), and items listed under your service offering, their
description and price offered ( when required) is true and accurate. You may be required to
provide certain business & government documents that will be used to authenticate your
listings. You declare that the documents submitted are true and correct.
You shall be courteous and treat Users of the Platform with dignity and respect. You hereby agree
that Sulekha at its discretion is entitled to unilaterally remove your listing from the Platform
without any liability and take appropriate action against you , in case of User complaint on
complicit or derogatory treatment.
Sulekha disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for any harm resulting from your use of
third party Services, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against Sulekha with respect to
the content or operation of any third party services.
Using our Self-Serve Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in
our Self-Serve Service or the content you access. These terms do not grant you the right to use
any branding or logos used in our Services.
You agree to comply with the Terms of Use and acknowledge that Sulekha reserves the right to
terminate your account or take such other action ( including legal remedies) as deemed fit if
you commit breach of any terms of use.
Reporting:
In the event you discover that service offering or any other information is wrongly attributed to
a particular business and requires amendment, then you may please notify the same to us in
writing with following details:
Your name and address as provided in acceptable Identity / address proof provided by any
Government of India or State Government.
Statement explaining in detail, why service offering / other information attributed to a
business is wrong and requires correction.
The details of changes to be made in the Platform.
A statement by you that you in good faith believe that the amendments suggested if
incorporated shall reflect correct service offering/ information against the business.
A statement by you that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are
authorized to act on behalf of the respective business.
Your notice should be sent to us in writing:
By email to myprofile@sulekha.net
OR
By post to the registered office of the company at :
Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd
# 484 & 485, Fourth Floor, Pantheon Plaza
Pantheon Road, Egmore,
Chennai, Tamil Nadu - 600 008
Sulekha shall verify the request and make earnest efforts to rectify the errors within
reasonable time.
Disclaimer
Sulekha does not warrant that Self-Serve Service clearly represents the capabilities of the
business nor shall it be construed as a mechanism to rank the business in the order of their
quality and performance.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sulekha, its successors, assigns,
affiliates, agents, directors, officers, employees and shareholders from and against any and all
claims, obligations, damages, losses, expenses, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
resulting from:
Any violation by your of these Terms of Use.
Any third party claim of infringement intellectual property rights or invasion of privacy
arising from the hosting of your business or your personal details on the Platform, and/or
your making available thereof to other Users of the Platform, and/or the actual use of your
business or personal by other Users of the Platform or linked services in accordance with
these Terms of Use;
Any activity related to your account, be it by you or by any other person accessing your
account with or without your consent unless such activity was caused by the act or default
of Sulekha.
Sulekha reserves the right to cancel any listing at any time, and reserves the right to prohibit
or restrict access to the Services to anyone at any time, with or without cause. Sulekha
reserves the right of removing the profiles of people/ entities who register with bogus
addresses, telephone, and fax information. Sulekha reserves the right of removing the web mail
of people who get involved in using web mail for Nigerian frauds.
As a Service Provider, you agree that Users may comment on their experiences with you in the
feedback and reviews section of Sulekha and you release Sulekha and its Users from any liability
for any comments.
As a Service Provider, by signing in this Platform you hereby unconditionally consents to receive
calls / SMS's from Sulekha in accordance with the 'Do not disturb' guidelines of Telecom
Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) or such other authority in India and abroad. Sulekha
further reserves the right to send emails and SMS's related to any order / communication by the
User / Service Provider ( Service Provider) on the Platform and the User / Service Provider
agrees that the same will not tantamount to spam.
You hereby agree that, at no time shall Sulekha have any obligations or liabilities in respect of
any/all transaction(s) entered between the User and Service Provider. Sulekha shall not
responsible or liable for cancellations of bookings received from any User. It is the
responsibility of the Service Provider to verify the details provided by the User during
booking. Sulekha is only a platform that communicates the inputs of the User to the Service
Provider.
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will
hold harmless and indemnify Sulekha and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any
claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these
terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits,
judgments, litigation costs and attorneys' fees.
Notwithstanding anything contrary contained elsewhere under this Terms of Use and without
prejudice to other legal remedies available, Sulekha shall be entitled to claim appropriate sum
towards all damages and compensation from you and other responsible parties in case loss of
profit due to Fraud.
Settlement
Sulekha may settle any amount collected on behalf of the Service Provider inclusive of taxes for
a particular transaction within the acceptable timelines agreed by Sulekha and the Service
Provider under this terms of use or via email. Sulekha is not responsible for any delays caused
by banks and settlement intermediaries once the payment is initiated.
Sulekha shall not responsible for any discrepancy in the details provided by the Service Provider
such as bank details and proofs. The Service Provider accepts the entire responsibility of
ensuring the correctness of the details provided. Sulekha will process the payments according to
the information provided and will not be liable for any loss incurred by the Service Provider
due to incorrect details. Both User and Service Provider do hereby agree to indemnify and hold
Sulekha harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any
third party due to or arising out of your breach of these terms, your violation of any law, or
your violation of the rights of a third party, including the infringement by you of any
intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. These obligations will survive any
termination of the Terms of Use.
Notwithstanding anything expressed hereinabove, the maximum liability for Sulekha under this
Terms of Use or otherwise shall be the refund of the money collected from you for any specific
service, under which the liability arises.
In no event shall Sulekha be liable to both User and Service Provider on account of booking, use,
misuse or reliance on the platform: for any damages whatsoever, including direct, special,
punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental damages whether brought in warranty, contract,
intellectual property infringement, tort (including negligence) or other theory, whatsoever,
including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other
intangible losses resulting from [a] the use or the inability to use our services or access
content, [b] the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from
transactions entered into through or from Sulekha, [c] the unauthorized access to or alterations
of your transmissions or data, [d] statements or conduct of any third party on the service, or
[e] any other matter relating to the Service, even if Sulekha, has been advised of the
possibility of damages arising out of or connected with the use (or inability to use) or
performance of the portal, reliance upon or performance of any material contained in or accessed
from any portal. Sulekha does not assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy,
completeness, or usefulness of any information, product or process disclosed on the portal or
other material accessible from the platform.
Any payment made in respect of Self-Serve Service shall be governed by the terms dealing with
Payment provided for in the "Terms of Use".
Severability
Should one or more provisions of these Terms of Use be found to be unlawful, void or
unenforceable, such provision(s) shall be deemed severable and will not affect the validity
and/or enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use, which will remain in full
force and effect.
FAILURE OR DELAY IN SERVICES BY THE SERVICE PROVIDER
Sulekha (including its and their directors, employees, affiliates, agents, representatives or
subcontractors) shall not be liable for any loss or liability resulting, directly or indirectly,
from delays or interruptions due to electronic or mechanical equipment failures, telephone
interconnect problems, defects, weather, strikes, walkouts, fire, acts of God, riots, armed
conflicts, acts of war, or other like causes. Sulekha shall have no responsibility to provide
you access to this Platform while interruption of this Platform is due to any such cause shall
continue.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sulekha, its owner, licensee,
subsidiaries, successors, assigns and their respective office affiliates, agents, directors,
officers, employees and shareholders from and against any and all claims, obligations, damages,
losses, expenses, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from:
Any violation by you of these Terms of Use.
Any third party claim of infringement intellectual property rights or invasion of privacy
arising from the hosting of your business or your personal details on the Platform, and/or
your making available thereof to other Users of the Platform, and/or the actual use of your
business or personal by other Users of the Platform or linked services in accordance with
these Terms of Use;
Any activity related to your account, be it by you or by any other person accessing your
account with or without your consent unless such activity was caused by the act or default
of Sulekha
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It
will hold harmless and indemnify Sulekha and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees
from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or
violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses,
damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys' fees.
Notwithstanding anything contrary contained elsewhere under this Terms of Use and without
prejudice to other legal remedies available, Sulekha shall be entitled to claim appropriate
sum towards damages and compensation from you and other responsible parties in case loss of
profit due to Fraud.
CODE OF CONDUCT FOR SERVICE PROVIDERS / USERS
These terms are in addition to and must be read in consonance with the terms mentioned above
under the head 'Accessing & transmitting Platform's Content'
Private communication, including email correspondence, is not regulated by this Platform. Sulekha
encourages its Users to be professional, courteous and respectful when communicating by email.
However, Sulekha will investigate and can take action on certain types of unwanted emails that
violate this Platform's policies.
Communications may be intercepted for security purposes including but not restricted national
interest.
You should be vary of any phishing filter, spam mails, email soliciting, and exchange of money
for inheritance or cross-border access of funds.
Instances:
Threats of bodily harm - this Platform does not permit Users to send explicit threats of bodily
harm.
Misuse of Sulekha System - This Platform allows Users to facilitate transactions through the
Sulekha system, but will investigate any misuse of this service.
Spoof (Fake) email - this Platform will never ask you to provide sensitive information
through email. In case you receive any spoof (fake) email, you are requested to report the
same to us through 'Contact Us' tab.
Spam (Unsolicited Commercial email) - This Platform's spam policy applies only to
unsolicited commercial messages sent by its Users. This Platform Users are not allowed to
send spam messages to other Users.
Offers to buy or sell outside of this Platform - This Platform prohibits email offers to buy
or sell listed products outside of the platform. Offers of this nature are a potential fraud
risk for both Buyers and Sellers.
This Platform's policy prohibits User-to-User threats of physical harm via any method
including, phone, email and on our public message boards.
Violations of this policy may result in a range of actions, including:
Limits on account privileges
Account suspension
Cancellation of listings
Loss of special status
Use of any physical force against the employees Sulekha
No person shall subject the directors, employees, affiliates, agents, representatives or
subcontractors of Sulekha to any physical harassment, intimidation, threats, coercion,
confinement or use of criminal force, during the course of their business or in connection with
the business. Any such act would lead to an automatic cancellation of any current and/or pending
transaction being done by such person through this Platform. . This shall be in addition to and
without prejudice to all our further remedies at law.
Severability
Should one or more provisions of these Terms of Use be found to be unlawful, void or
unenforceable, such provision(s) shall be deemed severable and will not affect the validity
and/or enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use, which will remain in full
force and effect.
Events
The following are the terms and conditions under which this Platform is providing the ticketing
service and under which this Platform is to be used.
Introduction & definitions: Sulekha.com events ("Sulekha.com events") is a service
operated by this Platform consisting of ticketing services, ticketing resources, and related
Content provided by this Platform, and by third parties. "Subscriber" means every person who
establishes a connection for access to and use of this Platform.
Agreement to Terms & Conditions: This agreement sets forth the terms and conditions that
apply to use of this Platform by Subscriber. By using this Platform, Subscriber agrees to
comply with all of the terms and conditions hereof.
Changes in Terms & Conditions: Sulekha has the right to change / alter / modify /
discontinue any aspect or feature of this Platform, including, but not limited to, content,
hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use, at any time. Sulekha has the
right to change or modify the Terms and Conditions applicable to Subscriber's use of this
Platform, or any part thereof, or to impose new conditions, including, but not limited to,
adding fees and charges for use at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions or
deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means
including, but not limited to, posting on this Platform, or by electronic or conventional
mail, or by any other means. Any use of this Platform by subscriber subsequent to such
notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by subscriber of such changes, modifications
or additions.
Ticketing: This Platform sells tickets on behalf of promoters, teams, bands and venues
which means this Platform does not set the ticket prices or determine seating locations.
All ticket sales are final and no exchanges or refunds are allowed after a purchase has
been made. Where tickets are mailed to the subscriber, neither the client nor will this
Platform replace lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets.
When you receive your tickets, please keep them in a safe place. Please note that direct
sunlight or heat can sometimes damage tickets. Where "ticket delivery" feature is
available and chosen, please allow enough time for the delivery of your ticket order.
If you have selected delivery by mail, please allow at least fourteen business days after
your order is placed to receive your tickets. For express delivery allow at least 2
business days. These are approximate times, and this Platform is not responsible for
deliveries that take longer.
'Will call' orders can be processed up to the day of the event. Where "will call' feature
is available Will call feature: is when ticket is carried to the venue and is redeemed
before entry and chosen, the Subscriber must show proof of identification and a printed
copy of the electronic receipt to receive the actual ticket.
This Platform will send a confirmation of the order for tickets via email to the
subscriber upon successful processing of the order. It is the responsibility of the
subscriber to ensure that the email address provided is correct and accurate.
Occasionally, events are cancelled, delayed or postponed by the promoter, team, performer
or venue for a variety of reasons. The User hereby agrees and acknowledges that if the
event is cancelled, delayed or postponed for any reason, Sulekha shall have no
responsibility whatsoever.
In such an event, please contact the organiser for information on receiving a refund. If
the event was moved or rescheduled, the venue or promoter may set refund limitations.
This Platform assumes no responsibility for such refunds and processes refunds only as
instructed by the event organiser.
Disclaimer of warranties & indemnities
Your use of this Platform is at your own risk. This Platform is provided by Sulekha, on an "as
is" and "as available" basis. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, websites
disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties
of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
You acknowledge that any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products or
services made available on or through this Platform is provided solely by the owner, advertiser
or manufacturer of that product and / or service and not by Sulekha. Further:
You acknowledge that any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products or
services made available on or through this Platform is provided solely by the owner, advertiser
or manufacturer of that product and / or service and not by Sulekha. Further:
This Platform, makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to
the operation of the website or the information, Content, materials, or products on the
website, including that:
This Platform and its services will meet your requirements.
This Platform will be uninterrupted, timely, and secure or error free.
The quality of any products, services, information or other material purchased or obtained
by you though this Platform will meet your expectations, be reliable or accurate, and
Errors in the software will be corrected within reasonable time.
Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with this Platform, site-related services and/or Content or
information contained within the site is to stop using the site and/or its services.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this Platform is done at your
own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer
system or loss of data that results from the do.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Sulekha, harmless from all claims, damages and expenses
(including attorney's fees) made by any third party arising out of your Content, your use of
this Platform, your connection to this Platform, your violation of this Agreement, our Terms of
Use or our Privacy Policy, and the development, operation, maintenance, use and Contents of your
website.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Sulekha, be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive,
consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, damages for
loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses resulting from:
The use or the inability to use our services or access Content;
The cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from transactions entered
into through or from this Platform;
The unauthorised access to or alterations of your transmissions or data;
Statements or conduct of any third party on the service;
Any other matter relating to the service, even if Sulekha, has been advised of the
possibility of damages.
Notwithstanding anything expressed hereinabove, the maximum liability for Sulekha under this
terms of use or otherwise shall be the refund of the money collected from you for any specific
service, under which the liability arises.
Void where prohibited
Although this Platform is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed or
referenced on this Platform are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or
jurisdictions.
Unless otherwise specified, the material on this Platform is presented solely for the purpose of
sale in India. This Platform makes no representation that materials on this Platform are
appropriate or available for use in other locations/countries other than India. Sulekha reserves
the right to limit the provision of any product or service to any person, geographic area or
jurisdiction it so desires, in its sole discretion and to limit the quantities of any such
product or service that it provides. Any offer for any product or service made on this Platform
is void where prohibited.
In addition, Sulekha makes no representation that materials on this Platform are appropriate or
available for use in locations outside India; therefore, accessing those materials from
territories where they are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Platform from
locations outside India do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with
local laws.
Termination
Sulekha, reserves the right to discontinue in whole or in part any portion of this Platform
services or programs with or without notice.
Additional notices
All rights to the Platform material not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Third party merchants and advertisers: You acknowledge that Sulekha does not control the
performance of merchants or advertisers that appear on this Platform. Therefore, if you
choose to purchase a product or service, you release us from any and all claims you may have
regarding the third party's failure to deliver or perform.
Contact details submitted on forms
By submitting this form, you authorise Sulekha to contact you at the telephone number or email
provided for this inquiry, even if you have previously registered on a Do Not Dial registry or
requested Sulekha or its agents to not send marketing or other information by phone or email.
You agree we may use an auto-dialler to reach you. You understand that you are required to
consent to receiving autodialled calls / messages / texts as a condition of procuring or using
any this Platform products or services. You authorise and request this Platform to send you
relevant and responsive ads and business listings that appear on the site to match your search
and need.
If you do not wish to authorise Sulekha to contact you in this manner, you will need to call 6000
4050 to complete your request.
The User / Service Provider by signing in this Platform hereby unconditionally consents to
receive calls / SMS's from Sulekha in accordance with the 'Do not disturb' guidelines of Telecom
Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) or such other authority in India and abroad. Sulekha
further reserves the right to send emails and SMS's related to any order / communication by the
User / Service Provider on this Platform and the User / Service Provider agrees that the same
will not tantamount to spam.
UVN
Independent investigation
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. You
understand that we may at any time (directly or indirectly) solicit member referrals on terms
that may differ from those contained in this Agreement. You have independently evaluated the
desirability of participating on this Platform or its programs and are not relying on any
representation, guarantee or statements other than as set forth in this Agreement.
"TERMS OF USE FOR SERVICE PROVIDERS"
For the purpose of this Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires, "you" or "User" shall
mean any natural or legal person who is a Service Provider on this Platform. The terms "we",
"us", "our" shall mean the Platform
Please read the following Terms and Conditions which are applicable to your use of this Platform.
General release
Sulekha has no involvement in the actual transaction between User and Service Provider. This
Platform does not have any control over the quality, safety, or legality of items
advertised, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of Service Providers to
actually sell items they list, or the ability of Users to actually buy items. Please
remember that there are risks in dealing with people you do not know, and that this Platform
has no control over such risks.
All transactions on this Platform are on principal to principal bipartite contractual
obligations between the Service Provider and User. Sulekha is not / does not hold out itself
as an agent / employee of any Service Provider or User or any other individual or entity
availing the facilities of Sulekha. Sulekha is merely a facilitator and does not act as a
part to the transaction.
Service Provider shall indemnify Sulekha, its agents, employees, directors, officers and
affiliates from all refunds or warranties, claims, demands, and damages (actual and
consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected,
disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with listings, completed
or incomplete transactions, or services offered or actually delivered.
You must be at least 18 years of age and possess the legal authority to enter into this
agreement and to use the Services in accordance with all Terms & Conditions herein. If
you are using the Service, you further warrant that you have legal authority to enter into
other agreements for performance of services. You agree to be financially responsible for
all of your use of the Services (as well as for use of your account by others, including
without limitation minors living with you). You also warrant that all information supplied
by you or members of your business and / or household in using the Services, including
without limitation your name, email address, street address, telephone number, credit card
number (when required), and if you are selling goods, all information about your listed
goods, is true and accurate.
You warrant that you will abide by all such additional procedures and guidelines, as
modified from time to time, in connection with your use of the Services. You further warrant
that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding use of the Services.
Without limitation, by listing an item for sale, you warrant that you have the legal right
to sell the item.
You shall not collect personal data and other information for commercial or unlawful
purposes.
As a Service Provider, you agree to list your items in the right category and to accurately
describe the items you are selling.
It is your responsibility to determine whether the purchase or sale of any listed item is
authorised by law, statute, or regulation. Without limitation, the following items may not
be sold or offered for sale on the this Platform - firearms, explosives, and ammunition;
alcoholic beverages (except if you are reselling an alcoholic beverage that was initially
purchased from a retailer and is still in its original container and it is legal to deliver
into the jurisdiction where the User lives); tobacco products; food that is not packaged or
does not comply with all applicable laws for sale to consumers by commercial merchants;
pharmaceuticals and controlled substances; counterfeit, pirated or stolen goods; any goods
that infringe or otherwise violate another party rights, including copyright, patent,
trademark, and rights of publicity and privacy; goods that are, in this Platform's
discretion, indecent, obscene or pornographic; registered or unregistered securities; goods
which you do not have the legal right to sell; goods which are misrepresented or which do
not in fact exist; goods which, if sold via the services, would cause this Platform to
violate any law, statute or regulation.
Sulekha reserves the right to cancel any listing at any time, and reserves the right to
prohibit or restrict access to the Services to anyone at any time, with or without cause.
This Platform reserves the right of removing the profiles of people who register with bogus
addresses, telephone, and fax information. Sulekha reserves the right of removing the web
mail of people who get involved in using web mail for Nigerian frauds.
The Service Provider agrees and acknowledges that the information provided by him regarding
his services is true and correct. Such information cannot be changed except with the prior
intimation to and consent of Sulekha.
As a Service Provider on this Platform you agree that Users may comment on their experiences
with you in the feedback and reviews section of this Platform and you release this Platform
and its Users from any liability for any comments.
Sulekha may provide Service Providers with a Business Virtual Number ("BVN"). BVN shall be
governed by the same terms and conditions as are provided for a UVN. The Service Provider
authorises that the calls made in relation to any / all transactions using the platform may
be recorded for training and quality purposes including dispute resolution, service
assurance, betterment of Sulekha's services, security purposes and other business purposes
of Sulekha. The Service Provider disclaims and / or abandons any right to sue in relation to
the same.
The User / Service Provider by signing on this Platform hereby unconditionally consents to
receive calls / SMS' from this Platform in accordance with the 'Do not disturb' guidelines
of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) or such other authority in India and abroad.
Sulekha further reserves the right to send emails and SMS's related to any order /
communication by the User / Service Provider on this Platform and the User / Service
Provider agrees that the same will not tantamount to spam.
Both User and Service Provider hereby agrees that, at no time shall this Platform have any
obligations or liabilities in respect of any/all transaction(s) entered between the User and
Service Provider. Sulekha shall not responsible or liable for cancellations of bookings
received from any User. It is the responsibility of the Service Provider to verify the
details provided by the User during booking. This Platform is only a platform that
communicates the inputs of the User to the Service Provider.
Settlement: Sulekha at its discretion may settle any amount collected on behalf of the
Service Provider inclusive of taxes for a particular transaction within the acceptable
timelines agreed by this Platform and the Service Provider under this ' Terms of Use ' or
through email. This Platform is not responsible for any delays caused by banks and
settlement intermediaries once the payment is initiated.
16. Sulekha shall not responsible for any discrepancy in the details provided by the Service
Provider such as bank details and proofs. The Service Provider accepts the entire
responsibility of ensuring the correctness of the details provided. Sulekha will process the
payments according to the information provided and will not be liable for any loss incurred
by the Service Provider due to incorrect details. Both User and Service Provider do hereby
agree to indemnify and hold Sulekha and (as applicable) its parent, subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your
breach of these terms, your violation of any law, or your violation of the rights of a third
party, including the infringement by you of any intellectual property or other right of any
person or entity. These obligations will survive any termination of the terms.
Notwithstanding anything expressed hereinabove, the maximum liability for Sulekha under this
terms of use or otherwise shall be the refund of the money collected from you for any
specific service, under which the liability arises.
In no event shall Sulekha be liable to both User and Service Provider on account of booking,
use, misuse or reliance on the portal: for any damages whatsoever, including direct,
special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental damages whether brought in
warranty, contract, intellectual property infringement, tort (including negligence) or other
theory, whatsoever, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill,
use, data, or other intangible losses resulting from [a] the use or the inability to use our
services or access Content, [b] the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services
resulting from transactions entered into through or from this Platform, [c] the unauthorized
access to or alterations of your transmissions or data, [d] statements or conduct of any
third party on the service, or [e] any other matter relating to the service, even if this
Platform, has been advised of the possibility of damages arising out of or connected with
the use (or inability to use) or performance of the portal, reliance upon or performance of
any material contained in or accessed from any portal. Sulekha does not assume any legal
liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any
information, product or process disclosed on the portal or other material accessible from
the portal.
Passwords
Your password should be a combination of alphabets and at least one number and a special
character. You are solely responsible for actions taken under your password, and should not
disclose it to anyone else. You cannot use your password for any unauthorised purpose.
Compliance with laws
You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations concerning
your participation in this Platform.
Others Information
You agree not to make use of anyone else's information concerning this Platform's market places
other than as necessary to participate on this Platform and to complete any transactions in
which you are involved.
OWNERSHIP OF DATA
When participating in any of this Platform's service, you may provide us with information about
yourself and / or products and services listed. You grant Sulekha exclusive rights in all of
this information, and all information derived or generated from it, in all existing or future
media. These rights include but are not limited to the right to display your information
anywhere on this Platform's services and media properties, to search the information, and,
consistent with our privacy policy, to repackage and resell it to anyone for any reason. As used
in this paragraph, information includes but is not limited to data, text, photographs, drawings,
sound recordings, feedback, and any other information or data displayed or presented in
connection with your listings on this Platform.
RIGHTS TO TERMINATE
You agree that Sulekha, in its sole discretion, may terminate any use of the Service / delete the
listing immediately and without any prior notice.
RELATIONSHIP
There is no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee
relationship between Sulekha and any User / Service Provider of the Platform.
FALSE INFORMATION
If at any point of time Sulekha finds that the information provided by you in your registration
or web mail is false, Sulekha reserves the right to terminate your account.
FREE LOOK PERIOD
You have the right to review the Terms & Conditions and cancel your campaign on this
Platform, within 7 working days from the date of your campaign going live. If you choose to
cancel your campaign, your refund will be processed as per Refund terms listed under the 'Terms
of Use'.
REFUNDS
Refund of booking fee
A booking fee excluding other applicable taxes may be collected by Sulekha for the transactions
booked through the Platform. If at any time, the Users are not satisfied with the quality of the
Service Provider, User may call Service provider care toll free number of this Platform wherein
the complaint will be noted for review. Sulekha holds the authority to decide if the booking fee
should be refund for this compliant. Further, User will not have any right to claim or allege
anything against Sulekha in respect of services provided/money collected by the Service Provider
from the User beyond the booking fee amount.
In any case should you in any manner wrongfully or illegally detain any director, employee,
affiliate, agent, representative or subcontractor of Sulekha, we shall be constrained to take
all such actions including cancellation of the refund process. Any refund will stand forfeited
without any further reference to you. This shall be in addition to and without prejudice to all
our further remedies at law
Cancellation
User shall directly contact Sulekha for processing any requests pertaining to cancellation of
bookings.
On receiving cancellation request, the refund shall be governed by the Refund terms mentioned in
the Agreement. The cancellation request should be raised before a minimum of 24 hours before the
scheduled time for performance of service. For any requests that are not raised before 24 hours,
the booking fee is non-refundable.
REFUND OF TRANSACTION PAYMENT - SERVICE PROVIDER
Sulekha refund policy:
Sulekha is not obligated to refund to you any amounts or fees paid by you while placing the order, except solely in the event you rescind or terminate your subscription within the seven days from the date of activation of campaign following your agreement to purchase a service package. You authorize Sulekha to charge you for any sales or similar taxes that may be imposed on your payments, lead fees, or any other fees charged by Sulekha	:
In case of any rejected, non-activated campaigns, Sulekha will make best effort to process the refund within a period of 15 days (Fifteen days) from date of clearance of payment. In case of refund of amount paid under advance renewals, Sulekha will make best efforts
to process the refund within a period of 15 days ( fifteen days) from the date of receipt of communication to care@sulekha.com for refund.
For activated campaigns, refund will be processed as follows:
Sulekha, subject to terms and applicable polices shall offer complete available amount towards refund to the customer if the refund request is raised within 7 days from the date of activation of this campaign.
Sulekha will offer a refund in the first 30 days of the campaign, after deducting only the:
Amount consumed amount under the Campaign (Inclusive of MPC & Service delivered charges).
20 % towards Cancellation Charges
and applicable taxes and
Bonus amounts, if any.
No refund requests shall be accepted by the company, after completion of 30 days from the date of activation of the campaign
All refunds, wherein the refund requests are raised within thirty days from the date of activation of campaign will be processed through cheque except for payment made via cards or net banking, in such cases, refund will be processed to the Service Providers card account / bank account. In any case should you in any manner wrongfully or illegally detain any director, employee, affiliate, agent, representative or subcontractor of Sulekha, we shall be constrained to take all such actions including cancellation of the refund process. Any refund will stand forfeited without any further reference to you. This shall be in addition to and without prejudice to all our further remedies of law.
APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If any dispute, controversy or claim arises out of, or in relation to, or in connection with this
Agreement or its termination or validity, the parties shall attempt to mutually resolve the same
through mediation.
However, if the parties fail to resolve the above dispute within a period of 30 days, the same
shall be referred to arbitration under the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.
The arbitration shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator, appointed by Sulekha. The place of
arbitration shall be in Chennai, India and it shall be conducted in English.
The award of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the parties
The courts in Chennai shall have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any dispute arising
between the User and the Service Provider with Sulekha.
The User and Service Provider agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any
claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the use of this Platform or these Terms
and Conditions must be filed within one (1) year. Any claim or cause of action which may arise
or is filed after a period of one year from the date of transaction shall not be entertained and
shall be barred.
USER Declaration  Advocates and Lawyer service.
User by virtue of submitting/ searching for any keyword in relation to advocates and lawyers
in the platform agree and accept that:
a. There has been no advertisement, personal communication, solicitation, invitation or
inducement of any sort whatsoever from Sulekha or any of Service Providers listed to solicit
any work through the platform
b. The user wishes to gain more information about advocate for his/her own information and
use
c. Sulekha does not have control over the quality of knowledge, amount of time taken,
legality, failure to provide with a result, or any other aspect whatsoever of any
opinion/service provided by Lawyer(s), nor of the integrity, responsibility or any of the
actions or omissions whatsoever of any Lawyer in any manner. Sulekha does not guarantee any
expertise or quality of lawyers listed on the platform and we take no responsibility of any
default caused or insufficient service provided by the Lawyers. Sulekha will not be liable
for any claim, injury or damage arising in connection with your use of the service.
d. The information about advocate is provided to the user only on his/her specific request
and any information obtained or materials downloaded from this website is completely at the
users volition and any transmission, receipt or use of this site would not create any
relationship or liability.
e. Sulekha does not provide any legal services and we are not a law firm.
f. You understand that the platform is not an advertising service for Lawyers and it does
not solicit business of or promote any Lawyer and hence Sulekha is not in violation of
propositions of Advocates Act 1961 and/or Bar Council Rules.
g. You agree and understand that Lawyers are not employees or agents of Sulekha and no
information of any kind including ratings, reviews, score etc or answers to
questions/queries provided by any Lawyer over chat or otherwise constitutes an endorsement,
recommendation or referral of any Lawyer.
h. We do not recommend any specific lawyer or select, endorse or recommend any Lawyer to the
User. The selection and hiring of services of any Lawyer is at the sole discretion of the
User.
i. When a User selects any Lawyer, the Lawyer acts on its sole behalf and is not a
representative or agent of Sulekha. We do not in any way guarantee the accuracy, adequacy,
authenticity of such information provided by the Lawyer and the User should independently
analyse and apply his prudent mind in testing the authenticity of the information provided
by the Lawyer.
j. We do not have control over the quality of knowledge, amount of time taken, legality, fee
charged, failure to provide with a result, or any other aspect whatsoever of any
opinion/service provided by Lawyer(s), nor of the integrity, responsibility or any of the
actions or omissions whatsoever of any l Lawyer in any manner.
k. We are not liable for any consequence of any action taken by the user relying on material
/ information provided under this website. In cases you have specific legal queries, he/she
in all cases must seek independent legal advice.
Users are encouraged to investigate or perform your own due diligence concerning the Lawyers and
their qualifications. No representation is made that the quality of the professional services to
be performed is greater than the quality of professional services performed by other Lawyers. We
urge all users to make their own independent investigation and evaluation of any Lawyer being
considered.
Advocates and Lawyers Declaration:
The advocates and lawyers by virtue of listing their profile in the platform does hereby
declare, undertake and accept that :
a. listing of their credentials as lawyer with Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd ( Platform) and
availing subsequent services thereto is not in contravention of any of the provisions of the
existing laws which also includes Bar Council of India Rules.
b. have provided true, accurate, current, and complete information to us in connection with
any use or access of the Services
c. will maintain and update the information to keep it true, accurate, correct, and
complete.
d. Sulekha reserves the right to terminate your access to the Services in the event we learn
or believe any information provided by you may be false, inaccurate, incorrect, or
incomplete.
e. The details of Lawyer such as name, telephone number, email id, areas of practice etc
provided in the platform is true and is not in violation Bar Council Of India Rules
f. They shall comply with all the applicable laws in India including the rules made there
under for using the platform or availing the payment facility provided on the platform.
Rewards and Points system for Users
This Special Offer is not redeemable for cash or any other items/offers.
Sulekha reserves the right to add vary/replace all or any of the terms and conditions
wholly or in part this promotional scheme or to withdraw it completely or change the
composition of the Special Offer.
The customer agrees to release, indemnify and hold harmless, Sulekha its respective
affiliates, its advertising and promotion agencies, and all of its respective agents,
representatives, officers, directors, shareholders and employees from and against any
injuries, losses, damages, claims, actions, or any liability of any kind resulting from
or arising from your or any third partys use (or misuse) of the Special Offer.
The terms of the Offer are construed according to the laws of India.
Sulekha reserves the right to forfeit the Special Offer in the event it is found any
information provided by the Eligible Customers is wrong or any misrepresentation is made
by them.
This Special Offer is subject to force majeure clause i.e. In the event of unforeseeable
or any other circumstances such as technical failures in the telephone lines, server
failures or any
mistakes arising out of technical snags, Sulekha will be unable to perform the
obligation. By availing this Offer, it shall be construed that the customer has read,
understood, accepted and agreed to abide by all the terms and condition stated
hereunder.
Information about the Offer is correct at the time of publication. Eligible Customer can
refer to the latest set of Terms and Conditions available on Sulekhas website.
All services offered are at the sole discretion of Sulekha.
Sulekha reserves the right to modify/change all or any of the Terms and Conditions
applicable to Offer without providing any reasons or prior intimation whatsoever.
Sulekha also reserves the right to discontinue the Offer without giving any reasons or
prior intimation whatsoever.
Wallets with statuses such as Lost/Stolen/Blocked are not eligible for this offer.
Any tax or other liabilities or charges payable to the Government or any other statutory
authority/body or any participating establishment, which may arise or accrue to the
Customer due to provision of the Offer, shall be to the sole account of the Customer. *
Sulekha reserves the right to disqualify the Offer or Customer/s from the benefits of
the Offer if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the purpose
of availing the benefits under the Offer.
Sulekha User can avail the offer within 1 year of the earned points.
Mobile number needs to be verified to be eligible for cash back.
Conversion ratio of points to paytm cash will vary and solely determined by Sulekha as
it deems fit.
Points will be earned by a customer for maximum of giving two reviews per day(00:00 to
23:59)
Points can be earned only for need request posted within last 90 days from the date of
giving review.
User Terms-Booking Model
The following terms constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and
Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd (Sulekha) governing use of www.sulekha.com and related
mobile applications (together referred to as "Platform") and any transactions performed
in the platform. Sulekha matches needs of users with that of service provider and acts
as intermediary in need fulfillment process. This is an agreement between you as the
user of the Platform and Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd. ("Sulekha"). The expressions
"You" "Your" or "User(s)" refers to any person who accesses or uses the platform for any
purpose and we," "us," "Company" or "our" refers to entity that you are contracting for
the service i.e Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd.
By subscribing to or interacting with other User(s) on or entering into negotiations in
respect of need or subscribing to any services on or using the platform in any manner
for any purpose, You undertake and agree that You have fully read, understood and
accepted the Agreement.
If you do not agree to or do not wish to be bound by the Agreement, You may not access
or otherwise use the platform in any manner. This Agreement applies to any person who
accesses or uses the Web Site for any purpose. It also applies to any legal entity which
may be represented by any person who accesses or uses the Web Site, under actual or
apparent authority. User(s) may use this Web Site solely for their commercial/business
purposes.
This Agreement applies to all services offered on the Web Site and by Sulekha,
collectively with any additional terms and conditions that may be applicable in respect
of any specific service used or accessed by User(s) on the Web Site. In the event of any
conflict or inconsistency between any provision of this Agreement and any additional
terms and conditions applicable in respect of any service offered on the Web Site, such
additional terms and conditions applicable in respect of that service shall prevail over
this Agreement.
1.Terms of Usage
Users of this service are responsible for all aspects of the transactions in which they
choose to participate. Sulekha requires a user to register before posting a service need
requirement or uploading any content on the platform. Sulekha does not review or
authenticate all listings, items, or services offered for sale. Sulekha has no control
over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised the truth or accuracy of
the listings, the ability of Service Providers to service the need or the ability of
executive to perform the services as per users need requirements. Therefore, users of
this service should be aware that:
User agrees that and accept exclusions and inclusions under scope of service as
displayed at the time of placing the order in the platform. User accepts that,
Sulekha shall not be held liable for any change in exclusions and/or inclusions by
the service provider at the time of rendering the services booked through the
platform.
Service Providers and users are completely responsible for working out the sale
and exchange of goods or services. Sulekha is not responsible for any
non-performance or breach of any contract entered into between the users and Service
Providers. Sulekha cannot and does not guarantee that the respective service
provider will perform any transaction concluded on the Sulekha portal.
Both user and Service Provider do hereby agree that Sulekha shall not be required
to mediate or resolve any dispute or disagreement that might arise between the
parties out of these transactions.
Service Providers and users are responsible for researching and complying with
any applicable laws, regulations or restrictions on items, services, or manner of
sale or exchange that may pertain to transactions in which they participate.
Service Providers and users are responsible for all applicable taxes and for all
costs incurred towards any transactions emanating platform. Service Providers and
users are responsible for researching and complying with any applicable laws,
regulations or restrictions on items, services, or manner of sale or exchange that
may pertain to transactions in which they participate
Sulekha will not be liable for damages of any kind incurred to any parties as a
result of the information contained in Sulekha.com website. Users shall not use or
manipulate this service for any fraudulent activity or purpose. Items or services
offered for sale must comply with applicable laws. Sulekha disclaims any and all
responsibility or liability for any harm resulting from your use of third party
Services, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against Sulekha with respect to
the content or operation of any third party services.
Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property
rights in our Services or the content you access. These terms do not grant you the
right to use any branding or logos used in our Services.
You agree to comply with the terms of use and acknowledge that Sulekha reserves
the right to terminate your account or take such other action ( including legal
remedies) as deemed fit if you commit breach of any terms of use.
User agrees that Sulekha is a platform, indemnifies Sulekha, its employees,
officers, agents and directors from claims, demands and damages (actual and
consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with
transactions or disputes. We do not control the information provided by other users
that is made available through our system. Users may find other user's information
to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or deceptive. Please use caution and common
sense for your own safety. Please note that there are also risks of dealing with
underage persons or people acting under false pretense. Additionally, there may also
be risks dealing with international trade and foreign nationals.
It is confirmed and acknowledged by the user that, all/any information provided
by the user, including name, age, contact details and other details to Sulekha are
accurate and can be used and forwarded by Sulekha to Service Provider(s). Any such
act, committed by Sulekha shall not constitute a violation of privacy or other
rights of the user.
At no time shall Sulekha have any obligations or liabilities in respect of
all/any transaction entered into between the user and Service Provider. Sulekha is
not responsible for unsatisfactory or delayed performance of services or damages, if
any incurred during service.
Sulekha does not make any kind of warranties or representation on delivery,
service, quality, suitability and availability of services in the website.
Sulekha shall not be responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever that may be
suffered or any personal injury that may be suffered to a user, directly or
indirectly by use or non-use of services mentioned in the website
Prices mentioned (if any) on the Sulekha portal are subject to change. Users are
advised to check with Service Provider for the final price and additional charges
applicable, any. Users agree that they shall directly negotiate with service
provider in case of change of rates and make payments towards all outstanding dues.
User(s) agree to fully assume the risks of any transactions ("Transaction Risks")
conducted on the basis of any content, information or any other material provided on
the platform and further assume the risks of any liability or harm of any kind
arising due to or caused in connection with any subsequent activity relating to any
products or services that are the subject of any such transaction.
Such risks include, but are not limited to, misrepresentation of products and
services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory quality, failure to meet
specifications, defective or dangerous products/services, unlawful
products/services, delay or default in delivery or payment, cost miscalculations,
breach of warranty, breach of contract and transportation accidents.
Such risks also include the risks that the sale and/or use of products or services
offered or displayed on the platform may violate or may be asserted to violate Third
Party Rights, and the risk that that User(s) may incur costs of defense or other
costs in connection with third parties' assertion of Third Party Rights, or in
connection with any claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or
indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third
Party Rights claimants.
Such risks further include the risks that the purchasers, end-users of services or
others claiming to have suffered injuries or harms relating to services originally
obtained by User(s) of the Web Site as a result of purchase and sale transactions in
connection with using any content, information or any other material provided on the
platform may suffer harms and/or assert claims arising from their use of such
services.
Notwithstanding anything expressed hereinabove, the maximum liability for Sulekha.com
New Media Pvt Ltd under this terms of use or otherwise shall be the refund of the money
collected from you for any specific service, under which the liability arises.
In no event shall Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd be liable to both user and customer on
account of booking, use, misuse or reliance on the portal: for any damages whatsoever,
including direct, special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental damages
whether brought in warranty, contract, intellectual property infringement, tort
(including negligence) or other theory, whatsoever, including, but not limited to,
damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses resulting
from [A] the use or the inability to use our services or access content, [B] the cost of
procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from transactions entered into
through or from Sulekha, [C] the unauthorized access to or alterations of your
transmissions or data, [D] statements or conduct of any third party on the service, or
[E] any other matter relating to the service, even if Sulekha.com, has been advised of
the possibility of damages arising out of or connected with the use (or inability to
use) or performance of the portal, reliance upon or performance of any material
contained in or accessed from any portal. Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd does not assume
any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of
any information, product or process disclosed on the portal or other material accessible
from the portal.
2.Payment
Pricing for the services will be as described in the respective page of platform.
Users shall be provided with the option to book the service by paying a percentage of
payment in advance through the platform.
The Payment Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources
("Third-Party Services"). Such Third-Party Services are subject to different terms and
conditions and privacy practices and Members should review them independently. Sulekha
is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such Third-Party
Services, or the content, products, or services available from such Third-Party
Services. Links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement by Sulekha of such
Third-Party Services.
You represent and warrant that: (i) neither you nor service location is/are located or
take place in a country that is subject to a Indian embargo, or that has been designated
by the Indian Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (ii) you are not
listed on any Indian Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. In addition to
complying with the above, you must also comply with any relevant export control laws in
your local jurisdiction.
Your access to or use of certain Payment Services may be subject to, or require you to
accept, additional terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Payments
Terms and terms and conditions applicable for a specific Payment Service, the latter
terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your use of or access to that
Payment Service, unless specified otherwise.
Sulekha reserves the right to modify these Payments Terms at any time subject to this
clause. If we make changes to these Payments Terms, we will post the revised Payments
Terms on the Platform and update the "Last Updated" date at the top of these Payments
Terms. You are requested to check and verify that you are in agreement with any/all
changes.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy and completeness of your Payment Method
and Payout Method information. Sulekha is not responsible for any loss suffered by you
as a result of incorrect Payment Method or Payout Method information provided by you.
3.Cancellation
User agree and accept that any service booked for the platform cannot be cancelled under
any circumstances. User agrees and accept that any booking fee or such other amount paid
in Sulekha platform towards booking of service is non-refundable.
4.Disclaimers
If you choose to use the Payment Services, you do so voluntarily and at your sole risk.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Payment Services are provided "as is",
without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
Notwithstanding Sulekha's appointment as the limited payment collection agent of Service
Providers for the purposes of accepting payments from Users through the Sulekha's
Platform, Sulekha explicitly disclaims all liability for any act or omission of any
Service Provider or other third party. Sulekha does not have any duties or obligations
as agent for each Service Provider except to the extent expressly set forth in
applicable Terms, and any additional duties or obligations as may be implied by law are,
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, expressly excluded.
If we choose to conduct identity verification on any Service Provider and/or User, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim warranties of any kind, either express
or implied, that such checks will identify prior misconduct by a Service Provider/ User
or guarantee that a Service Provider/ User will not engage in misconduct in the future.
The foregoing disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by law. You may have
other statutory rights or warranties which cannot lawfully be excluded. However, the
duration of any statutorily required warranties shall be limited to the maximum extent
(if any) permitted by law.
5.Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to release, defend,
indemnify, and hold Sulekha and its affiliates and subsidiaries, and their officers,
directors, employees, and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities,
damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and
accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your breach of these
Payments Terms; (ii) your improper use of the Payment Services; (iii) Sulekha's
Collection and Remittance of applicable Taxes; or (iv) your breach of any laws,
regulations, or third-party rights.
6.Limitation of Liability
Neither Sulekha nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the
Payment Services will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential
damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption,
computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for
any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in
connection with (i) these Payments Terms, (ii) from the use of or inability to use the
Payment Services, or (iii) from any communications, interactions, or meetings with other
users or other persons with whom you communicate, interact, transact, or meet with as a
result of your use of the Payment Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort
(including negligence), product liability, or any other legal theory, and whether or not
Sulekha has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy
set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. Except for our
obligations to pay amounts to applicable Service Providers pursuant to these Payments
Terms, in no event will Sulekha' aggregate liability arising out of or in connection
with these Payments Terms and your use of the Payment Services including, but not
limited to, from your use of or inability to use the Payment Services, exceed or Indian
Rupees Two hundred only (INR 200/-), if no such payments have been made, as applicable.
The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the
bargain between Sulekha and you. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or
limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation
may not apply to you. If you reside outside of the India., this does not affect Sulekha'
liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, nor for fraudulent
misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, or any other liability
which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
7.Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the laws of India. Any action brought
hereunder shall be brought exclusively in the courts in Chennai, and both parties hereby
consent to the jurisdiction of such courts and to such venue, which both agree is
convenient.
Any dispute or difference arising out of, or in connection with, your usage of platform
or the breach thereof which cannot be amicably settled between User and Sulekha
(including through alternative dispute resolution procedures as may be agreed to by the
Parties) shall be arbitrated in accordance with the Indian Arbitration and Conciliation
Act, 1996 or any statutory enactment or re-enactment in force. The seat of the
arbitration shall be Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. A Sole arbitrator appointed by Sulekha
shall conduct the arbitration proceedings, whose reward shall be final. The language of
the arbitration shall be English. Outside India, the Parties agree to go through
Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) procedures, arbitrated in accordance with the
UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules as at present in force.
Any resulting arbitral decision shall be final and binding on both parties. Judgment upon
any arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Such
judgment shall be in lieu of any other remedy.
Please note that the clauses of this agreement along with applicable policies placed in
the platform can be changed/altered over time. Users are advised to regularly check our
privacy statements for such updates and ensure that they do are in agreement with
changes and updates. The Agreement read with terms of use, copyrights policy, Privacy
Policy and such other policies placed in the platform constitute the entire agreement
between the User(s) and Sulekha with respect to access to and use of the Sulekha,
superseding any prior written or oral agreements in relation to the matters described
hereinabove.
Sulekha Services- T & C
Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd (Sulekha/Company) offers its customers a solution to
effectively and easily manage the visibility of their points of sale.
RECITALS
Sulekha is engaged in the business of providing services to business to manage their points
of sale on a range of partner platforms, with which the company has established agreements and/or
established a solution to monitor reviews, in order to be aware of what internet users may say about
these establishments on local sites.
Sulekha and Licensee wish to enter into this Agreement whereby Sulekha provides certain access to
platform to synchronize the information and Data transmitted by the customers to the partner (defined below)
and Updated Information Services (defined below).
1. DEFINITIONS
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings with such meanings to
be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined:
"Agreement"
means this License Agreement, along with order form, privacy policy and any other terms of use
provided in the platform and any agreements, schedules or exhibits supplementing or amending this
Agreement.
"Fees"
means the amount payable by Licensee for access to and use of the Service
"Information"
means the information provided by customers for synchronization to partner platforms, collectively.
"Proprietary Information"
means the Service and all other data, manuals, documentation, algorithms, and other information that
may be disclosed or provided to Licensee in the course of providing the Service, and all intellectual property rights thereon.
"POI (Point of Interest)"
address of a point of sales or a service of a customer.
"Partner Platforms"
Google My Business & Google Maps, Waze, TomTom, Here, Foursquare, Factual and Facebook local.
"Service"
means the synchronization of information provided by the customer and any software applications
and any other services provided by Sulekha to Licensee. The Service includes any corrections,
enhancements, updates or other modifications to the Service during the term of this Agreement.
"Updated Information Service"
means the service provided by Sulekha to Licensee whereby the Information is updated on an on-going
basis upon receipt of data from customers.
2. LICENSE
2.1 Grant.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Licensees obligation to pay for the Service),
Sulekha grants to Licensee a 12 month (unless otherwise terminated as set forth herein) a non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use the Service solely for the purposes of synchronization of customer data across partner platforms.
The Partner platforms can, at any time freely change their graphic policy, posting policy and commercial
policy with respect to the posting of content. Sulekha can therefore not engage in an obligation to achieve
results with respect to the publishing of certain content and Data on certain platforms or even with respect
to the simple publishing of information on a particular site. However, Sulekha commits to do its utmost to
ensure that the Data published by the Customer is published on the Partner sites as quickly as possible.
The customer remains responsible for information published on the public files of the Partners platform
before, during and after the assured provision by the Sulekha. They retain the option to modify this
information themselves by following the Partners instructions.
2.2 Publishable data
The customer commits to do submit correct information with respect to its business for integration and synchronization
of its point of sale integrate the maximum possible Data published by the Customer, notably:
Business name
Address (house n, post code, country)
Categories (activity type)
Telephone N
Latitude
Longitude
Website URL
Email
Facebook link
Opening Hours
Extra hours
Business logo
Business photographs
Business description or point of sale description
The Customer commits to update the Data on this file regularly and at least before each update.
The Customer commits to do its utmost to help the Sulekha if they require complementary information to keep within the written obligations.
The Customer commits to only update the Sulekha with lawful content, free from any violation of public order, morality or the rights of third parties.
Review Management
A. Centralization of The Customers local reviews
The Sulekha commits to provide the Customer with a monitoring solution for local reviews so that the latter
may be informed as soon as a review related to these establishments is posted by an internet user on a Partner
site, in order to respond to it quicker. To date, the partners of the Sulekha are Google, and Facebook.
If Sulekha signs new partnership agreements during the contractual period, they will be automatically integrated
into the solution provided to the Customer, at no extra cost, provided that this partner was negotiated on a no charge basis.
For the proper execution of the contract, the Customer must provide the Sulekha with Data via the Sulekha interface (or a
dedicated stream) or via an Excel file complying with the standards defined by The Sulekha.
The Partner platforms can, at any time freely change their policy for providing notice.
The Sulekha can therefore not engage in an obligation to achieve results with respect to the recovery of local notices.
However, The Sulekha commits to do its utmost to centralize all reviews on the interface as frequently as possible.
The review monitoring product consists of several things:
Notification of Customer as soon as a negative review is published (review below 5 stars)
Sending of a weekly report
Centralization of reviews on the Sulekha interface to which the Customer will have access
Management of users (national manager, regional manager, local manager) to facilitate integration and response to reviews
Facilitated response to reviews from the Sulekha interface (redirection to the link where the review is located)
B. Sending SMS invitations to submit reviews
Sulekha undertakes to provide the Customer with a solution of incitement to
deposit reviews via SMS invitations sent from the Sulekhas interface.
To date, the Review Booster solution allows you to send SMS invitations in order to post a review on Google My Business.
If the Sulekha signs new partnerships during the contractual period, these will automatically be integrated into the
solution provided to the Customer, without additional cost, on the condition that this partnership is negotiated on the
basis of a free package.
Partner platforms may change the policy for the submission of the reviews at any time and freely.
Sulekha cannot therefore commit to an obligation of result regarding the reviews posted on Google
My Business listing.
2.3 Restrictions on Use
Licensee represents and warrants to Sulekha, both during and after the term of this Agreement, the following provisions:
The Service is for the sole use within Licensees own organization and by Licensees own employees or agents. The Service may not be shared with affiliates or any third party, including joint marketing arrangements. The Service may not be used outside the territorial jurisdiction of India without the prior written consent of Sulekha
Licensee agrees both during and after the term of this Agreement that Licensee shall not: (i) disclose, use, disseminate, reproduce or publish any portion of the Service in any manner other than as stated in this Agreement, (ii) permit any parent, subsidiaries, affiliated entities or other third parties to use the Service or any portion thereof; (iii) use the Service as a sole indicator in providing its monitoring and fraud detection services and products nor process or permit to be processed the Service or any portion thereof, except in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, with other data or software from any other source, (iv) allow access to the Service through any terminals located outside of Licensees operations, except in accordance with this Agreement, (v) use the Service to create, enhance or structure any database in any form for resale or distribution, except in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or (vi) use the Service to create derivative products. Licensee shall be solely responsible for obtaining any and all necessary licenses, certificates, permits, approvals or other authorizations required by central, state or local statute, law or regulation applicable to Licensees use of the Service. Sulekha makes no representations or warranties about the legality or propriety of the use of the Service in any jurisdiction, state or region.
Licensee will abide by all prevailing central, state, and local laws and regulations governing data and rights to privacy, and (ii) submit the true and correct information.
Licensee will not use the Service for any purpose that: (i) infringes any third partys copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy, (ii) violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation the laws and regulations governing unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising), or (iii) is defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing;
3. PAYMENT AND FEES
3.1 Fees
In consideration of the rights granted Licensee hereunder, Licensee will pay Sulekha the Fees as more specifically described in e-orders.
3.2 Taxes
Fees are exclusive of goods and services tax and other taxes, which are the responsibility of Licensee. Sulekha shall charge Licensee applicable GST; Licensee shall be responsible for filing all other taxes.
3.3 Billing; Payments; Late Fees
At the end of each Sulekha billing cycle, Sulekha will invoice Licensee for all Fees incurred by Licensee during such billing cycle. Sulekha will impose a late charge of 2 percent per month compounded on any delinquent account until paid in full hereunder until all delinquent amounts owed have been paid in full. Licensee agrees to pay all attorney fees and collection costs incurred by Sulekha in collecting any delinquent account, whether or not litigation is instituted. In the event of any litigation or other action involving this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees and court costs including at trial, on any appeal, and/or in a bankruptcy or similar proceeding, in addition to any other recovery to which it is entitled.
3.4 Compliance Audits
Sulekha reserves the right, at its own expense, to select an independent auditor to audit Licensee for the purpose of ensuring Licensees compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, after providing Licensee with reasonable notice thereof. If such audit indicates there has been a material breach in Licensees compliance of the Agreement.
The responsibility of the Sulekha is limited to the amount actually paid by the customer since the last renewal of the contract.
4. TERM; TERMINATION
4.1 Term.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one year, commencing on the Effective Date. The term shall automatically renew for additional successive twelve (12) month terms, unless terminated pursuant to Subsection 4.2 (Termination) of this Agreement.
4.2 Termination.
Sulekha may terminate this Agreement without any cause, at its discretion by sending a written intimation to other party. Licensee may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days prior written notice. Except for the termination provisions in Section 3.4 (Audits), if either party breaches any provision of this Agreement, the non-breaching party shall, upon providing written notice of such breach, be entitled to immediately terminate this Agreement, provided such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days following such notice. If this Agreement is terminated as a result of a breach, the non-breaching party shall, in addition to its right of termination, be entitled to pursue legal remedies against the breaching party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Licensee is in breach under Section 3 (Fees) of this Agreement, Sulekha may terminate this Agreement effective immediately after giving Licensee written notice of such default.
4.3 Payment Upon Expiration or Earlier Termination
Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement as set forth above in Subsections 4.1 (Term) and 4.2 (Termination), Licensee shall pay Sulekha in full for all services actually delivered and services actually performed by Sulekha under this Agreement prior to the effective date of such expiration or termination.
5. Disclaimer
SULEKHA DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE IS VALID, COMPLETE, FREE FROM ERROR, WILL MEET LICENSEES NEEDS, OR THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE PROVIDED ON AN UNINTERRUPTED BASIS AND THE SULEKHA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. THE SULEKHA DO NOT ASSUME, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, ANY LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY ERRORS, DELAYS IN NOTIFICATION OR OMISSIONS IN THE SERVICE. WHETHER SUCH ERRORS, DELAYS IN NOTIFICATION OR OMISSIONS RESULT FROM NEGLIGENCE, ACCIDENT, OR OTHER CAUSE.
6. SULEKHAS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
SULEKHA SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF BREACH OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, WHICH SHALL BE LIMITED AS FOLLOWS: SULEKHA TOTAL LIABILITY AND LICENSEES EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER BREACH OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT MONEY DAMAGES NOT EXCEEDING THE GREATER OF (I) ONE THOUSAND RUPEES (INR 1000/-) OR (II) ALL FEES PAID BY LICENSEE TO SULEKHA UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXISTENCE OF MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL NOT ENLARGE THE LIMIT. SULEKHA SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY UNDER OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR REVENUE OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, EVEN IF SULEKHA IS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY.
7. LICENSEES INDEMNIFICATION
Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold Sulekha harmless from and against all claims of third parties arising out of or related to the use of the Service by the Licensee, or attributable to Licensees breach of this Agreement. Sulekha shall control the defense and any settlement of such claim, and shall cooperate with Licensee shall cooperate with Sulekha in defending against such claim.
8. LICENSEES ACCEPTANCE OF INFORMATION
Licensee acknowledges that Sulekha facilitates synchronization of Information is submitted by the licensee with partner platforms. Sulekha shall use good faith in attempting to obtain information and upload it against respective point of sale under partner platforms, in Sulekhas sole judgment, but does not guarantee the accuracy of the information furnished. Licensee also acknowledges that for the consideration tendered hereunder Sulekha cannot be an insurer of the accuracy of the information and that the terms under which the Information is provided under this Agreement are based upon the parties expectation and agreement that the risk of any loss that may be incurred by use of the Information will be borne by Licensee and not Sulekha. Licensee agrees that the Information is secured by and through fallible human sources, that Sulekha does not undertake a separate investigation for each individual listed, and that Sulekha makes no representations regarding the any individual listed in the Information. Licensee therefore agrees that it is responsible for determining that the Information is acceptable and in accordance with Sulekhas obligations under this Agreement. If Licensee reasonably determines that the Information does not meet Sulekhas obligations under this Agreement, Licensee shall so notify Sulekha in writing within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Information. Licensees failure to so notify Sulekha shall mean that Licensee accepts the Information is true and correct, and Sulekha shall have no liability whatsoever for the Information
9. FORCE MAJEURE
In the case of force majeure, the obligations of both parties will be suspended. By express agreement, constituting a force majeure, disturbances of the telecommunications network as well as all attributable unavailability which is not caused by the Sulekha and is out of its control.
In the case that force majeure persists for longer than sixty (60) days, the present contract may be automatically terminated by one of the other of the parties.
10. JURISDICTION
The parties intend to give exclusive jurisdiction to the High Court of Madras and subordinate courts thereto for any dispute concerning the validity, interpretation, execution or breach of the present contract.
Sulekha eLearn Terms of Service
The following terms constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between you and Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd (Sulekha) governing use of Sulekha eLearn ( at https://elearn.sulekha.com) and related mobile applications (together referred to as 'Platform') and any transactions performed in the platform. The expressions "You" "Your" or "Instructor(s)" refers to any person who accesses or uses the platform for any purpose and we," "us," "Company" or "our" refers to entity that you are contracting for the service i.e., Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd. These Terms constitute an electronic record in accordance with the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 thereunder, as amended from time to time.
By subscribing to or interacting with User(s) on or entering into negotiations in respect of need or performing any services or using the platform in any manner for any purpose, you undertake and agree that you have fully read, understood and accepted the agreement. If you do not agree to or do not wish to be bound by the agreement, you may not access or otherwise use the platform in any manner. This Agreement applies to any person who accesses or uses the Platform for any purpose. It also applies to any legal entity which may be represented by any person who accesses or uses the platform, under actual or apparent authority. User(s) may use this platform solely for their commercial/business purposes.
1.	Description of Sulekha eLearn
Sulekha eLearn is a cloud-based platform that facilitates online education through interaction and exchange of knowledge about a specific course content between Instructor and the Student/User. Technical facilities and tools with video, audio and document interface are offered by Sulekha to both users and Instructor for conducting live/ recorded classes/sessions or any communication that facilitates the same.
2.	DEFINITION
"Content" means text, graphics, images, software, audio, video, information or other materials.
"Collective Content" means, collectively, Sulekha E-Learn Content and User Content.
"Lesson services" means, services provided by the Instructor as courses listed in Sulekha eLearn platform.
"Instructor" means person or entity imparting skills or educating the student and offering related services.
"Sulekha E-Learn Content" means Content that Sulekha E-Learn makes available through the platform, including any Content licensed from a third party, but excluding User Content.
"User" means a person who seeks and/or schedules Lesson Services for a student or for himself/ herself (e.g. a student, parent or guardian).
"User Content" means Content that an Instructor or User posts, uploads, publishes, submits or transmits to be made available through the Site or Services in connection with the Lesson Services or otherwise, including, but not limited to, Questions and related answers posted by Users and Instructors via the Services.
As an Instructor, your use of the Services is governed by the policies, terms and conditions herein.
3.	Using the platform and Eligibility:
Instructor shall provide the following government approved Identity proof, address proof and bank account related details and such other documents as may be requested by Sulekha from time to time before providing services under the agreement. Inorder to use the platform:
You must be 18 (eighteen) years old, authorized to conduct business in India.
You have the authority to accept and agree to this terms of use. In case of an entity you must be an authorized representative with authority to bind that company or entity to these terms
You are not 'incompetent to contract' within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1972
We reserve the right to immediately terminate your account without any notice if we have reason to believe that your account is being used by any person who is not eligible, if the class is being conducted in a manner that does not meet standards, causes harm to the brand or platform or for any other reason.
4.	RIGHTS & PERMISSIONS
Subject to these Terms of Use, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use Sulekha eLearn Platform (Sulekha eLearn). You agree that you will create, access, and/or use only your account, and you will not share with any third-party access to or access information for your account. At time of creation of account, you agree to provide accurate and complete information, and you agree to update your information to keep it accurate and complete.
Instructor shall not publicly share any data/content listed in e-learn platform which contains information about the students.
You are prohibited from using Sulekha E-Learn:
To infringe the rights of any person or entity
In, or in association with, any product marketing, promotional, or commercial activities, including, without limitation, in, or in association with, advertisements, product brochures, company-sponsored web sites, annual reports, or other non-educational publications or distributions.
In, or in connection with, the promotion of a commercial enterprise and/or its product(s) or service(s), and/or in any way that suggests that Sulekha endorses any specific company or product(s)
In any way which is contrary to the policies and principles of Sulekha and/or which might otherwise jeopardize the name or reputation of Sulekha.
To harass or "spam" others, or to distribute malware, spam or any other unwanted activity or content
In any manner which is, or could be considered to be, illegal, or promoting illegal activities
In any manner which is in violation of these Terms of Use.
You are further not permitted to do any of the following with or relating to Sulekha E Learn:
Sharing your password, let anyone access your account, or do anything that might put your account at risk
Attempting to access any other user's account
Reproducing, transferring, selling, reselling, or otherwise misusing any content from Sulekha E-Learn
Accessing, tampering with, or using non-public areas of Sulekha E-Learn
Breaking or circumventing Sulekha's authentication or security measures or otherwise testing the vulnerability of Sulekha E-Learn
Trying to reverse engineer any portion of Sulekha E-Learn
Trying to interfere with any user, host, or network, for example by sending a virus, overloading, spamming, or mail-bombing
Impersonating or misrepresenting your affiliation with any person or entity
Encouraging or help anyone do any of the above
Sulekha may screen or monitor content provided by users, and may remove or edit inappropriate content or activity reported to us or suspend, disable, or terminate a user's access to all or part of Sulekha E-Learn.
5.	ROLE OF SULEKHA
Sulekha acts only acts as a facilitator between the Instructor and User. The transaction is always between the Instructor and the User. It is the sole responsibility of the Instructor to ensure they have all the requisite licenses; approvals and all other legal requirements are complied to undertake and perform services booked. Sulekha gives no warranty or assurance in regards to requisite licenses, approvals and other documents which the Instructor is supposed to obtain from appropriate authorities.
Sulekha shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for any claims with respect to the services including without limitation, claims pertaining to timeliness, safety, continuity, quality, lesson services, conduct of users , Instructors or other users of the site or services or any act or omission of Instructor causing any damage/ risk to the User and vice versa.
Sulekha disclaims and shall disclaim all representations and warranties to the user, of any kind, whether express or implied as to condition, suitability, quality, merchantability and fitness for any purposes in respect of any and all the services that is offered by Instructor and/ or that are used by the users as a part of the service offered through Sulekha eLearn platform.
Without prejudice to the above, Sulekha makes and shall make no representation or warranty to the user that the service of Sulekha will meet your requirements or the service provided by Sulekha will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
Sulekha shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage, how so ever caused or suffered by the Instructor arising out of the use of the service offered by Sulekha or due to the failure of Sulekha to provide services to the user for any reason whatsoever including but not limited to any users' non-compliance with the services offered by Sulekha, which includes, but is not limited to any incorrectly placed voice instructions, malfunction, partial or total failure of any network terminal, data processing system, computer tele-transmission or telecommunications system or other circumstances whether or not beyond the control of Sulekha or any person or any organization involved in the above mentioned systems. Sulekha will not be liable to User or to any other person for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential loss, damage, cost or expense of any kind whatsoever and howsoever caused from out of the information derived by User through usage of Website, in so far as such information is provided by the Instructor.
6.	SECURITY & DATA
Sulekha shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to provide accurate and fit for purpose data security and systems security which includes system level access security measures and data-level access security measures. Sulekha shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all relevant data on its cloud server or other relevant computer systems hereunder are backed up on a regular basis.
In case of any attempt by any parties to infringe security systems, Sulekha will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Sulekha may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities or third parties in investigating and prosecuting users who violate these Instructor Terms of Service or any other policies applicable to use of the Services. Sulekha acts as a technology service that facilitates the provision of Lesson Services between Instructors and Users. You acknowledge that Sulekha has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Site, Services or Collective Content or to review or edit any Collective Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Site and Services, to ensure your compliance with these Instructor Terms of Service or any other policies applicable to use of the Services, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body. Sulekha reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to (i) remove content from the Service at any time for violations of these Instructor Terms of Service or other policies applicable to use of the Service; (ii) give an Instructor the opportunity to amend content it believes to be in violation of these Instructor Terms of Service or other policies applicable to use of the Service.; and (iii) take appropriate action against an Instructor. Nonetheless, you agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Sulekha is not responsible for any User Content or any Instructor's failure to comply with these Instructor Terms of Service or other policies applicable to use of the Service. Without limiting the terms of the "Limitation of Liability" section below and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Sulekha is not responsible for the use or exchange of any information, files or goods between Instructors and Users.
7.	INSTRUCTOR TERMS OF USE:
To Use the Services, you must provide us with the following "Registration Data", a valid and functional e-mail address ("Registered E-mail ID"); a valid and functional phone number registered in your name ("Registered Phone Number"); a password; valid Bank/Card details (for example, Bank Account No, IFSC Code, Bank Account No, Card No, Card Expiry details etc.) and any additional information that RBI Regulations may prescribe to be necessary to satisfy Know Your Customer norms ("KYC Norms"), or as we deem fit.
The Registration Data and any other information provided by you to us must be accurate, current and complete information about yourself or your company as prompted by our registration form, (including your email address) maintain and update your information (including your email address) to keep it accurate, current and complete. Any liability for false, fictitious, inaccurate, not current or incomplete Registration Data provided by you will be borne solely by you and not us.
The Instructor confirms that Sulekha does not own or in any way control contents uploaded in the platform for rendering the said service/s to the user. Sulekha shall not be held liable or responsible in any manner whatsoever for any insufficiency or deficiency of service rendered by the Instructor to the user.
The Instructor shall be liable to Sulekha for any loss caused to Sulekha due to the negligence of the Instructor and/or his/her appointed operators/ contractors and or any unlawful act or omission in the performance of the services. Without prejudice to the above, Sulekha shall not be liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage, which may be suffered by the Instructor as a result of any failure by negligence or fraudulent act committed by user.
The lesson services may be carried out by the Instructor either directly or through their employees/ representatives. However, the services provided through Sulekha technology platform shall be of the highest quality as per industry standards and in accordance and requirements of Sulekha. The Instructor shall be liable to Sulekha for any loss caused due to the negligence of the Instructor and/or his/her employees/ representatives in the performance of the services.
The Instructor shall indemnify Sulekha from and against and in respect of any or all liabilities, losses, charges and expenses (including legal fees and costs on a full indemnity basis) claims, demands, actions and proceedings, which Sulekha may incur or sustain directly or indirectly from any breach by Instructor of its obligations hereunder or any breach of any terms or by any reason, or in relation to the provision or proposed provision of the services by Instructor and the Instructor shall forthwith pay all such sums forthwith on demand by Sulekha in writing.
Sulekha shall be entitled to disclose to all companies within its group, or any of its authorized representative, any government body as may be required by law or by any official directive or request from such government body or any third party through a court process or other official agency, the particulars of an Instructor/ user related data in possession of Sulekha, in any way as Sulekha, in its absolute discretion, deems fit or if it considers it in its interests to do so.
The calls made by users, or on their behalf to Sulekha' call centre, may be recorded by Sulekha or any other agency designated by Sulekha, for quality and training purposes.
Sulekha's maximum liability to Instructor in any event, which includes any failure by Sulekha under this Agreement, shall be restricted and limited to a maximum amount of INR 1000 (Indian Rupees one thousand Only) in the aggregate during the term.
8.	INSTRUCTOR RESPONSIBILITY
The Instructor shall ensure that the user pays the Service Fee (as displayed in the installed technology firmware, or that is otherwise agreed upon by Sulekha and the Instructor at the time of hire), additional charges, other charges (where applicable) and any fee or levy presently payable or herein after imposed by law or required to be paid for rendering the service. All Statutory levies, shall be payable by the Instructor.
Instructor shall ensure that all payments, both initial and all subsequent, made by students towards enrolment of the course and/or availing lesson services is made through Sulekha eLearn platform. Instructor shall, under no circumstances, collect payments directly from the student, bypassing the Sulekha eLearn payment gateway.
Instructor shall also ensure that all sessions will be conducted and all coaching and training will be given to eLearn students through the eLearn platform only and not outside of the platform.
The Instructor will have a functioning mobile number and also have the ability to read and send SMSs from Sulekha, regarding the user details, services rendered, amount paid by the user and to convey user feedback. Instructor shall maintain all documents pertaining to the personal details and whereabouts of all its authorized executives.
In case of live sessions, Instructor shall make himself available in the platform at least 5 minutes before the appointed time for rendering the service.
Instructor shall ensure that they any material submitted / uploaded does not infringe any third-party rights including intellectual property rights and meet acceptable standards of quality.
Instructor agrees to ensure that it shall not use any foul language or improper conduct while rendering lesson services in the platform. Instructor shall not discuss any fees (charged or outstanding) with any student/parent or another Instructor.
Instructor shall always be punctual and maintain professional conduct. Instructor shall communicate effectively with both students and parents, addressing any questions appropriately and professionally
Any payment related issues with a user will be dealt by Sulekha and Instructor (and not by the Instructor's directly with user).
Instructor shall
Ensure proper behavior and decorum while rendering lesson services.
Not perform any act that is illegal, false, fraudulent or misleading.
Not engage in any activity that exploits, harms, or threatens to harm students.
Not share any unwanted or unsolicited email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages), or instant messages with either students or Sulekha personnel.
Not publically display or use the Sulekha eLearn platform to share any inappropriate content or material (e.g., pornography, graphic violence, racially discriminative statement etc.)
Not circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Services.
Not engage in any activity that is harmful to yourself, the platform or others. ( e.g.: stalking, hate speech, spreading propaganda advocating violence against others)
Not engage in any activity that affects the privacy of others ( e.g.: sharing photos, contact numbers, email id, copyrighted material etc. without prior consent)
Not use Student information for marketing or advertising purposes
Not help any person/entity in breaching the terms of use of the platform.
Sulekha reserves the right in its sole discretion to initiate action against the Instructor including but not limited to immediate termination of services, withhold payments, and claim for damages and initiate civil / criminal proceedings against the Instructor for as per applicable law.
Audits may be carried out by Sulekha with/without prior notice to ensure the quality of services and Instructor shall facilitate such audit. Further, the Instructor accepts to address any constructive feedback offered to improve the quality of instruction.
Any complaint/s by users regarding the lesson services, the behavior of Instructor's executive will be considered to be a breach of the Instructor's obligations hereunder. If there are more than 2 (Two) complaints regarding any particular Instructor, then Sulekha may in its sole discretion require inter alia that such services/Instructor's executive be withdrawn/changed from Sulekha's availability.
9.	WARRANTIES
Instructor expressly warrants that:
It has full power and authority to accept/execute and perform this Agreement, and the execution and performance of this Agreement shall not violate any law or agreement to which they are a party or by which it is otherwise bound.
Perform its obligations in a timely manner
Cooperate with Sulekha and users where necessary for the performance of such obligations
Devote such attention and skill as may be reasonably necessary for the proper and efficient performance of its obligations under the agreement.
Shall comply with all applicable laws and shall not infringe any intellectual property rights or third party rights
Free from defects and any improper / unlawful content
Fit and sufficient for the purposes intended
All warranties specified herein shall be in addition to any other warranties, express, statutory or implied.
10.	COPYRIGHT
Sulekha may, from time to time, request Instructors to produce a wide variety of content e.g., stand-alone videos, courses, quizzes, etc. as part of from eLearn. This shall be used for:
Marketing purposes both on and off eLearn
Syndication purposes
Free consumption on eLearn
Pay per view or pay per download
View as part of a content subscription
Instructor agrees to give eLearn the rights for a period of ten years to use the content as listed above, free of cost and royalties. Sulekha eLearn reserves the right to organize such content with content produced by other Instructors to form courses and other material for students. In all cases, the Instructor will be identified as the author of such content. Instructor and eLearn agree to arrive at a mutually satisfactory revenue sharing agreement when students are paying for such recorded content.
11.	DISCLAIMER
The site and services are provided "as is," "where is," "as available," "with all faults" and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, without warranty of any kind. Sulekha and its licensors disclaim all warranties with respect to the site and services, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and title, and any warranties regarding quiet enjoyment, quality of information, security, reliability, timeliness, availability of backed-up data and performance of the site and services. Sulekha does not warrant that the site or the services will meet your requirements, or that the operation of the site and services will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects in the site and services will be corrected, or that encryption algorithms, associated keys and other security measures will be secure or effective. Sulekha does not warrant that provision of lesson services will produce any level of profit or business for you or lead to economic benefit.
You acknowledge and agree that Sulekha does not operate or control the internet and that (i) viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other undesirable data, or software, or (ii) unauthorized users (e.g., hackers) may attempt to obtain access to and damage your data, websites, computers, or networks. Sulekha shall not be responsible for such activities. You are solely responsible for the security and integrity of your data and systems. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from Sulekha or through the site, services or collective content, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.
You are solely responsible for all of your communications and interactions with Instructors and other users of the site and services and with other persons with whom you communicate or interact as a result of your use of the site or services, including, without limitation, any interaction with Instructors or users via the services or otherwise. You understand that Sulekha makes no representations or warranties as to the conduct of Instructors, users or other users of the site or services or their compatibility with any current or future users or users of the site or services. You agree to take reasonable precautions in all communications and interactions with other users of the site and services and with other persons with whom you communicate or interact as a result of your use of the site or services.
12.	CONTENT
Instructor shall be responsible for planning each lesson and ensuring you have obtained any relevant materials (worksheets, books, instruments, etc.) beforehand. Lessons each week must cover the topics highlighted in the syllabus provided for each Key Stage. All Instructors are encouraged to make the lessons as interactive as possible. This can be through the use of presentations, group work and general discussions focusing on certain aspects of the students' work or task.
Both Instructor and User shall retain ownership of data submitted in the platform. User Generated Content ("UGC") refers to the content added by users as opposed to content created by the Site. All content uploaded to Sulekha eLearn by our users (Instructors and Students) is User Generated Content. Sulekha eLearn will have rights to the use of UGC content for marketing and syndication purposes. Sulekha eLearn does not check user uploaded/created content for appropriateness, violations of copyright, trademarks, other rights or violations. We invite everyone to report violations together with proof of ownership as appropriate. Reported violating content will be removed or disabled within a period of 14 days after investigation. Any content jointly produced by both Sulekha and the Instructor will be usable by either party subject to reasonable commercial terms agreed in writing.
Furthermore, Sulekha eLearn is not responsible for the content, quality or the level of service provided by the Instructor. We provide no warranty with respect to the classes/lessons, their delivery, any communications between Students and Instructor, and book materials shared in the classes.
13.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the site, services and collective content remains with you. To the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Sulekha nor any other person or entity involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site, services or collective content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with these Instructor terms of service or from the use of or inability to use the site, services or collective content, or from any communications, interactions or meetings with Instructors, users or other users of the site or services or other persons with whom you communicate or interact as a result of your use of the site or services whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not Sulekha has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will Sulekha's aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these Instructor terms of service or from the use of or inability to use the site, services or collective content exceed the Instructor payment amounts Sulekha has paid to you in connection with your provision of lesson services via the site and services or Rupees one thousand only (INR 1000) (whichever is greater). The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between Sulekha and you.
The limitations set forth in this section will not limit or exclude Sulekha's liability for Sulekha's gross negligence, fraud or intentional, willful, malicious or reckless misconduct.
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE, INFRINGEMENT OF RIGHTS, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABLE OF SULEKHA FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES SHALL BE INR 1000/- (RUPEES ONE THOUSAND ONLY).
14.	USE OF SULEKHA'S NAME.
Instructor may not use Sulekha's name and/or logo in any manner other than as identified in this clause without first obtaining written permission from Sulekha. Any other use of Sulekha's name, including use of Sulekha's logo or discussion of the work performed by Instructor for Sulekha, is not authorized.
15.	CONFIDENTIALITY
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this service order, neither party may disclose confidential information of the other to a third party as may be required by law, statute, rule or regulation, including any subpoena or other similar form of process until the party to which the request is made provides the other Party with prompt written notice and allows the other party to seek a restraining order or other appropriate relief.
16.	INDEMNIFICATION
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Instructor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Sulekha, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all claims, suits, damages and losses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Site, Services or Collective Content, your provision of any Lesson Services, or your violation of these Instructor Terms of Service or any other policies applicable to use of the Services. The obligations set out herein shall survive the expiration or termination of this agreement.
Instructor agrees, if asked by Sulekha, to defend Sulekha against all claims, suits, actions, or proceedings involving intellectual property infringement in which Sulekha is named a defendant or co-defendant, including but not limited to, actual or alleged infringement of any domestic or foreign patent, trademark, copyright, or trade secret, resulting from its use of Sulekha eLearn platform. Instructor also agrees to pay for any costs of such defense, including legal fees; and further agrees to pay and discharge any judgments, awards or decrees which may be rendered in any such suit, action, or proceeding against Sulekha for such alleged infringement. If Sulekha is prevented from using services provided hereunder, Sulekha shall be entitled to appoint other third parties for providing the aforementioned services at Instructor cost.
After receipt by a party, its officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates entitled to indemnification ("indemnified party") of notice of the commencement of any action, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the other party ("indemnifying party"), the indemnified party shall promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof as soon as practicable after the summons or other first written notification giving information of the nature of the claim has been served upon the indemnified party; provided that the failure to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from any liability under this section, except to the extent that the omission results in a failure of actual notice to the indemnifying party and such indemnifying party is damaged solely as a result of the failure to give such notice. The indemnifying party, upon the request of the indemnified party, shall retain counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party in the proceeding, and shall pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of such counsel related to such proceeding. In any such proceeding, any indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel or (2) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. The indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment.
17.	NOTICE
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, delivered to the office address of parties as provided at the time of registration, and shall be deemed to have been duly given:
if sent via or electronic mail, then upon the date and time of actual receipt
if sent via registered post, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, then upon the date and time return receipt delivery is attempted by the Indian Postal Service
if delivered by courier for hand-delivery, then upon the date and time of actual delivery
Notices to Sulekha: The Grievance Officer,
Sulekha.com New Media Pvt Ltd,
# 484 & 485, Fourth Floor, Pantheon Plaza,
Pantheon Road, Egmore, Chennai,
Tamil Nadu, India 600 008
Email:nodal@sulekha.net
18.	NON DISPARAGEMENT
Instructor agrees that, while using the platform or at any time thereafter, you shall not make any public statement that is materially disparaging of the business of the Company or its affiliates, or to the business reputation of any of the executive officers of the Company or its affiliates or any of the employees of Company or its affiliates who are known to you to be employees of Company or its affiliates at the time of any such public statement. Instructor and User agrees not to criticize, disparage or otherwise demean in any way the other or Company's affiliates or their respective products, services, technologies, officers, directors or employees. Your obligations under this Section shall not apply to disclosures required by applicable law, regulation, or order of a court or governmental agency.
19.	INTEGRITY
Instructor agrees to adhere to the highest standards of ethical competence and integrity in the performance of this agreement, having due regard for the nature and purposes of Sulekha as an international organization, and to ensure that employees assigned to perform any Contract Work will conduct themselves in a manner consistent therewith.
Instructor represents and warrants that it is in compliance with and shall continue to comply with, all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and lawful orders of public authorities of any jurisdiction in which work shall be performed under this agreement.
Instructor and Instructor's employees, Subcontractors and Subcontractor's employees shall, during the term of the agreement, strictly avoid any activities that may create real or apparent conflicts of interest with their duties to Sulekha under this agreement.
Instructor warrants that no official of Sulekha Group has received or will be offered by Instructor any direct or indirect gifts, favors or benefit arising from this agreement or the award thereof.
Instructors agree to be on the eLearn platform for a period of at least two years, offering a minimum of 14 hours per week of training, except in case of health or any other special circumstances. In case of breach of this term Sulekha at its discretion shall be entitled to claim the business loss and other loss from the Tutor.
Instructor agrees that, within 30 days of having reasonable grounds to believe that Instructor, Instructor's employees, Subcontractors or Subcontractors' employees have:
Violated any applicable laws, ordinances, rules,regulations, and lawful orders of public authorities in performing this agreement
Violated terms of this agreement
Engaged in conduct that would lead to suspension, debarment or a finding of ineligibility
Used funds paid by Sulekha to Instructor for finance unlawful activity
An actual, potential or apparent conflict of interest, Instructor will disclose in writing, by providing written notice to Sulekha's legal department (legal@sulekha.net), of such violations, conduct, prohibited use of funds, or conflicts of interest.
Instructor agrees that a breach of this provision is a material breach of an essential term of this agreement.
20.	COMMERCIALS
The Instructor shall be able to login to his / her dashboard using the mobile number as provided in Sulekha technology platform by paying a subscription fee.
Under the engagement, the User is required to pay the total booking amount at the time of making the booking inorder to enroll for the classes conducted by to the Instructor.
Instructor agrees to comply with the "satisfaction guarantee" clause offered by eLearn to the students wherein 100% of the money paid by the student is refunded within 7 days after payment and pro-rata amount is refunded subsequent to the first 7 days. Instructor agrees to return the unused pro-rata amount to be refunded to the student if requested by the student.
Payments due to the Instructor will be made once a week to the bank account of the Instructor as provided at the time of registration. The amount would be credited within 10 business days from the date of receipt of the student after the period of "satisfaction guarantee" is completed.
Instructor shall set the pricing for each courses listed by him/her/them in the platform. Any applicable service fees (including any applicable Taxes) will be displayed to a user prior to booking a class. Sulekha reserves the right to change the service fees at any time.
Sulekha reserves the right to change the rates & payment terms hereinabove at any given point in time with seven days notice. Sulekha shall notify such change in the rates & payment terms to the Instructor from time to time through its technology platform.
Sulekha shall deduct T.D.S and other taxes, as applicable, from the amount paid to the Instructor for the above purpose.
The Instructors availing promotional services of Sulekha will be charged for any marketing activity performed by Sulekha, according to the campaign for discounted pricing/offers and Instructor will be paid on actuals after adjustments (+/-).
Each Instructor collecting payment for services provided via the platform hereby appoints Sulekha as the Instructor's payment collection agent solely for the limited purpose of accepting funds from users purchasing such services.
Each Instructor agrees that payment made by a User through Sulekha's Platform, shall be considered the same as a payment made directly to the Instructor, and the Instructor will provide the purchased services to the User in the agreed-upon manner as if the Instructor has received the payment directly from the User. Each Instructor understands that Sulekha' obligation to pay the Instructor is subject to and conditional upon successful receipt of the associated payments from Users. Sulekha guarantees payments to Instructors only for such amounts that have been successfully received by Sulekha from Users in accordance with these Payments Terms. In accepting appointment as the limited payment collection agent of the Instructor, Sulekha assumes no liability for any acts or omissions of the Instructor.
Each User acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the fact that Sulekha is not a party to the agreement between you and the Instructor, Sulekha acts as the Instructor's payment collection agent for the limited purpose of accepting payments from User on behalf of the Instructor. Upon User's payment of the funds to Sulekha, Users payment obligation to the Instructor for the agreed upon amount is extinguished, and Sulekha is responsible for remitting the funds to the Instructor in the manner described in these Terms, which constitute Sulekha' agreement with the Instructor. In the event that Sulekha does not remit any such amounts, the Instructor will have recourse only against Sulekha and not the User directly.
21. MONEY BACK SCHEME
This applies only to users [who are end service consumers of eLearn] who have paid for a course in our eLearn platform. Sulekha offers all users a money back guarantee feature on the platform where at any point within 7 days after payment of a course if a user determines he/she wants to withdraw from a course due to various reasons, the user is free to do so and the amount he/she paid to Sulekha will be refunded fully back to him/her within 7 working days. However if user wishes to submit the request for refund after 7 days, Sulekha will process the amount back to the user after deducting the proportionate amount towards the classes attended till the date of request along with other applicable charges.
Conditions needed to qualify for the money back guarantee to apply:
The user must have paid the entire payment of the course through Sulekha eLearn platform or site.
The user must submit request for refund within 7 days from the date of payment.
22.	COMMISSION AND OTHER FEE
The following is the commissions and fees charged by eLearn from Instructors until further notice:
Sulekha will charge 0% commission on payments received from Students who are enrolled by the Instructor.
Sulekha will charge 18.5% commission for Students enrolled by eLearn for the Instructor
23.	REFUNDS & SUPPORT
Sulekha eLearn encourages parties (Instructor and Student) are encouraged to resolve disputes amongst themselves. Sulekha eLearn may process refunds to Students as per the Refunds policy that is existent at that time.
In case of refund request under money back scheme as defined under clause 21, instructor agrees that Sulekha shall be entitled to deduct such amount from the settlement being processed to instructor during this period and process the balance amount towards settlement. Instructor agrees and authorizes Sulekha E Learn to appropriate the amount from future account balance amounts to the extent of the refund claimed under moneyback scheme and any other moneys due to the Sulekha E Learn by instructor in terms
of this Agreement in respect of any commissions or other charges without any demur, protest, dispute or delay. If there is insufficient funds available therein; the Instructor shall on finding out negative balance in his dashboard and/or on receipt of the e-mail from the Sulekha E learn and/ or claim from the Sulekha E Learn undertakes
forthwith without any demur, protest, dispute or delay, to pay to the Sulekha E Learn, the amount of the dispute / refund to the extent to which such funds proves inadequate. Without prejudice to any other of rights and remedies, in the event that the instructor does
not
make
any
payment
to
Sulekha E Learn by its due date or on demand as required under this Agreement, Sulekha E Learn shall be entitled to charge daily interest on such overdue amount from the due date of demand (as
the case may be) until the date of payment in full, at the rate of 1 % per month.
Any default, chargeback, refund, claim observed or received from Student under clause 21 shall be the responsibility of the instructor. The instructor here by indemnifies Sulekha ELearn for any/all claims , demands and charges arising out of or in relation to clause 21 of this agreement.
In case of support request, parties are requested to drop in an email to:Email:care@sulekha.com
24.	SETTLEMENT
Instructor agrees and accepts that Sulekha shall be required to process settlement of the amounts collected from the user towards service to its registered bank account on a weekly basis after deduction of applicable charges and in proportion to classes conducted in the week. Instructor agrees and accepts that the settlements processed by Sulekha shall be credited to it registered bank account within 10 (ten) bank working days.
25.	ASSIGNMENT
Instructor shall not assign this agreement or any monies due or to become due to it hereunder, without the prior written consent by Sulekha. Sulekha may, at its sole option and without the consent of Instructor, assign this agreement and any Contract Work acquired hereunder to any member of Sulekha Group.
26.	DISPUTES
Any dispute or difference arising out of, or in connection with, this agreement or the breach thereof which cannot be amicably settled between the Parties (including through alternative dispute resolution procedures as may be agreed to by the Parties) shall be arbitrated in accordance with the Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 or any statutory enactment or re-enactment in force. The seat of the arbitration shall be Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. A Sole arbitrator appointed by Sulekha shall conduct the arbitration proceedings, whose reward shall be final. The language of the arbitration shall be English. Outside India, the Parties agree to go through Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) procedures, arbitrated in accordance with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules as at present in force.
Any resulting arbitral decision shall be final and binding on both parties. Judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Such judgment shall be in lieu of any other remedy. Pending final resolution of any claim, dispute or action arising under or related to this agreement, Instructor shall, if requested by Sulekha, proceed diligently with the performance of this agreement.
In case of any dispute, loss, claims or suits between Instructor and user for any transactions emanating out of Sulekha's technological platform, both parties agree that Sulekha shall not be held liable. The Instructor shall indemnify Sulekha and hold Sulekha harmless from any/all third party claims arising out of or in relation to the engagement.
Both parties agree that any /all disputes arising out of this engagement shall fall under exclusive jurisdiction of courts of Chennai and subordinate courts thereto.
27.	TERMINATION FOR CONVENIENCE
Sulekha may terminate the agreement in whole or in part at any time if Sulekha determines, in its sole and absolute discretion that a termination is in its best interests. Instructor shall not be allowed, and expressly waives, payment for profit on deliverables which was not performed as of the effective termination date.
28.	TERMINATION FOR DEFAULT
If Instructor fails to deliver the services required by this agreement within the time period(s) specified or in the manner required by this agreement, and or if the services do not conform, in all respects, to the requirements of this agreement, or Instructor becomes insolvent or unable to meet its payment obligations when due, or breaches any representations or warranties made under this agreement, Sulekha shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the agreement for default and Sulekha shall have the right to do so without giving Instructor an opportunity to cure.
29.	FORCE MAJEURE
The failure of a Party to fulfill any of its obligations hereunder shall not be considered to be a breach of or default under, this agreement insofar as such liability arises from an event of Force Majeure, provided that the Party affected by such an event takes all reasonable precautions, due care and reasonable alternative measures, all with the objective of carrying out the terms and conditions of this agreement. For purposes of this clause, the term "Force Majeure" means an event which is beyond the reasonable control of a Party, and which makes a Party's performance of its obligations hereunder impossible or so impractical as reasonably to be considered impossible in the circumstances, and includes, but is not limited to, war, riots, civil disorder, earthquake, fire, explosion, storm, flood, epidemic/ pandemic or other adverse weather conditions, strikes, lockouts, or other industrial action (except where such strikes, lockouts or other industrial actions are within the power of the Party invoking Force Majeure to prevent), confiscation, lockdown or any other action by government or any other authorities, Telephony lines down, internet blackout or any other external circumstances beyond reasonable control of both parties.
If Sulekha is excused and/ or is unable to perform its obligations due to a Force Majeure Event where a major function of the platform is non-operational for a continuous period in excess of fifteen (15) days, then Sulekha may terminate this Agreement immediately by submitting written notice without penalty or liability. Termination under this Section shall not represent a Breach by either party.
Force Majeure shall not be deemed to include: (a) any event which is caused by the negligence or intentional action of a Party or such Party's consultants, agents or employees; (b) any event which a diligent Party could reasonably have been expected to both: (i) take into account at the time this agreement was entered into; and (ii) avoid or overcome in the carrying out of its obligations hereunder; or (c) the inability to make any payment required under this agreement.
30.	FLOW-DOWN OBLIGATIONS
Instructor agrees that the obligations of Instructor under this agreement, as applicable, shall be specifically incorporated into all Subcontracts or agreement by Instructor with any contractor, Instructor, supplier, consultant, or other entity or person to perform the services.
31.	SEVERABILITY
Any provision of this agreement prohibited by the laws of any jurisdiction shall be, as to such jurisdiction, ineffective to the extent of such prohibition, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this agreement. No waiver or failure to exercise any option, right or privilege under the terms of this Agreement by either of the parties hereto on any occasion or occasions shall be construed to be a waiver of the same on any other occasion or of any other option, right or privilege.
32.	INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR
Instructor shall at all times during the term of this Agreement, be acting and performing hereunder as an independent contractor. Instructor shall perform all services required hereunder in good faith and to the best of its abilities, relying on its experience, knowledge, judgment, and techniques. In return for the substantial investment Sulekha eLearn is making in creating and promoting Instructor profile and courses and in setting up the Instructor to teach through the platform and receive payments, Instructor agrees to teach exclusively on Sulekha eLearn for a period of 24 months from the date of registration and undertakes to not provide any tutor/education services through any other competing platform except with the prior written permission of Sulekha eLearn.
Instructor acknowledges that a violation of above clause would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Company for which money damages would be inadequate. Therefore, the Company will be entitled to injunctive relief for Instructor's breach of any of its obligations under the above article without proof of actual damages. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for such violation, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity.
33.	RIGHT TO MODIFY
Sulekha reserves the right to issue written changes to this agreement. No modification of this agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of Sulekha. Instructor shall not change any aspect of this agreement without Sulekha's prior written consent.
Introduction
Scope of service
Registration
Accessing & Transmitting the platform's content
Contributing content to this platform
Using this platform's services
Responsibility of platform visitors
Using Sulekha's local service need fulfilment platform
Payment
Using Sulekha.com's travel quotes services
Sulekha score
Self serve portal
Failure or delay in services by the service provider
Indemnification
Code of conduct for business / users
Severability
Events
Disclaimer of warranties & indemnities
Limitation of liability
Void where prohibited
Termination
Additional notices
Contact details submitted on forms
UVN
General release
Passwords
Compliance with laws
Others information
Ownership of data
Rights to terminate
Relationship
False information
Free look period
Refunds
Cancellation
Refund of transaction payment - Service provider
Applicable law and dispute resolution
USER Declaration  Advocates and Lawyer service
Rewards and Points system for Users
Booking Model
Pro Manage
Sulekha Elearn