http://www.preventchildabusenc.org/about-us/privacy/
FY 19-20 Annual Report
Donate
Newsletter Signup
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
About Us
Vision, Mission, & Guiding Principles
Staff
Board Leaders
Financials
Careers
Privacy
Contact
Our Work
Our Approach
Community Capacity
Prevention Programs
Community Prevention Action Plans
Public Awareness
Connections Matter NC
Education & Advocacy
Policy
Policy Action Center
Get Involved
Donate
Raise Awareness
Public Awareness Tools
Recognize Child Abuse Prevention Month
Kids First License Plates
Attend an Event
Join the Prevention Action Network
Resources
About Child Maltreatment
ACE Study
About Child Sexual Abuse
Cost of Child Abuse & Neglect
Recognizing & Reporting Child Maltreatment
Effects of Harsh Physical Punishment
Impact of Child Abuse & Neglect
Child Maltreatment Statistics
About Prevention
Protective Factors
Essentials for Childhood
NC’s Safe Surrender Law
Fatherhood
Our Response to COVID-19
Select Page
Privacy
Protect your privacy
Prevent Child Abuse North Carolina (PCANC) understands that privacy is important. PCANC is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and any confidential or personally identifiable information that you provide to us as you access and use the materials on preventchildabusenc.org (Site) including the subscription, donation, and login pages of the Site. PCANC operates this Site. The following Privacy Policy outlines the breadth of PCANC’s commitment to privacy and is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information that you provide us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using the Site. Please note that PCANC, in its discretion, may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes to our policy will be reflected on this page so that you remain informed about the information we collect and how we use it. By exploring and using this Site, and by submitting information as you use this Site, you agree to PCANC’s use of such information as described herein. Please read this policy carefully.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Donor Policy
Prevent Child Abuse North Carolina will not trade, share or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send a donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. However, the information you enter when making an online donation may need to be shared with payment processors, financial gateways, your credit card company, and/or other third parties, but only for the purpose of authorizing the credit card payment or otherwise completing the requested transaction.
External Links
This Site may contain links to external sites. These sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. PCANC does not take responsibility for the privacy practices of any third party sites to which we link. You acknowledge and agree that PCANC is not responsible or liable for (a) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources, or (b) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by us of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You agree to review the privacy policy of any third-party website or resource before using it, and you accept sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
Personally Identifiable Information
The nature of our services may require that we request personally identifiable information from you (such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card number, e-mail address, and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you) in connection with your use of, or participation in, online donations, workshop registrations, newsletter sign-ups, volunteering and requests for additional information (including via email to us), and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on this Site. In all of these cases, all information is collected voluntarily. Gathering this information allows us to serve you and the community better. We use this information for our business purposes and reserve the right to share this information with third parties. Except as otherwise provided in this policy, we will never intentionally disclose any personally identifiable information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission.
We may also use personally identifiable information from non-donor related sections of the website for internal or external fundraising or informational purposes. Please note, however, that under certain circumstances, if you initially do not choose to share contat information to sign up for workshops, newsletters or other programs, or if you later “opt-out,” you may not be eligible for certain outreach efforts from us for which a name, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information is needed.
We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order or in compliance with the Patriot Act. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of this Site, or a physical or property threat to you or others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information (browser types, technical information, operating systems used to access the site, ISP, user visits) through the use of:
“Cookie” technology: A “cookie” is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. We do not collect any personally identifiable information through cookies.
“IP address tracking”: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from this Site, our servers log your IP address.
“Web beacons”: A Web beacon, or “clear gif”, is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a web site can use to determine information about a user.
Our systems may also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on this Site and about the links you may select from within this Site to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.
We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners, suppliers and other third parties, but we will not share any individual names, personal navigational or other personal information.
Further, we may contract with a third party web analytics provider to help manage and optimize preventchildabusenc.org. We use this service to help us research how visitors use this Site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookie technology on this Site. The type of information we collect includes the number of hits a web page receives, type of browser used, and number of times a visitor makes a donation. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors. Although this third-party provider logs the information coming from this Site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. We collect summary and statistical information about the numbers of individuals who visit our web site and what those individuals view. This information is NOT shared with anyone beyond the support staff to this web site except when required by Law Enforcement investigation.
Protection of Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, PCANC has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no security system is perfect, and PCANC cannot guarantee that information you provide to PCANC over the Internet will remain private. PCANC also cannot guarantee that information you transmit to us over the Internet will not be intercepted.
Children Under the Age of 18
We realize that some members of our audience are under the age of 18 and may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Website from visitors in this age group and will take prompt steps to delete any such personally identifiable information.
Email
Any electronic newsletters or mass email sent by PCANC will provide recipients with the opportunity to opt-out of future automated communications. It is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request.
Acceptance Terms
You signify your acceptance of Prevent Child Abuse North Carolina’s Privacy Policy through your participation and continued use/visitation of this website. If you have any concerns regarding the policy, please discontinue use of this site.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Your personal information and privacy is important to us. Please note that we will take whatever measures necessary to protect your privacy by keeping appropriate security measures on our database, exercising best practices with the transmission of your information (unless sent by a means outside of our control, such as e-mail).
Please also note that any reference herein to any specific commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Prevent Child Abuse North Carolina.
Your Suggestions
PCANC welcomes your comments and suggestions about the Website, but PCANC asks that you do not send us any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials, or other information relating to developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, providing, or marketing any of our products or services or any new products or services. With this in mind, if you choose to send to PCANC via the Website any such information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, product or service ideas, know-how, or suggestions (collectively, “Your Suggestions”), you agree that PCANC will own Your Suggestions, and by submitting Your Suggestions to us via the Website, you assign to PCANC all worldwide rights, title, and interest in and to Your Suggestions. PCANC will not have any obligation to keep Your Suggestions confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute Your Suggestions to others without limitation or liability. PCANC may use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques in Your Suggestions for any purpose whatsoever, including developing and marketing products or services that incorporate or otherwise embody Your Suggestions, without providing any notice, compensation, or attribution to you.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, requests, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, please email us at info@preventchildabusenc.org.
Connections MatterConnections Matter promotes the building of more resilient, compassionate, and trauma-informed communities – what’s your connection?
Learn More
Donate Now!Your gift helps all of North Carolina’s children have the opportunity to grow up in safe, stable, nurturing homes and communities!
Learn More
Newsletter Signup
Sign up to receive updates on our upcoming events and latest news.