http://www.strathcona77.org/info/privacystatement
search engine by
freefind
Privacy Statement
www.strathcona77.org
October 9, 2007
Strathcona Lodge No. 77 respects the privacy of each individual, both member and non-member, and we feel you should know how we use the information you provide to us.
Public website: When you visit Strathcona77.org, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, and the date and time of your request that may uniquely identify your browser. We use these logs to help us manage and improve the site.
We do not use cookies or Java applets. Images, JavaScript and Cascading Style Sheets are used to beautify and enhance, but are not necessary to use the site.
Members' Area: Available only to members of Strathcona Lodge, access to the members' area is tracked and logged.
Email to Us: If you send us email, we will use your name and email address only to respond to the concerns you write to us about. Your email may be shared with appropriate people within our fraternity to help us answer your questions.
Internet links: Users should be aware there are links to other websites from Strathcona Lodge webpages. These links are provided for your convenience. Other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or ask for personal information. This privacy statement applies only to the Strathcona Lodge website, as external Internet links are beyond our control.
We will disclose personal information when acting in good faith and believe that such action is necessary to:
fulfil a legal requirement,
protect and defend the rights and property of Strathcona Lodge,
enforce Masonic laws,
protect the interest of our members or others.
Strathcona Lodge is committed to maintaining any personal information in a secure manner and will take all reasonable precautions to prevent its loss, misuse or alteration.
Page created/last updated: 2014-12-24
Our Lodge:
Calendar
Common Questions
History
Archives
Edmonton/District:
Lodge Meetings
Lodge Installations
Youth
Student Bursaries
DeMolay
Job's Daughters
Information
GL Annual Comm
Spring Workshop
Masonic Foundation
What is Masonry?
Masonry circa 1880
Privacy Statement | Contact Us | About This Site
© Copyright 2001-2020 Strathcona Lodge No. 77 A.F. & A.M. G.R.A.