http://www.iconcmo.com/privacy.html
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarPrivacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information going forward, not retroactive. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only.
Collection of Information
Icon Systems collects personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors/clients. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give permission to use in another manner. For example, to add you to one of our mailing lists. The privacy policy is an agreement between the Client and Icon Systems (Service Provider).
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes. Icon Systems does not sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information about you to third parties, except as noted below. We will not disclose any collected information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Icon Systems may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the informationWe need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Icon Systems to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary or appropriate, in our judgment, to assist us in providing your product or serviceWe respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processesWe need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requestedWe find that your actions using the Software violate the Icon Systems Terms of Use or any of our usage guidelines for specific services
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
support@iconcmo.com
1-218-236-1899
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time.
Primary Sidebar