http://www.catholicbooksandgifts.com/privacy-policy.html
Introduction
Catholic Books & Gifts respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at Catholic Books & Gifts’ Web site.
Part I. Information Collection
Catholic Books & Gifts collects information through our Web site at several points.
We collect general data that is not personally identifiable information. We collect demographic data in order to learn more about our customers' preferences.
We collect this information through registration forms, clickstream tracking, automatic logging files, and so on.
We do not employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Catholic Books & Gifts to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users.
Part II. Information Usage
The information collected by Catholic Books & Gifts will be used for market research. Users who provide information will only receive email announcements or advertisement.
The information we collect will not be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We will not supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources such as credit history to authorize purchases.
We offer links to other Web sites. Please note: When you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours.
Our Web site may offer chat, forum or message boards. Please be advised that information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge.
If our policy on information collection or uses changes, will advise you by updating our Privacy Policy and e-mailing the new modifications to everyone who has opted-in to receiving communications.
Part III. Access to Information
Catholic Books & Gifts maintains the accuracy of our information to the best of our ability. Users may delete their information from our database by e-mailing us with a request.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Catholic Books & Gifts by any method found on our Contact Us page. We are committed to resolving disputes within a reasonable amount of time.
Part V. Data Storage and Security
Catholic Books & Gifts protects user information with standard security measures and procedures used to protect consumer privacy.
Catholic Books & Gifts © 2009 Privacy Policy
Site designed and maintained by AMS design.