http://www.fundraisinghq.com/privacy.html
Fundraising HQ
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
FundraisingHQ respects your privacy. When you use our Web site, we will collect certain information in order to maintain an optimum online experience. This document describes the information we collect, how it is collected and how we may use such information. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION:When you request information using our Web site we will ask you to provide certain information about yourself. This may include your name, address, email address, telephone number. This information is necessary for us in order to respond to you.
It is not possible to contact us without providing this information. When you visit our Web site, we will automatically also collect non-identifying information regarding your use. Currently, this is done using cookie technology. This helps us to ensure our web site is properly working.USE AND DISCLOSURE INFORMATION: We use the information we collect to provide you with services. We may use this information to improve our marketing, analyze site usage and to enhance our online content and layout. We do not share information with third parties unless required to by law. By using our Web site, and providing us with information, you are consenting to our collection and the above uses of your information.NOTICE OF CHANGE:We may modify or change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page, This Privacy Policy will be effective as of May 15, 2006.COPYRIGHT NOTICE© 2004 - 2007 FundraisingHQ LLC All rights reserved. All materials contained on this Web site, including text, graphics, images, logos, software and other content, are the property of FundraisingHQ LLC. The content of the Web site may be used only for your personal, non-commercial purposes. Copying or storing of any content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from FundraisingHQ LLC.
Enjoy!
Fundraising Products
Fundraising Ideas
Newsletter Articles
Helpful Resources
Contact Us
©
2004-2012 FundraisingHQ.com All rights reserved. Privacy Policy/Disclaimer