http://www.majorlegalservices.com/privacy-policy/
Legal Search Consultants
Get confidential and comprehensive advice quickly for your hiring solutions or next career move from our legal industry experts.
For Job Seekers
For Employers
About ASG Legal
Whether you’re seeking a new position or more efficient hiring solutions, we focus on what matters most to you in order to provide the insight and perspective needed to make the best-informed decision. We work hard to earn your trust and confidence by getting to know your needs and goals and then align our processes to help you get where you want to go. We work proactively with the hiring partners, general counsel, and legal administrators of large and midsize firms, corporations, non-profits, and governmental entities to identify the qualities, skills, and business objectives most important to their organizations.
Direct Hire
Corporations
General Counsel/Director of Legal Affairs
In-House Counsel
Contracts Manager
Compliance Officer
Paralegal/Legal Secretary
Direct Hire
Law Firms
Partner
Associate
Of Counsel
Temporary Staffing
Experienced Contract Attorneys
eDiscovery/Document Review Attorneys
Attorneys for Interim/Flexible
Staffing Assignments
Contact Deborah
(216) 503-7220
deborah@alliancesolutionsgrp.com
Deborah Peters
Practice Leader, ASG Legal
Deborah started at ASG Legal in 1994, soon after graduating from CWRU School of Law and passing the Ohio Bar exam. She did not necessarily think she would make a career in the Legal Search Consultant business. In fact, specializing exclusively in the temporary and direct hire placement of attorneys, paralegals, legal assistants, and other legal support professionals was a brand new concept in Northeast Ohio at that time.
More than 20 years later, Deborah truly has found her calling in this industry. Most attorneys realize that the practice of law is about serving the public through the analysis and interpretation of the law. Deborah also feels rewarded and excited about the daily opportunity to serve the legal community both by assisting candidates to identify the next steps in their career path and by helping our law firm and in-house counsel clients identify the talent best suited to their own unique culture and needs.
For Job SeekersASG Legal is the premier legal search consultant company in the Midwest, and we are expanding the scope of our talent acquisition services nationally. Our legal staffing agency specializes in partnering with law firms, corporate legal departments, and non-profit or government legal entities to recruit and place the best attorney, paralegal, and legal support staff.
We can make introductions to firms that are also looking to increase the size of their legal footprint through acquisition or merger opportunities or partner-level lateral hires. Our mission at ASG Legal is to help candidates and legal organizations unlock unrealized potential and compete effectively in the changing legal marketplace.
START YOUR SEARCH
Why Work With Us?
We provide a consultative approach to identify our clients’ business objectives and requirements, and we maintain a state-of-the-art database of active and passive candidates. We connect with our candidates through a variety of confidential pre-screening efforts including in-person and video conference interviews to ensure our candidates are qualified and committed before we submit names and/or resumes to our clients.
Competitive Pay & BenefitsReceive industry-competitive pay rates, health insurance coverage, and more.
Generous Referral BenefitsTry us out, and if you enjoy your experience, refer us to your friends and colleagues.
REFERRAL PROGRAM Annual Retention & Contract BenefitsTake advantage of annual bonuses, contract completion, attendance bonuses, and more.
For EmployersOur specialized team of legal professionals has worked in private law practice serving Fortune 500 and mid-size companies, non-profit organizations, and governmental entities, as well as handling recruiting and hiring for major national law firms. This means that we understand the demands and requirements of the positions we fill, as well as the challenges and time commitment of the hiring partners, general counsel, and legal administrators tasked with attracting and retaining top talent.
Our team has developed a decades-long reputation for identifying and attracting high-quality candidates fast via our proprietary database and a robust network of professional relationships regionally and nationally.
Find the Right Talent, Right Now
Whether you’re looking to unlock your potential or fill an open position, our team can lead you in the right direction.
Name*
First
Last
Organization (If applicable)Email*
PhoneReason for contacting us?*Select...I am looking for work.I am an employer looking to hire.I have a different inquiry.Details*CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Quality and IntegrityWe find the right people who will make the best fit for our clients and our customers.
Relationship DrivenWe build strategic partnerships within our marketplace between our team and our clients.
Specialized ExpertiseOur specialized staffing solutions allow us to find the right prospects in your industry.
Speed When You Need ItA deep talent pool and hiring experts let us find the people you need as soon as possible.
We Understand Your NicheWith eight specialized staffing companies, we have experience in many niche markets — allowing us to find better talent for you.
Search Jobs
Request Talent
Practice Areas
Contact Us
(866) 939-0100
CONTACT US
© Copyright 2020 Alliance Solutions Group. All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. The cookies law requires us to let you know that we use cookies for personalization, website traffic analysis, 3rd party tracking, and website functionality. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.I AcceptNo, Thanks