http://www.insureagainstterrorism.org/ciat-privacy-policy/
CIAT Privacy Policy
March 2019
The Coalition to Insure Against Terrorism (CIAT) is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our community. This policy describes the analytic data that CIAT collects and how it is used. Although this site does not collect personal data, this policy also describes options available to you to request removal of any personal data that you choose to provide us.
Data Collection
Unless you choose to provide such information, CIAT does not collect or maintain personal information about you when you visit our site. If you send us an e-mail message or complete our web-based contact form and include containing personal information, we collect and store the personal information which you choose to provide. If you choose to provide any personal information, such as your e-mail address, mailing address or phone number, we may use that information to contact you.
Analytic and Performance Cookies
They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use our cookies, which may also compile aggregate reports containing anonymized statistical information. This information is stored on Google’s servers and is used by CIAT for comparative purposes.
External Links
Our site may contain links to other Internet web sites, and CIAT is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You have the right to request correction or removal of any personal data that you voluntarily provide. To do so, please send an email with your request to info@insureagainstterrorism.org.
Recent TestimonialsCongress passed TRIA to ensure that terrorism risk insurance coverage would remain available and affordable, and since that time, the…
Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-CA), Chairwoman of the House Financial Services Committee
The Terrorism Risk Insurance Program is critical to keeping our economy healthy.
Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH)
June 18, 2019“Should TRIPRA expire without a replacement, insurers with the ability to do so will likely deploy terrorism capacity only for…
2019 Terrorism Risk Insurance Report
May 24, 2019Recent Posts
Treasury’s June 30 Report on TRIA Favorably Cites CIAT’s Comment Letter
CIAT Files Comments on the Effectiveness of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
GAO Terrorism Report: State of Terrorism Risk Insurance and Update on Treasury’s Program Processes
GAO Terrorism Report: Program Changes Have Reduced Federal Fiscal Exposure
President Trump Signs Legislation to Reauthorize TRIA Through 2027
LocationCoalition to Insure Against Terrorism1875 I Street NWSuite 500Washington, D.C. 20006(202) 739 9454PagesHome
Who We Are
What Others Are Saying
FAQs
News Room
Contact Us
Cookie Policy