http://www.mcguirewoods.com/legal-notices
Legal Notices
Last Updated: February 7, 2020
Important: read before proceeding.
The following notices refer to McGuireWoods LLP and McGuireWoods London LLP
collectively as “McGuireWoods.” These notices, along with our Privacy
Statement and Cookies Policy, provide information you need to know
regarding the use of our website and how we collect and process your
personal information. It is your responsibility to familiarize yourself
with them. By using the McGuireWoods LLP website you agree to be bound by
the provisions included in the:
Terms of Use set forth below, which describe the general nature of the
information provided on the McGuireWoods website, set out legal
disclaimers about past results, and disclose information and additional
disclaimers required by certain jurisdictions where we have offices;
Privacy Statement, which describes, among other things, the
personal data we collect, how personal data is collected, how we
protect your personal data, how we use the personal data collected, and
the sharing and transfer of personal data;.
Cookies Policy, which describes our use of Cookies and provides
additional information regarding your control over Cookies; and
Copyright Notice, which applies to the entire website.
If you have questions about our Terms of Use, Privacy Statement, Cookies
Policy or Copyright Notice, please contact us at
info@mcguirewoods.com or write
us at: McGuireWoods LLP, Gateway Plaza, 800 East Canal Street, Richmond, VA
23219-3916; Attention: General Counsel.
Terms of Use
Take special note of the following Terms of Use, particularly the
disclaimers.
By accessing or using this website, you agree to be bound by these
Terms of Use. These Terms of Use affect your legal rights and
obligations. If you do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms of
Use, do not access or use this website.
The McGuireWoods website provides information of general interest to the
public. The website does not offer legal advice about specific situations
or problems. You should consult a McGuireWoods lawyer if you have legal
issues requiring attention. Nothing on this site creates an express or
implied contract. McGuireWoods does not intend to create an attorney-client
relationship by inviting you to contact us. Unless and until we and you
agree that we will represent you, we will not have any duties to you,
including any duty to keep what you send us confidential or any duty to
protect your interests. This means that nothing you send us will be kept
confidential, unless we mutually agree that we will keep it confidential.
Past legal successes described on this website are not indicators of future
results. The outcome of particular legal matters is dependent upon the
facts and law applicable to the matters.
McGuireWoods LLP is a Virginia limited liability partnership and operates
globally as a limited liability partnership with offices in the United
States. The firm also has an affiliate in the United
Kingdom, McGuireWoods London LLP. The personal liability of our partners is
limited to the extent allowed by applicable professional rules, regulations
and statutory law.
Professional rules and regulations in some jurisdictions where the firm has
offices require McGuireWoods LLP to designate a “principal office” as well
as a lawyer responsible for the contents of this website. Solely for the
purpose of these rules, McGuireWoods LLP designates its office at Gateway
Plaza, 800 East Canal Street, Richmond, VA 23219-3916 as its principal
office and its General Counsel as the lawyer responsible for this website.
Additional information certain jurisdictions require McGuireWoods to
disclose is provided below by office.
California –
This website is a communication providing
public information about the availability of McGuireWoods LLP for professional
employment. You may have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy
Act (“CCPA”). For more information, please see our Privacy Statement.
Florida
– Hiring a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely
upon advertisements. Before you make a decision, ask us to send you free
written information about our qualifications and experience.
London
– McGuireWoods London LLP, trading as McGuireWoods, is a limited liability
partnership registered in England & Wales (registered number OC307641).
A list of members and their qualifications is available at McGuireWoods
London LLP's registered office, 11 Pilgrim Street, London EC4V 6RN, or on
our
website.
McGuireWoods London LLP operates in affiliation with McGuireWoods LLP, a
limited liability partnership registered in Virginia, USA, as part of a
closely integrated international legal practice. McGuireWoods London LLP
and McGuireWoods LLP are each separately constituted and separately
regulated legal entities that provide legal and other client services in
accordance with the relevant laws of the jurisdictions in which they
respectively operate.
McGuireWoods London LLP is a “recognised body” as defined in the Solicitors
Code of Conduct 2011, authorized and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation
Authority in the United Kingdom whose professional regulatory requirements
can be accessed
here. The members of McGuireWoods London LLP are solicitors, barristers,
registered European lawyers or registered foreign lawyers authorized to
practice in England & Wales and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation
Authority in the United Kingdom. The firm’s SRA number is 401158.
The word “partner,” used in relation to McGuireWoods London LLP, refers to
a member of McGuireWoods London LLP or an employee or consultant of
McGuireWoods London LLP of equivalent standing.
The Legal Ombudsman is an independent complaints-handling body to which our
clients may refer complaints if we cannot resolve them. Its contact details
are as follows: PO Box 6806, Wolverhampton WV1 9WJ; telephone 0300 555 0333
alternately dialing from outside the United Kingdom; telephone +44 121 245
3050;
enquiries@legalombudsman.org.uk; www.legalombudsman.org.uk
. Clients of the firm are entitled to a copy of the firm’s complaints
procedure on request.
McGuireWoods London LLP maintains compulsory professional indemnity
insurance in a minimum sum of £3 million for each and every claim. Further
details can be obtained from the firm’s London office Compliance Officer
for Legal Practice by calling +44 20 7632 1600. Details of the minimum
terms for the compulsory insurance, including territorial coverage, can be
found at
www.sra.org.uk/solicitors/guidance/indemnity/.
Our London managing partner is Daniel L. Peyton: telephone +44 20 7632
1667; fax +44 20 7632 1638; email
dpeyton@mcguirewoods.com.
11 Pilgrim Street
London EC4V 6RN
United Kingdom
DX 249 London/Chancery Lane
T: +44 20 7632 1600
F: +44 20 7632 1638
London@mcguirewoods.com
VAT number: GB 480 6087 38
New York
– This website includes attorney advertising. Note that prior results do
not guarantee similar outcomes.
None of the lawyers listed on this website are certified as an “expert” or
“specialist” pursuant to any authority governing the practice of law in New
York.
Shanghai
– Shanghai strategic alliance between McGuireWoods LLP and FuJae Partners:
McGuireWoods LLP and FuJae Partners are each separately constituted and
separately regulated legal entities that provide legal and other client
services in accordance with the relevant laws of the jurisdictions in which
they respectively operate. FuJae Partners is a law firm registered with the
Shanghai Justice Bureau in Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China.
Texas
– Lawyers resident in our Texas offices, unless otherwise indicated in a
lawyer’s biographical information, are not certified by the Texas Board of
Legal Specialization.
Privacy, Data Protection and Security
McGuireWoods is committed to protecting your privacy. Our
Privacy Statement describes how we collect, use and safeguard information we obtain from you.
Please read it carefully, as it governs our use of the information you
provide to us and identifies who you can contact at McGuireWoods if you
have questions, requests or concerns related to privacy or data protection
matters.
Transmission Errors or Unauthorized Acts
While we strive to protect your personal information, no data transmission
is 100 percent secure. Because McGuireWoods LLP cannot ensure or warrant
the security of any information you transmit to us or any information
provided online, you do so at your own risk. McGuireWoods LLP will not be
liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in
transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, once we
receive your transmission, we act reasonably to ensure its security on our
systems by making reasonable efforts to protect the information in
accordance with our Privacy Statement.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about our information practices, contact us at
info@mcguirewoods.com or write
us at McGuireWoods LLP, Gateway Plaza, 800 East Canal Street, Richmond, VA
23219-3916; Attention: General Counsel.
Copyright
© 2020 McGuireWoods LLP. All rights reserved. The reproduction or
retransmission of the content of this website is prohibited without the
prior written consent of McGuireWoods LLP.
Back to top
Email Disclaimer
Please note that unsolicited emails and attached information sent to McGuireWoods or a firm attorney via this website do not create an attorney-client relationship. If you are not a McGuireWoods client, do not send us any confidential information. We may not respond to unsolicited emails and do not consider them or attached information confidential. That means we may disclose unsolicited emails and attachments to third parties, and your unsolicited communications will not prevent any lawyer in our firm from representing a party and using the unsolicited communications against you. By clicking "accept" you confirm that you have read and understand this notice.
Accept
Decline