https://www.diannesvegankitchen.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Meet Dianne
Health Coaching
Testimonials
Cooking Classes
Events
Recipes
Healthy Living
Cookbooks
Eating Vegan
The Truly Healthy Vegan Cookbook
Work with Me
Coaching and Classes
Partner with Me
OWNER AND DATA CONTROLLER
Dianne’s Vegan Kitchen (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://www.diannesvegankitchen.com (the “Site”).
Address: 623 Eaglerock Avenue, #252, West Orange, NJ 07052
Contact email: dianne@diannesvegankitchen.com
Data Protection Officer: Dianne Wenz
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Site collects some personal data from its users.
This Privacy Policy informs you of our views, practices and policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data we receive from users of the Site.
By submitting personal data to us, you agree to us using your personal data as follows.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, PURPOSE AND USE
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to name, email address, cookies, usage data, password.
We may use your personal information to
send you our monthly newsletters
send you our bi-weekly new blog posts
manage contacts and send messages
ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
provide you with information, products or services that you request from us which may be of interest to you
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
interact with external social networks and platforms (e.g. social media widgets and share bars)
allow registration and authentication (e.g. affiliate portals and membership areas)
allow access to third party services’ accounts
monitor infrastructure
manage hosting and backend infrastructure
interact with live chat platforms
carry out remarketing and behavioural targeting (including display ads)
display content from external platforms
carry out commercial affiliation (e.g. display ads)
interact with support and feedback platforms
manage user database
In addition to the above, we may collect log data and use cookies.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site.
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyse this data.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information.
We use cookies to save the user’s session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of this Site, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.
We use cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize your browsing experience.
Some of third parties such as for example Google Analytics and Google AdSense collect statistics in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the user or may be managed directly by us without the help of third parties.
These may be used to track users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without our knowledge. Please refer to the privacy policy of the listed services for detailed information.
In addition to what is specified in this privacy policy, the user can manage preferences for cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing cookies.
Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete cookies installed in the past, including the cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of cookies by this Site.
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage cookies in the most commonly used browsers (e.g. Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Internet Explorer) on the website of the browser of choice.
With regard to cookies installed by third parties, users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party’s privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
DATA STORAGE
Your personal data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
LAWFUL BASIS OF PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
We may process personal data relating to users if one of the following applies:
users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes;
provision of data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the user and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party.
DATA RETENTION
We process and store your personal data for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between us and the user will be retained until such contract has been fully performed;
personal data collected for the purposes of our legitimate interests will be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes;
we may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the user has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn;
we may be obliged to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, personal data will be deleted and some of your rights (i.e. the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability) cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period. You may find specific information regarding your rights within the relevant section of this Privacy Policy or by contacting us at dianne@diannesvegankitchen.com/via our contact form.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users (such as, for example MailChimp, Rafflecopter, and E-Junkie), so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
YOUR RIGHTS
Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their personal data.
Object to processing of their data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their data. Users have the right to learn if data is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their data. In this case, we will not process their data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their personal data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their data from us.
Receive their data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any undue delay.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection supervisory authority.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting us at dianne@diannesvegankitchen.com/via our contact form.
These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by us as soon as possible and always within 30 days.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our Site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet is completely secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 20. 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of our Site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at dianne@diannesvegankitchen.com/via our contact form.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
We agree to users visiting our Site anonymously.
COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT)
For the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.
The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors:
Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.
Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.
Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.
LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.
YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.
Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.
AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.
OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.
Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.
Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.
GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.
Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers’; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.
RevContent – You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.
Centro, Inc. – You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.
33Across, Inc. – You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Conversant. LLC – You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
May 31, 2020
Primary SidebarSearch Site
Search this website
About Me
Hi! I'm Dianne Wenz and I am a Holistic Health Coach, Vegan Lifestyle Coach, Plant-Based Diet Nutrition Specialist, Plant-Based Chef, and cookbook author. I offer group and individual nutrition and lifestyle coaching programs to people across the U.S., and I teach cooking classes in Northern New Jersey. Contact me today to learn more and to schedule a complimentary breakthrough session!
Follow Me
Now Available!
Now Available!
FOLLOW ME FOR UPDATES
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
* I agree to you processing my personal data as per your Privacy Policy.
FooterDisclaimer
Information on this website should not be interpreted as medical advice. Consult your physician for any medical conditions you may need assistance with.
Privacy Policy
See the Dianne's Vegan Kitchen privacy policy.
Note
Blog posts may contain affiliate links. Purchases made through my affiliate programs help me keep this website running. Products may have been given to me free for review, but the opinions expressed on this website are my own.
Copyright
All content Copyright © Dianne Wenz. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission is strictly prohibited.
Subscribe to My Newsletter
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
* I agree to you processing my personal data as per your Privacy Policy.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more