https://www.springsyoga.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main contentThis Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of Springs Yoga Studio®.
We believe strongly in personal privacy, and we are committed to respecting and protecting our visitor’s personal data. We hope the following statements clarify our intent and purpose with respect to personal data.
In General: Springs Yoga Studio will not resell or provide personal data to any 3rd party. Any personal information submitted to or collected by this site will be used solely for the purpose of facilitating visitor’s interaction with Springs Yoga Studio.
Springs Yoga Studio is the sole owner of the information collected on this site, no 3rd parties have any ownership or stake whatsoever. We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others.
The following discusses the various types of data collected on this site.
Form Submissions
A form submission, e.g. a “Contact Us” or Comment form, is a data entry form where visitors provide personal information such as name, email, address, etc. Such information is collected by Springs Yoga Studio for the purpose of responding to questions, requests, event registrations or other miscellaneous inquiries. The information collected is used only to facilitate communication between Springs Yoga Studio and the visitor. This information will be not be sold to 3rd parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie terminates. The benefit of cookies are that by setting a cookie on our site, the user will not have to re-enter various pieces of information they have previously entered during their visit. Of course, if a user rejects the cookie they may still use the site. The only drawback to this is that the user may have to re-enter information during their visit. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site.
Log Files
Like most sites, we use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitor movement, and gather broad behavioral or demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. However, Springs Yoga Studio is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. If a visitor clicks a link on our site and visits another site, we encourage them to read the other site’s privacy statements. The privacy statements here apply only to information collected on this site.
Sharing
If a visitor uses this site’s sharing features to inform a friend about our site (e.g. via email), they will be asked to enter the friend’s name and email address (for example). Springs Yoga Studio will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Springs Yoga Studio stores this information only for the purpose of sending the one-time email. In no way is the friend automatically enrolled in any outbound email marketing campaigns or subscriptions to Springs Yoga Studio site.
Security
Springs Yoga Studio takes precaution to protect our user’s information. When users submit sensitive information on site, their information is protected both online and off-line. Furthermore, all team members of Springs Yoga Studio are kept up-to-date regarding security and privacy practices.
Site Updates
From time to time, Springs Yoga Studio may send site and/or service announcements to users. These are typically important notices regarding service interruptions (e.g. for maintenance) or system upgrades. Users who are members or account holders on our site will receive such notices for the purpose of keeping them informed prior to any events that may affect their ability to visit the site, or that may affect their experience on the site.
X
We have In Studio and streaming classes available!
If streaming please download and install the Zoom Cloud Meeting app and make an account, it's free. Register for the class by clicking on the schedule button below at least 30 minutes before class time.
You will receive a link under "Join Meeting" via email 15 minutes
before the class starts.
In Studio is limited to 18 students per class and you must pre-register.
Call or text David @ 404.932.2043 if you have troubles.
Schedule