http://www.alde.eu/en/privacy/
Search
Search
Français
English
Renew Europe
Home
About us
News
Blog
Events
Contact
Privacy
Renew Europe Group data protection and privacy statement
Last revised: 24/04/2018
The Group of Liberals and Democrats in the European Parliament (thereinafter ALDE Group) is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information and to respect the European legislation applicable to Union institutions (Regulation EC No. 45/2001) on this matter. This document explains what information we collect and how we collect it.
This document explains:
What personal information is
What personal information we collect
How we use the personal information we collect
On which basis we collect your data
What information we share with third parties
What steps we take to protect your information online
What choices you have regarding your information
This document applies to all personal data collected and used by the ALDE Group, as well as to campaigns we carry out through third party social media websites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter Instagram and LinkedIn), which we may use to gather information about you. These websites, as explained below, should also have their own privacy policies that cover the information they capture about you.
What is personal information?
As used herein, the term “personal information” means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or professional details) and information about the individual or his/her activities that directly links to information that can identify a person. Personal information does not include “aggregate” information, which is data we collect about the use of our website or about a group or category of service users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you send us an email, sign up to receive email updates, sign a petition, connect through a social media feed, fill out a form, request information, or apply for a vacancy. Such information may include personal details, such as your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
We may consult this data to help us assess what information may be relevant to send out to our subscribers in our newsletters. Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection with leaving comments, posting blog comments or other content, and sending an email or message to us. In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, contests, games, promotions, event registrations, and other activities on the websites.
How do we use the personal information we collect?
For example, we may use personal information we collect:
To send you newsletters and otherwise provide you with information you request or that we think will be of interest to you, such as sending you information to keep you informed about various campaigns, issues, elections, events, resources, promotions and contests;
To request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of our websites;
To respond to your emails, submissions, requests, questions and comments;
To notify and contact contest entrants;
In any case, the ALDE Group does pay the greatest attention to the relation between the specific purpose and the set of data collected. The principle of data minimisation is always applied to avoid any excessive collection of data.
The retention period is established on the basis of the specific purpose for which the data were collected. It will be proportionate and not excessive. After that period, the data will be destroyed or kept only for historical purposes.
On which basis do we collect your data?
Your freely given and explicit consent is the basis on which we process your personal data. We respect your will in the use of your personal data and we will stop any processing operation if you decide to withdraw your consent but in this case it will not be possible to provide any further information or service to you.
What information do we share with third parties?
It is our policy not to share the personal information we collect from you through our websites with third parties, except as described in this document or as otherwise disclosed on the websites. The ALDE Group will not divulge your personal data for direct marketing purposes. We are not responsible for the actions of any service providers or other third parties and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such parties.
What steps do we take to protect your information online?
We take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. The security standards applied by the European Parliament are applied as well to our web site and IT tools. Please, be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
What choices do you have regarding the use of your information?
Any individual concerned (data subject) has the right to obtain access to and rectification of his or her personal data. Data subjects may also under certain circumstances ask to have these data blocked and for the erasure of data about them which they consider to have been unlawfully processed. Finally, you have the right to object, on compelling grounds, to the processing of your data.
Furthermore, you may unsubscribe from receiving our text messages, email updates and newsletters by following instructions included in those text messages and emails.
You may also consult the European Parliament Data Protection Officer who is responsible for ensuring that the rights and freedoms of data subjects are not adversely affected by data processing operations. The EDPS (edps@edps.europa.eu ) can be consulted in case of recourse.
If you have any questions about this document, please contact the ALDE Group at tel: +32 2 284 21 11 or via aldegroup@europarl.europa.eu
Useful links
Home
About us
Privacy
News
Jobs
Contact
Contact
Brussels
+32 2 284 21 11
Strasbourg
+33 3 88 17 40 01
reneweuropegroup@europarl.europa.eu
Sign up
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the newsletter
Legal
© Renew Europe 2020 |
Refreshed by The Manifest
https://twitter.com/RenewEurope
https://www.facebook.com/RenewEurope
https://www.linkedin.com/grp/home?gid=1201767
https://www.youtube.com/user/ALDEGroup
https://www.flickr.com/photos/reneweuropegroup