http://www.kusar.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Kusar Legal Services, Inc., (“Kusar”) website and reviewing our privacy policy. The information we receive depends on what you do when you visit our site. Our website has general information available to all users, as well as online/mobile office services available to registered clients and resources.
Kusar provides online repository services related to the legal industry. Registered users have access to information concerning calendaring, billing, transcripts, exhibits, and other case-related documents.
Kusar will not obtain any personal-identifying information about you when you visit our website unless you voluntarily choose to provide that information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user.
If you identify yourself by using our online/mobile office services by sending us an e-mail containing personal information or by entering information in an online form, then the information collected will be solely used for the purpose intended.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to the Kusar website:
If you do nothing during your visit but browse our website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. Your web browser software transmits most of this information to us. This information does not identify you personally.
Our website will automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The numeric IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web) from which you access the Kusar website. Our software can then map these IP addresses into internet domain names;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our website;
The date and time you access our website;
The pages you visit, including graphics loaded from each page and other documents you download; and
If you linked to the Kusar website from another website, the address of that other website.
This information helps us make our website more useful to visitors and to learn about the types of technology our visitors use.
The Kusar website contains links to other websites, with their permission. Once you link to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new website.
Security
We take very seriously the integrity of the information and systems that we maintain. As such, Kusar complies with specialized regulatory requirements which our customers must meet. We have instituted security measures for all information systems under our control so that information will not be lost, misused, or altered. For security purposes and to ensure that our internet services remain available to all users, we may employ software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual. Individual access to Kusar’s mobile office is password-protected for your privacy and security. Kusar also uses industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions. We provide a secure, encrypted transcript database and an automated secure, encrypted email to transfer your confidential or HIPAA regulated depositions/documents.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Kusar may revise/update sections of this policy from time to time.
Owner of the Kusar Website
This website is owned by Kusar Legal Services, Inc., headquartered at 3780 Kilroy Airport Way, Suite 300, Long Beach, CA 90806.
Contact Us:
Feel free to contact us with your comments, questions, or concerns.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA. The Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Scroll to Top