http://www.dailykos.com/privacy
Privacy PolicyDaily Kos: PrivacyCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act NoticeDaily Kos: PrivacyYou are free to peruse our website anonymously and we will collect no personal information from you unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do, however, collect non-personally identifiable IP addresses and web site usage information when you visit Kos Media’s websites.
If you choose to provide your personal information by creating an account, purchasing a subscription, sending us an email, or filling out a contact form and submitting it through our website, you may receive emails from Kos Media, LLC related to Kos Media websites. Daily Kos will retain necessary information required about your mobile device or network carrier in order to contact you via mobile SMS/MMS.
We do not disclose your personal information to any third party without your express consent to be contacted by that organization. Specifically, we may use your personal information such as your email address or mobile phone number to contact you and provide you an opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from another organization involved in the progressive movement. If you specifically opt in to receive communications via your email address or mobile phone number from that organization, we may provide to that organization the personal information we have collected about you. You can unsubscribe from our email list or SMS program at any time. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our partners so we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Daily Kos mobile action and news alerts: If you signed up for mobile messaging, you will receive periodic offers and updates, including activism opportunities, from Daily Kos. You will receive recurring mobile messages from Daily Kos. You can unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving messages any time by texting STOP to 62340. Text HELP to 62340 for help. No purchase necessary. Message & Data Rates May Apply.
Periodic messages. Message frequency varies. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time and we will start sending SMS messages to you again.
Cookies and AdvertisingWe use cookies to allow you to quickly navigate and use all of the functionality of the site. Cookies are also used to serve targeted ads on www.dailykos.com and other sites on our behalf and some of our partners. You may also receive cookies and web beacons from third party network advertisers. They do not collect any personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies only to Kos Media, LLC and doesn’t apply to third parties. For more info on how third parties collect and use this information, you can go here:
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
You can visit Google’s Ads Preference Manager to opt out of Google’s use of cookies. You can also visit Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out page to opt out of other third parties’ use of cookies.
LinksOur websites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Kos Media, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and we encourage you to read their privacy policies before sharing your personal information.
Return Policy for MerchandiseDaily Kos merchandise is sold and shipped by Merchtable. You can read their return policy here:
https://merchtable.uservoice.com/knowledgebase/articles/172363-returns-exchanges
Donations to Daily Kos are not tax-deductible. Daily Kos does not provide any goods or services in return for donations.
SubscriptionsSubscriptions can be canceled at any time and you can manage your subscription from the user profile page. No refunds are given for canceled subscriptions, but any time remaining will be honored. If you’re banned from posting or commenting on Daily Kos, your subscription will still be honored, but the no refund policy still applies even for lifetime subscribers. So be good!
Kos Media, LLC reserves the right to update our privacy policy at any time.
California Consumer Privacy Act NoticeFOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Privacy Notice supplements the information in the Daily Kos Privacy Policy and applies solely to residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”).
1. Information we collect
1.1.
Kos Media LLC (operator of the dailykos.com (the “Site”) and referred to as “Kos”, “we” or “us”) has collected the following personal information from consumers in the last 12 months:
From everyone who signed up for the email list: name and email address, Internet protocol (“IP”) address, zip code, and if requested on the sign-up page, your telephone number.
From everyone who took any action, including signing a petition, on dailykos.com: real name, email address, zip code, mobile phone number if requested, IP address, nature of the action taken, date on which action was taken.
If you contributed a story, uploaded images, posted comments, posted video or audio content,
participated in a story, created an account on dailykos.com: user name, email address, IP addresses, zip code, stories published, stories drafted, comments published, story recommends, comment ratings, users followed, images uploaded, and private messages. We also track browsing and search history, but that information is not retained.
1.2. Note that personal information does not include
(a) Publicly available information from government records
(b) De-identified or aggregated consumer information
1.3. We collect the categories of information listed above directly from you and directly and indirectly from your activity on Daily Kos—your actions taken through and postings of stories, comments, diaries and other materials to the Site.
2. Use of personal information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect about you for one or more of the following purposes:
To contact you regarding your Daily Kos account
To identify and inform you about opportunities for activism that we think you may be interested in
To identify and send you stories you may be interested in
For testing, research, analysis and development of new offerings and programs
To personalize your Site experience and deliver content relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and advertisements through the Site and via email or via text with your consent when required by law. We can also determine some of your elected officials and ask you to contact them through services on our site.
3. Sharing of personal information
We do not disclose your personal information to any third party for a business purpose without your express consent to be contacted by that organization. Specifically, we may use your personal information to contact you and communicate to you an opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from another organization involved in the progressive movement. If you specifically opt in to receive communications from that organization, we may provide to that organization the personal information we have collected about you.
4. Your Rights Under the CCPA
4.1. Information About, Access to and a Copy of Personal Information: You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months and to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected. If we receive and verify your request (see below), we will disclose to you:
(a) The categories of personal information we collected about you;
(b) The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
(c) The categories of third parties, if any, with which we have shared your personal information;
(d) The categories of personal information, if any, that we shared with a third party for a business purpose;
(e) The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
4.2. Deletion Request: You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. Among other exceptions, we are not required to delete your personal information if it is necessary for us to maintain it in order to provide you with information or opportunities reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing relationship with you, to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; to enable internal uses reasonably aligned with your expectations; or otherwise use your personal information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information. For example, if you willingly published stories and posted comments on our site that were intended for public consumption, we reserve the right to not delete that content if you’re unable to do so yourself.
4.3. Do Not Sell Rights: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us. We do not sell any personal information unless you have explicitly opted-in to receive communication from another organization involved in the progressive movement. If you specifically opt in to receive communications from that organization, we may provide or sell to that organization the personal information we have collected about you.
4.4. Exercising Your Rights: To exercise the rights set out in sections 4.1 and 4.2 above, please submit a request with your full name, zip code, email address and identification of a posting made or action taken on the Site in the last 12 months, by:
Calling us at 800-683-3759
Email us at privacy@dailykos.com. When emailing us please include the nature of your request. Under CCPA, you can request what personally identifiable information we’ve collected about you, you can request that we delete the personally identifiable information we’ve collected about you, or that we not sell your personally identifiable information.
Only you can submit a request. You can only make a request twice within a 12-month period. Your request must describe what you are requesting with sufficient specificity that we can review and respond to it.
4.5
Response Time: We will attempt to respond to your request within 45 days of receiving it. If we require more time (up to 90 days) we will let you know that and the reason why.
4.6
Non-Discrimination. You have the right to exercise your rights under the CCPA without discrimination. We will not deny access to any opportunities, services, or programs in response to any consumer exercising rights under the CCPA.
5. Date updated
This notice was last updated on June 16, 2020.
6. Contact
If you have any questions about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information or your rights under the CCPA, please contact us at:
Phone: 800-683-3759
Email: privacy@dailykos.com
Contact Us: File a CCPA Request