http://www.sddt.com/Corporate/privacy.cfm
Thu December 10, 2020
Follow:
Login
Information
Construction
Defense
Economy
Education
Finance
Government
Health
Hospitality
Law
Real Estate
Technology
Commentary
Resources
Public Notices
Attorney Directory
Awards & Programs
Business Directory
Media Center
Newsmakers
Roundtables
Soaring Dimensions
SourceBook
Special Reports
Water
Community
Arts and Entertainment
Communities
Events
Landmarks
Restaurants
Traffic
Weather
The San Diego Source | The Daily Transcript is San Diego's only information company offering business news, data and resources daily and hourly. We report on San Diego business, finance and the San Diego economy, real estate, construction, the U.S. military in San Diego, and San Diego government construction bids.
Company Info | Resources
Privacy Information
Information Gathered By The San Diego Daily Transcript
This is the San Diego Daily Transcript's ("SDDT") online privacy policy.
This policy applies only to activities SDDT engages in on its website and does not apply to SDDT activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the website.
SDDT collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website.
This information does not personally identify users and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected by the SDDT website can include information such as the type of browser you are using, your IP address and the length of the visit to the website.
You may also be asked to provide personally identifiable information on the SDDT website, which may include your name, address, telephone number, credit card number, and e-mail address.
This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to SDDT or when you register for services.
In all such cases you have the option of providing us with personally identifiable information.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of data that are deposited on a user's hard drive.
The SDDT website utilizes Cookies and IP addresses for certain functions.
Cookies permit users to store their password and other user information without having to constantly re-enter this data.
Cookies also permits SDDT and our advertisers to tailor our website and advertising to your needs.
Most browsers permit users to decline to accept Cookies, although the default setting is typically to accept them.
You may choose to decline the Cookies, but certain functions of the website may not be accessible to you.
Use And Disclosure Of Information
SDDT typically does not sell personally identifiable information, such as your name or e-mail address to advertisers.
However, non-personal "aggregated data" is used to enhance the operation of our website, analyze interest in the areas of our website and to inform our advertisers about the number of users that have viewed their advertising.
Moreover, we may in some circumstances disclose personally identifiable information to third parties to enhance your experience on our website.
Additionally, if you provide SDDT with content for publishing or feedback, we may publish your user name or other identifying data.
SDDT may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request.
SDDT may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a third party if SDDT files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of SDDT.
Other Websites
SDDT is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links.
If you provide any information to such third parties different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply.
We strongly suggest you review such third party's privacy policies before providing any data to them.
Security
SDDT takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies.
However, SDDT cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.
Children
SDDT does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Children are not permitted to use the SDDT website or services, and SDDT requests that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the website.
Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, SDDT does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13.
Corrections And Updates
If you wish to modify or update any information SDDT has received, please contact webmaster@SDDT.com.
Please note that the SDDT website also contains public information that is gathered from a variety of official public notices and governmental agencies.
SDDT simply reproduces this information and users who feel that any public information contained on the SDDT website is inaccurate should contact the appropriate governmental agency or other source to correct this information.
Modifications Of The Privacy Policy
SDDT reserves the rights to modify its privacy policy at any time and will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the website.
Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted.
SDDT encourages you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.
Effective August 06, 2001.
Visit the following sites for more information:
Electronic Frontier Foundation - a civil liberties organization working to protect your rights on-line.
Electronic Privacy Information Center - established to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure.
The EPIC Cookies Page - definitions, links, and news.
Yahoo!'s Internet Privacy Category.
COMPANY INFO
Our Company
The Daily Transcript
San Diego Source
Staff Box
Interactive Maps
Address, City, or Zip
San Diego Employment
Employment Level
Employment Index
Unemployment Rate
Job Opportunities
Foreclosures
Notices of Default
Trustee Sales
Residential Real Estate
Homes Sales
Mortgage Calculator
Homes for Sale
Commercial Real Estate
Leasing Notes
Commercial Sales
Properties for Sale
New Businesses
Fictitious Business Names Filed
San Diego Business Licenses
CopyrightPrivacy PolicyAcceptable Use Policy
All contents herein copyright San Diego Source ® 1994-2020