https://www.socialenterprise.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but if not, please do get in touch with us.
We take your data very seriously and so will continue to review our activities in this area and update the policy as necessary. We’ll notify you of any significant changes, or you can visit this page to see our policy at any time.
What does the law say?
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent. For example, if you are not a member, but wish to receive email newsletters.
Contractual obligations
In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. For example, if you join us as members, we need to gather information about your areas of operation in order to support your work in the sector. In order to deliver our membership service to you or to enable you to attend an event we will need to contact you to ensure that this obligation can be fulfilled.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting Social Enterprise UK to law enforcement.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our organisation and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, we will may write to you to inform you of sector news and events that we feel would be of interest to you.
When do we collect your personal data?
We will collect your personal data in a number of ways including, but not limited to:
When you sign up for a newsletter.When you join us as members.When you attend events hosted by SEUK.When you engage with us on social media.When you visit our website.When you contact us by any means with questions, information requests etc.When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.
We will ensure that this information is processed in a lawful manner and is only used for relevant and necessary purposes.
What sort of personal data do we collect?
If you are one of our members: your name, organisational address, provided positions and email addresses, telephone number, payment information, areas of operation and submitted member profile.
For non-members or for events, we will tell you what information we are collecting and why we are collecting it.
How and why do we use your personal data?
We want to support the sector to grow and to work with social enterprises to drive policy and awareness. If you are a member, we will contact you regularly to ensure that you can access your membership services and be a part of our movement.
If you are not a member but choose to sign up to our communications, then we will also contact you. Of course, are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time either by unsubscribing or ending your membership.
We may use your data to send you communications required by law or which are necessary to inform you about our changes to the services we provide you. For example, updates to this Privacy Notice. These service messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message. If we do not use your personal data for these purposes, we would be unable to comply with our legal obligations.
We may also use your data to comply with legal obligations or to carry out fraud/credit checks as necessary to protect our organisation.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help guide and improve our work in the sector. For members we will do this as part of providing our service to you. For non-members we will ask your consent before contacting you
We will only share your data with third parties with permission and if we are working with them to deliver services or events and only if it is absolutely essential in order to allow you to attend that event. We have agreements with all event partners to ensure that they are also GDPR compliant in how they manage your data.
We will ensure that your data is kept secure and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We will put in a place a range of measures and data security protocols to ensure that your data is kept safe and secure, including keeping all data password protected.
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. We will tell you how long this is, when we initially collect your information. If you have signed up to receive email communications from SEUK, you will continue to receive these until you actively unsubscribe.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We will sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties, if we have your permission to do so. We will tell you who these third parties are if we are sharing personal data with them. These may include, for example, event partners, contractors working with SEUK to deliver our services.
Here’s the policy we apply to those organisations to keep your data safe and protect your privacy:
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services.They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them.We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times.If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will either be deleted or rendered anonymous.
Examples of the kind of third parties we work with are:
IT companies who support our website and other business systems.Operational companies such as event management companies.For fraud management, we may share information about fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activity in our premises or systems. This may include sharing data about individuals with law enforcement bodies.We may also be required to disclose your personal data to the police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body, in your country of origin or elsewhere, upon a valid request to do so. These requests are assessed on a case-by-case basis and take the privacy of our members into consideration.
What are your rights over your personal data?
An overview of your different rights
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that Social Enterprise UK holds at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please contact Data Protection Officer, Social Enterprise UK, The Fire Station, 139 Tooley Street, London, SE1 2HZ. Or email membership@socialenterprise.org.uk.
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
Checking your identity
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice. If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act.
How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. You will then be able to select which emails you wish to receive or and stop any further emails that you do not wish to receive.
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113.
Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns (opens in a new window; please note we can’t be responsible for the content of external websites)
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence. Details can be found in Section 16.