http://www.acfe.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Membership & Certification
Membership & Certification
Become a Member
Get Certified
Renew Membership
Partnerships
Partnerships
Law Enforcement and Government Alliance
Corporate Alliance
Anti-Fraud Education Partnership
CPE
Events, Training & Products
Events, Training & Products
Browse Topics
Browse Topics
Investigation & Examination
Ethics & Compliance
Prevention & Deterrence
Computers & Technology
Interviewing & Reporting
Accounting & Auditing
Financial Transactions & Fraud Schemes
Legal Elements
Professional & Career Development
Browse Formats
Browse Formats
Seminars
Webinars
Conferences
Self Study
Books & Manuals
Merchandise
On-Site Training
Live Events
Self Study
CFE Exam Prep
Calendar of Events
ACFE Product Index
Fraud Resources
Fraud Resources
Browse Topics
Browse Topics
Investigation & Examination
Ethics & Compliance
Prevention & Deterrence
Computers & Technology
Interviewing & Reporting
Accounting & Auditing
Financial Transactions & Fraud Schemes
Legal Elements
Professional & Career Development
Browse by Type
Browse by Type
Case Studies
Tips & Tools
Profiles
Surveys & Statistics
Fraud Resources Library
Report to the Nations
Free Resources
Fraud 101
Community
Community
Community
Chapters
Volunteering
Volunteering
Chapter Leaders Committee
Higher Education Committee
Scholarship Committee
Editorial Advisory Committee
Local Chapters
Advisory Council
Social Media
Our Members
Career
Career
Career Paths
Member Profiles
Ask the Experts
About the ACFE
About the ACFE
Who We Are
Our People
Our People
Board of Regents
ACFE Staff
ACFE Faculty
The CFE Credential
For Media
ACFE Foundation
Contact
For Advertisers
Search
View Cart
Contact UsLog In
Search
ChatContactCart
Search
ACFE Privacy Policy
The ACFE is committed to protecting personal information that it collects and uses regarding our members,
customers, website users, and other respective parties. This privacy policy notifies you of the following:
Purposes for which we process information
The information we collect and how we use it
Parties we share information with
Your rights concerning your personal data
Our contact information
Purposes for which we process information
To manage your membership and provide you with educational opportunities, we need to collect various types of data.
We use your personal information to identify when you joined or left the ACFE, whether you have passed the Certified
Fraud Examiner
(CFE) Exam and met the qualifications to obtain the CFE credential, whether you have met your Continuing
Professional Education (CPE) requirements, and for similar membership management practices. The CFE designation is
an achievement that the
public relies on to identify a person with anti-fraud experience, knowledge, and professionalism, so we also have a
duty to the public to verify whether you are a CFE in good standing.
Additionally, we provide a host of live trainings, conferences, online learning, and other anti-fraud educational
materials. We collect your information to process purchases, fulfill orders, issue refunds, and provide other
customer service functions.
It is also necessary to collect transactional data to meet our accounting, tax, and regulatory requirements. We also
send you communications about the products and services we offer. We understand that communicating with you is a
privilege, not
a right, and we work hard to be efficient and only send such messages that we think you will be interested in.
The information we collect and how we use it
Most of the data we collect comes from what you provide to us directly. This may include name, contact information
(phone, email, physical address, phone number, etc.), payment information, employer, job title, and professional
interests. When necessary,
we also collect information from you to verify that you meet the qualifications set by the Board of Regents to
become an Associate member or a Certified Fraud Examiner, which can include work and educational history,
professional references, and
character information.
In addition to the personal information we gather directly from you, we also use some or all of the following
sources to collect information about you.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a third-party service, to collect standard Internet log information and behavior patterns
of our website visitors. For instance, this data allows us to see the number of visitors to various pages on our
websites, and helps
us understand what content our members and customers are most interested in. This information is only processed in
the aggregate and we do not use it to identify the people who visit our website.
Website and email
navigational behavior
We use a third-party email service to collect information on how you interact with communications we send you, such
as whether you click on a link in an email or how you navigate on our website. We use this navigational data, along
with information
that you have provided about your professional interests, to build a user profile. The purpose of this profile is to
help us send useful information that is tailored to your professional field and interests while eliminating unwanted
or unhelpful
messages. This helps us be efficient in how we communicate with you and limit the number of messages you receive
from us. This information is collected through the use of cookies and you can choose to block these cookies if you
wish (see below).
Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer by websites that you visit to provide certain website
functionality and provide information to the site owners. We use cookies to improve our marketing, including
tracking activity to/from other
websites. We also use cookies to improve technical administration of our website. You can choose to have your
computer warn you each time a cookie is placed on your computer, or you can choose to block all cookies. This is
done through your Internet
browser settings. Each browser is different, so refer to your browser’s help menu to learn how to modify cookies.
Our website does not support Do Not Track signals.
CFE Exam proctoring data
To secure the integrity of the online CFE Exam, the ACFE may use various proctoring tools, including access to
examinees’ webcams and computer screens, recording audio/video of the examination, storing your ID card images,
keystroke biometric data,
and data on your Exam answers. This information is only used to ensure that the CFE Exam is administered fairly.
Search engine logging
We use a third-party service to provide search functions on our website. This service allows us to analyze search
traffic on our website to improve its functionality, but this information does not identify individual users.
IP address logging
We use services that log Internet traffic to our website and email servers as a security and website performance
measure.Online course management
Many of our online courses are taken through third party services that collect your name and email address when you
register. These services also provide both you and us with confirmation that courses have been successfully
completed.
ACFE Community
Members have access to the ACFE Community forum, which is run by a
third-party service. We share your member status, email, and city/country with this community service provider so
they can identify you,
and you can also choose to share your contact information, educational history, company name, and professional
interests to help you connect to anti-fraud professionals with similar interests. You can control what is displayed
to others. Access
to the Community is included with membership, but you may opt out at any time by selecting your directory preferences. Call traffic data
We use a third-party phone service that logs the phone numbers and the duration of calls made to or from us. This
information is only used to provide metrics to evaluate and improve our customer services, and it is not used to
identify individuals.
Record retention and destruction
We have a record retention and destruction schedule that is designed to retain information for only as long as we
need it to fulfill purchase orders; manage membership status; and comply with accounting standards, tax
requirements, lawful court orders,
and other applicable laws. If you are a Certified Fraud Examiner, we need to keep some information permanently to be
able to verify your certification dates, status with the organization, CFE application information, and disciplinary
record. This
is necessary to ensure that we can enforce our professional standards and rules, and to accurately inform the public
about those who are or have been certified by us as CFEs.
Parties we share information with
Our general policy is that we do not share personal data with third parties unless you ask us to. There are,
however, certain limited exceptions that are described below. Public inquiries
When asked by any member of the public, we will confirm your ACFE membership status, including dates of membership
and certification, whether you are a Certified Fraud Examiner, and whether you are a member in good standing.
ACFE local chapters
One of the benefits of ACFE membership is the ability to join your local chapter. We provide members’ contact
information to the ACFE local chapter in their region so you can learn about educational and networking
opportunities with other ACFE members
in your area. You may choose to remove yourself from the list of local ACFE members we send to our chapters at any
time by adjusting your settings on the communications preferences
page.
Service providers
We use third parties to perform services on our behalf, including package delivery, printing, payment processing
(including credit card processing), marketing, advertising, and customer service. These service providers are only
allowed to process
your personal information for the purposes requested by us or required by law.
Customers' Employers
When an employer pays for its employee(s) to attend or use our courses or trainings, we will respond to reasonable
requests from the employer to confirm the employee’s attendance.
ACFE Authorized Trainers
The ACFE’s Authorized Trainer program allows certain third parties to offer the live CFE Exam Review Courses so
that you can have access to this resource in a convenient location. If you register for this course with an
Authorized Trainer, we provide
the trainer with information you have provided to us necessary to complete the course registration process.
Sponsors and exhibitors
When we host conferences, we provide the exhibitor/sponsor with attendees’ physical mailing address (where
permissible to do so). The exhibitor/sponsor is allowed to send two direct mailings to attendees (one before the
conference and one after the
conference), and does not receive attendees’ email or phone number. We also provide access to free sponsored
webinars, and if you register for these events, the contact information you enter on the webinar registration page
is provided to the
sponsor. The webinar sponsor can then contact you with information about their services (where permissible by law).
Mobile app developers
We contract with third parties to provide mobile applications that correspond to certain conferences and
publications. If you register for a conference, we provide the app developer with your registration information so
that you can activate the app
on your device, organize your schedule, access information about the event, and connect with other attendees. You
can choose what information is available to other app users.
International information transfers
We are located in the United States and collect and store information here. As described above, we provide members’
location and contact information to the ACFE local chapter in their region. We also have a customer service center
located in the Philippines
that helps us provide round-the-clock international customer service coverage and support. At this time, neither the
United States nor the Philippines have received an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Your rights concerning your personal data
We take your privacy rights seriously and are committed to the transparent collection and use of your information.
The following information pertains to your rights to your personal information:
Right to access
personal information
Our goal is to be transparent about the information we store about you. Many jurisdictions provide individuals with
a right to require organizations holding their personal information to provide them access to it. In addition to
complying with those
requirements in specific jurisdictions, we will do our best to honor any request for access to personal information.
Upon request, we will describe the information we have about you, explain the purpose for which we hold it, explain
what parties
we disclose it to, and let you have a copy in an intelligible form. To request access to all information we hold
about you, you must submit your request in writing using the contact information at the bottom of this page.
Withdrawing consent
In instances where our ability to process your personal information is based on consent, including marketing
purposes, you have the right to revoke that consent at any time. You may make such a request in writing to the
address at the bottom of this
page, by changing your settings on our
communications preferences page, or by calling our Member
Services Department.
Erasure or “right to be forgotten”
Some jurisdictions provide individuals with a right to require organizations holding their personal data to erase
it. In addition to complying with such requirements in specific jurisdictions, we will do our best to comply with
any request to delete
information we have collected about you at your request. Note that some information, such as litigation records or
personal information required to verify whether an individual has ever been a CFE, must be retained. Additionally,
exercising your
right to be forgotten may mean that we are no longer able to provide you with certain benefits or services that you
have requested. Please submit your request in writing using contact information at the bottom of this page.
Changing or correcting data
If you are a member or have a user account on our website, you can login to acfe.com to edit your account
information. If you believe that any information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may contact us
using the phone number or email
address at the bottom of this page.
Objecting to processing
If you believe that we are improperly processing your personal information, you may submit a request to change it
using the contact information at the bottom of this page. We will review the request and inform you of our response.
Opting out of sale of information
Most transfer of personal information from the ACFE to third parties is for the purpose of providing customer
services regarding a transaction or membership services, but the ACFE does provide limited attendee information as
part of its package to sponsors and exhibitors at its annual Global Fraud Conference, as explained above in the
“Sponsors and exhibitors” section. You may opt out of personal information sales by ACFE to other parties at the
following page: www.acfe.com/personal-information-rights.aspx.
Making a complaint against us
We encourage anyone with questions or complaints about our privacy policy or practices to bring them to our
attention. If you would like to make a complaint against us, some jurisdictions have regulatory bodies to receive
and review such complaints,
such as the
Federal Trade Commission in the United States. Individuals within
the European Union have the right to lodge a complaint about a violation regarding their personal data with a
supervisory authority
in the EU Member State of their residence, place of work, or place of the alleged violation. See the bottom of this
page for the contact information of our EU representative.
Your California Privacy Rights
The California "Shine the Light" law permits California residents who visit our website to request and obtain from
us, once a year and free of charge, details regarding their personal information (if any) that we disclosed to third
parties for direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year. If applicable, our response to this request
will include a list of categories of personal information that we shared and the names and addresses of the third
parties. Additionally, you have the right not to be subjected to discrimination for exercise of your California data
privacy rights.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to
the address below.
Contact information
Association of Certified Fraud Examiners
716 West Ave.
Austin, TX 78701
United States of America
(800) 245-3321 (USA & Canada only)
+1 (512) 478-9000
memberservices@ACFE.com
European Union representative
Tim Harvey
78 York Street
London W1H 1DP
United Kingdom
+44 20 7692 1888
UKInquiries@ACFE.com
Policy effective as of December 23, 2019