https://www.ipmvs.com/terms-of-use/
Subscribe
News & Events
Briefs
Blog
Pay Bill
Terms of Use
1. No Legal Advice; No Attorney-Client Privilege; Disclaimers: MVS provides this Site for general information purposes only relating to the areas of law familiar to our firm’s lawyers. The content and materials appearing on this Site or sent from this Site do NOT constitute legal advice or any other professional advice and you many not rely on the contents of this Site for such purposes. The contents of this Site do not necessarily represent the opinions of MVS or its clients. If you require legal advice, you should retain competent legal counsel to advise you. If you would like to retain MVS, please contact one of our lawyers, who will be happy to discuss whether our firm can assist you.
An attorney-client relationship does not arise from your acts of use or viewing of this Site or from any automated communications you receive from this Site. Additionally, signing up for any subscription-based services through this Site or viewing any content from subscription-based services associated with this Site does not create an attorney-client relationship. Although the use of this Site may facilitate access to or communications with the lawyers at MVS by email, voicemail or other means, receipt of any such communications by MVS does not establish an attorney-client relationship unless our firm agrees to represent you.
MVS has made reasonable efforts to ensure that the materials contained on this Site are accurate, but it cannot guarantee or warrant the accuracy, currency or completeness of the materials on this Site, nor can MVS guarantee the Site will be available without interruption, error or omission, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site and the server(s) that make it available are free from viruses or harmful components. This Site and the materials provided are provided “as is” and “as available” without any representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied.
2. Privacy & Confidentiality: MVS is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of its clients and website visitors. In general, you can access the Site without providing MVS with any personal information; however, you may provide personal information, such as providing contact information to receive alerts and / or communications from MVS, or you may provide submissions to MVS through the Online Contact Form submissions. Please note that website security is sometimes beyond MVS control. Please do not send confidential information through the Site or through any Online Contact Form submissions available through the Site. MVS cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communications you send though this Site. Additionally, the firm may collect non-public personal information about you from the information you send through this Site. MVS has implemented 1) remarketing with Google Analytics and 2) Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. MVS and its third-party vendors use first-party cookies to advertise to visitors based on past website visits, demographics and interests. If you wish to opt out of Google’s use of cookies, please visit Google’s Ad Settings. If you wish to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. We will use your information to respond to you. If you have any questions about your personal information, please contact us.
3. Liability: MVS and its lawyers, staff, and third party agents associated with this Site shall have no liability for any damages arising from your misuse of any information provided on or through this Site. The information provided is not legal advice and should not be relied upon as such.Doing so without seeking the advice of legal counsel constitutes a misuse of the information.
4. Link to MVS: MVS appreciates links to the MVS Site. Links should go directly to the homepage at www.ipmvs.com, to www.filewrapper.com, or to the biography of one of the firm’s lawyers or intellectual property professionals. Linking directly to other pages within the Site or framing content on the site is prohibited without prior written permission from MVS.
5. Intellectual Property: “MVS”, “filewrapper®”, “clientedge®”, “don’t play games with your intellectual property®”, and “InfringeMINTS™” are all trademarks of MVS. Unless otherwise noted, all other materials including any images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, video clips, logos artwork, computer code and written and other materials (collectively, “Content”) and further including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content which are part of this Site are owned, controlled or licensed by MVS or by third parties who have licensed their materials to MVS and may be protected by U.S. copyright, trademark, and / or trade dress laws and/or other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
The compilation of all Content (exclusive of content provided via links to third party websites) on this Site is the exclusive property of MVS and is also protected by the copyright laws. MVS expressly reserves all intellectual property rights and all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content and other material which appears on this Site. Access to this Site does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone, any license under any of MVS or any third parties intellectual property rights. All software used in the operation or creation of this Site is the property of MVS and is protected by U.S. Copyright law.
Access to this Site does not authorize you to use any name, logo or mark in any manner. You may download or copy the contents of this Site for your personal use only. If you elect to download or copy the contents of this Site, no right, title or interest to any of the material is transferred to you. You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way the contents of this Site or any related software.
You may use information on MVS services purposely made available by MVS for downloading from the Site, provided that you (1) not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
6. Security: You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including but not limited to, (1) accessing information not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access, (2) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security without authorization, (3) attempting to interfere with the service of any other user, host or network including submission of a virus to the Site, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail bombing or crashing the Site, (4) sending unsolicited email including promotions and/or advertisements of products or services to MVS or any employees of MVS. Violations of system or network security could result in civil and/or criminal action against you. MVS will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve and cooperate with local and federal law enforcement in prosecuting such violations. You shall not use any device, software or other tool to interfere with the property and normal operation of this Site or any activity being conducted via this Site.
7. Changes: MVS reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions or Content of the Site and / or these Terms and Conditions, at any time.Please check back often.It is your responsibility to check these Terms and Conditions periodically for changes.Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.As long as you comply with these Terms and Conditions, MVS grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
8. Jurisdiction:You understand that MVS operates or controls this Site from its location in Iowa and Iowa law shall govern any and all action concerning your use of this Site. You hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the state of Iowa, for the resolution of all disputes arising from or related to these Terms and Conditions without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction.
9. Violation of These Terms and Conditions of Use: Do not violate the Terms and Conditions. If you do, MVS reserves the right to use any and all information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) MVS’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site, including MVS’s clients. MVS reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that MVS deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
MVS also may disclose your information when MVS determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that MVS may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with MVS through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or MVS determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms and Conditions, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of MVS, its employees, users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that MVS may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms and Conditions or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms and Conditions will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to MVS, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to MVS obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that MVS deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies MVS may have at law or in equity.
You agree that MVS may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate access to the Site, for cause, which includes, but is not limited to, discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, or unexpected technical issues or problems.
10. Viruses: MVS cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from this Site are free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other codes that may have contaminating or destructive properties. It is the user’s responsibility to review and scan any and all downloaded materials from this Site or any links provided by this Site. MVS will not be responsible or liable for any damage caused by your use of this Site.
11. Indemnification: You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless MVS, its affiliates, and their employees, officers, directors, contractors, agents and business partners from any and all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, that may arise from or be related to your use or misuse of this Site or breach of these Terms and Conditions. MVS reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with MVS in asserting any available defense.
12. Feedback: MVS welcomes your feedback. If you have any questions or comments about MVS, the Site, or these Terms and Conditions, please contact the firm directly.
Stay in Touch
Receive the latest news and updates from us and our attorneys.
Sign Up