https://www.commerce.gov/about/policies/accessibility
Skip to main content
Our mission
Leadership
Bureaus and offices
Strategic plan
Budget and performance
History
Guidance Documents
Policies
Accessibility
Comment policy
Digital strategy
IT policy archive
Information quality
Open source code
Plain language
Privacy policy
Social media and web 2.0 policy
Contact us
Was this page helpful?
Helpful          Not helpful
Breadcrumb
Home
About
Policies
Was this page helpful?
Helpful          Not helpful
Accessibility policy
The Department of Commerce is committed to providing access to all individuals – with or without disabilities – seeking information on this website. We've built this website to conform to the Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (as amended), which requires that all individuals with disabilities (whether federal employees or members of the general public) have access to, and use of, information and data comparable to that provided to individuals without disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on us.
If you have trouble viewing content
If you have difficulty accessing information on this site, particularly if using assistive technology including screen readers, eye tracking devices, or voice recognition software, please contact us. You can do this by emailing our Digital Engagement team at webmaster@doc.gov with the following information:
URL (web address) of the material you tried to access
The problem you experienced
Your contact information
We'll get back to you as soon as we can, and attempt to provide the information you're seeking.
3rd-party plugins
Some content on this website may require the use of a 3rd-party plugin to view. Links to these plugins are listed below. Please note these are non-government sites and we do not endorse these products. They’re listed only for your convenience. Please direct questions about each tool to the respective vendor.
Download Adobe Reader to view Portable Document Format (PDF) files
Download Word Viewer to view Microsoft Word documents
Download Excel Viewer to view Microsoft Excel spreadsheets
Download PowerPoint Viewer to view Microsoft PowerPoint presentations
Use browsealoud to listen to a web page
Right to File an Accessibility Related Complaint
To file a complaint against the Department of Commerce under section 508, please visit the
Office of Civil Rights’ webpage.
To read the Department’s Notice of Rights under the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 and to file a complaint under that statute, please visit the
Office of Civil Rights’ webpage.
Bureaus and Offices
Office of the Chief of Staff
Share this page