http://www.latc.com/privacy
Privacy
Los Altos Town Crier
The Newspaper
Sections
Support the Town Crier
Town Crier Complete Edition: the PDF
News
Election 2020: Know your local candidates
Schools
Community
Business & Real Estate
Sports
Comment
Stepping Out
Magazine
Spiritual Life
Town Crier Puzzle of the Week
Special Sections
Sections
Your Health
Your Home
On The Road
Food & Wine
Wedding To Remember
Senior Lifestyles
Specialty Magazines
Taking the Vote
People
Sections
Noteworthies
Letters to the Editor
Engagements, Weddings & Anniversaries
Obituaries
Advertise
Sections
Print and Online Advertising
Legal Advertising
Specialty Magazines
Free Ad for Subscribers
Place a Classifed Ad
Advertisement magazine dropdown promo
The Town Crier publishes six different glossy magazines throughout the year
You can view the latest magazine as a PDF here or explore our archive of past issues.
To advertise, contact our sales department by calling (650) 948-9000 or email sales@latc.com.
To offer submissions to editorial, contact editor Bruce Barton at bruceb@latc.com.
Subscribe
Services
Subscribe/Renew
Newsstand Locations
Photo Store
About
About Us
Archives
Magazine Archive
Search our archive
Our Team
Contact Us
Our History
Our Mission
Directions
Directory by Department
Submit an Idea/Intern
Login
Join the digital community
of the Los Altos Town Crier
Remember Me
Create an account
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?
Privacy Policy
Last Updated March 2017
This privacy policy describes practices both for the Los Altos Town Crier newspaper and LosAltosOnline.com, hereafter referred to as the Town Crier. The policy explains what personal data the Town Crier gathers, and choices you have about its use.??
Personal Information
We take your privacy seriously and protect your personal information. You share your personal information with us when you comment on a story or place a subscription or advertisement order. The Los Altos Town Crier will not sell or redistribute your information to anyone. We do not publish or display email addresses associated with the comments you write, unless you choose to include them in the text of your comment.
Analytics
We use Google services to learn how readers visit and use our website. The data we gather is anonymous and we don’t link it to your personal information. Google sets and reads cookies on browsers that visit our site. You can learn more about cookies and/or opt out of Google tracking.
Cookies
Income from advertising supports the Town Crier's journalism. Google uses a DoubleClick cookie in ads it serves on our website. The cookie helps Google choose which ads to show you, based on previous visits you’ve made to our website and to other websites. You can opt-out of use of the Double-Click cookie here.
Google works with third-party advertising vendors who may also serve ads on our site. You can opt out of some third-party vendors' cookies by visiting aboutads.info.
Schools »
Read More
Sports »
Read More
People »
Read More
Special Sections »
Read More
Photos of Los Altos
Browse and buy photos
Los Altos Town Crier
HomeContact Us Subscribe Privacy
Top
Copyright © 2020 Los Altos Town Crier. All Rights Reserved.