http://www.ncai.org/terms-of-use
Terms of Use | NCAI
Skip Navigation
National Congress of American Indians
Policy Issues
Community & Culture
Economic Development & Commerce
Education, Health & Human Services
Land & Natural Resources
Tribal Governance
Resources
Resolutions
NCAI Publications
Legal Filings
Consultation Support
Testimony & Speeches
Job Listings
FAQs
Conferences & Events
NCAI Events
National Events
Youth Events
Event Archives
Calendar View
Event Search
Submit Your Event
Initiatives
NCAI Policy Research Center
Partnerships & Initiatives
Campaigns
News
Updates
Press Releases
News & Updates Archive
Press Resources
Multimedia Center
Tribal Communicators Resources
Native Youth
Native Youth Programs
About Native Youth
NCAI Youth Commission
Youth Events
Fellowships
First Kids 1st
On the T.R.A.I.L.
About NCAI
Mission & History
NCAI Governance
State of Indian Nations
NCAI Leadership
Embassy of Tribal Nations
Annual Leadership Awards
NCAI Staff
Working With Us
Our Supporters
Membership
About Membership
Tribal Membership
Sign Up to Become a Member
Member Login
Home
Tribal Directory
About Tribes
Get Involved
Policy Research Center
Search:
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI). Please take a minute to read the rules that follow and understand that, when you visit our site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
What This Site Contains
The NCAI site presents comprehensive information about how the NCAI carries out its mission of serving the broad interests of American Indian and Alaska Native tribal communities and governments.
Use of Materials on this Website
The materials published on the site, including text, images, and illustrations, are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and/or other proprietary rights and laws of the United States or other countries. You, a visitor to this site, acquire no rights or licenses to the content other than the limited rights to use it in accordance with these terms, and you agree to abide by all relevant copyright notices or restrictions relating to the content.
Trademark Information
The National Congress of American Indians name, the related acronym “NCAI,” the NCAI logo, and any historic, subsidiary, or related logos are protected trademarks and service marks of NCAI. No use of these names or logo may be made without the express written consent of NCAI. They are provided for personal, noncommercial use without right of reproduction.
Use of NCAI Logo
The NCAI logo is used to identify our organization, products, and activities. You cannot use the NCAI logo or any historic, subsidiary, or related logos without written permission, and only NCAI can grant authorization for use of these logos. For written permission please contact support@ncai.org
At the time permission is granted, NCAI will provide you with our requirements as to color, typeface, size, etc. for reproduction of the logo.
Improper use of NCAI logo:
You cannot use the NCAI logo to
refer to another organization or another organization’s products or
services.
You cannot use the NCAI logo in
any manner that would confuse the viewer or could imply sponsorship or
endorsement.
You cannot change or alter the
appearance of the NCAI logo.
You cannot use the NCAI logo
without giving NCAI proper ownership.
You cannot use the NCAI logo as a
link separate from an attaching URL.
Links
National Congress of American Indians has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by National Congress of American Indians of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
NCAI does not object to adding our link to your site as long as you adhere to the following guidelines:
We do not allow our links to
appear on websites that promote any form of racism, discrimination, bigotry
or pornography or any site encouraging or engaged in illegal activities.
NCAI is a nonprofit and
nonpartisan organization. No statement should be made that implies or
suggests that NCAI is a partner of your organization without the written
approval of NCAI.
You cannot link to our site if
your website harms or diminishes the mission of NCAI.
You cannot add our link to your
site if it in any way suggests that NCAI endorses a product, service,
individual, or organization.
Please inform NCAI that you are
adding our link to your site by contacting the Webmaster at support@NCAI.org
with your web address.
Limitation of Liability
The NCAI will not be liable to you or any third party for any damages of any kind arising out of or relating to the use or the inability to use this site, its content or links, including but not limited to loss of profits or other damages caused by or related to errors, omission, interruptions, defects, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, line failure, and all other direct, indirect, special incidental, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind whether under these terms of use, statute, regulation, common law precedent or doctrine, even if the NCAI has been advised of the possibility of such damages or was negligent. In jurisdictions that prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, NCAI's liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the NCAI's total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action, including but not limited to those based on contract, tort or otherwise, arising out of your use of this site, its content or links, shall not exceed the amount you paid to access this site.
The information on this site, including text, images, and links, and the information on any websites, whether affiliated or unaffiliated with NCAI, which you may visit through the site, is provided "as is" by NCAI as a convenience to all users, without representation or warranty of any kind to you or any third party, including but not limited to, any express or implied warranties (i) of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose; (ii) of informational content or accuracy; (iii) of non-infringement; (iv) of quiet enjoyment; (v) of title; (vi) that the site will be uninterrupted or error-free; (vii) that any defects or errors in the site will be corrected; (viii) that the site or the server that makes it available are free from viruses or other harmful components or (ix) that the site is compatible with any particular hardware or software platform. Efforts by NCAI to modify the site shall not be deemed a waiver of these limitations.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on the National Congress of American Indians’ web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. National Congress of American Indians does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. National Congress of American Indians may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. National Congress of American Indians does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Changes to our Terms of Use
The National Congress of American Indians may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time by clicking on this page.
Please note that any personal information collected in connection with our site is governed by our Privacy Statement which you can view online at www.ncai.org/privacy
If you have any questions concerning our Terms of Use please contact NCAI at support@NCAI.org
NCAI Links
Policy Issues
About Tribes
Resources
Native Youth
Conferences & Events
About NCAI
Initiatives
Membership
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
National Congress of American Indians (NCAI)
Embassy of Tribal Nations
1516 P Street NW, Washington, DC 20005
Phone: (202) 466-7767, Fax: (202) 466-7797
Follow us on
Our country is undergoing a shift and we need companies to be leaders of positive and meaningful change. @TMobile i… https://t.co/w0QPvWfS8l about 1 hour ago
Copyright © 2001-2020 National Congress of American Indians. Website made possible by the generous support of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation. Learn more about our supporters.