http://www.drphil.com/video-services-policy/
Skip to main content
Video Services Policy
Last Updated and Effective as of: April 15, 2018
Your video content viewing activities may be collected through your use of the Web Site. By viewing our video content, you are consenting to share your video viewing and related media consumption activities with others. Sharing this information will allow you to watch video content hosted on the Web Site, as well as taking advantage of social networking and other features, such as the delivery of relevant advertising on the Web Site. Such sharing may continue for two years or until you withdraw your consent.
This Video Services Policy is part of our Privacy Policy and describes the circumstances in which information regarding video content that you view on the Web Site may be collected by or disclosed to third parties.
SOCIAL NETWORKING SERVICES
As described in our Privacy Policy, we may offer you the ability to use certain third-party social networking services through the Web Site. For example, you can use third-party social networking services, such as Facebook or Twitter, to share information about your experience on the Web Site with your friends and followers on those services. These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including about your activities on the Web Site, and they also may notify your friends on their services about your use of the Web Site.
By using a third-party social networking service through the Web Site, you consent to share information about you, including video content that you have watched on the Web Site, with your friends and followers on those services and others who are able to view content that you post. You can limit how a third-party social networking service shares your information by visiting your social networking service’s website and updating your privacy settings.
ADVERTISING AND VIDEO MEASUREMENT SERVICES
The Web Site may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies that allow our advertisers, service providers and market research companies, such as CBS Interactive, Adobe, Nielsen or Comscore, to collect information about the users and the type of content, including video content that users have watched on the Web Site. By watching video content on the Web Site, you consent to allow us to share information with these advertisers, service providers and video measurement services and you acknowledge that either (i) the Video Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (the “VPPA”) (and any similar state law) does not apply or (ii) to the extent the VPPA or any similar state law does apply in any manner, you are providing your informed, written consent to the disclosure of that information pursuant to the VPPA and any such state law. For more information about Nielsen digital measurement products, please click here. If you do not wish to participate in Nielsen's digital measurement research, please click here to opt-out. If you choose to opt out, we will not share with Nielsen video content viewing information generated by you. For more information about Comscore, please click here. Please note that we do not share contact information with video measurement services.
PUBLICLY POSTED USER CONTENT
As described in our Privacy Policy, the Web Site may offer Public Areas on or through which you may be able to share User Content. You acknowledge that if you choose to post any information about the content on the Web Site or your viewing history in any Public Area, the VPPA (or any similar state law) does not apply. However, to the extent the VPPA or any similar state law does apply in any manner, you are providing your informed, written consent to the disclosure of that information pursuant to the VPPA and any such state law.