http://www.airserv.org/privacy-policy
AIR SERV INTERNATIONAL, INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Revised November 1, 2005
Air Serv International maintains this Website in order to provide you with information about our mission and work, and to enable you to interact with us online. This policy describes treatment of information you may provide through our Website.
Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the Terms and Conditions of this policy that are set forth below. We encourage you to read this entire policy and the terms and conditions as it sets forth our understanding with you when you visit the website.
Throughout this policy you will see the terms “Air Serv International”, “we,” “our,” and “us”- these terms refer to Air Serv International, Inc., a non-stock corporation with tax-exempt status pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3). You will also see the terms “you,” “your” and “yours” used to refer to visitors and users of our website.
If you visit the site to read or download information: We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our website and the Internet address from which you linked directly to our site. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the site and to make the site more useful.
If you identify yourself by sending an email: You may also decide to send us identifying information in an electronic mail message asking a question. We use this information in various ways and to help us answer your questions more accurately.
Collecting personal information: In certain sections of our Website, you may be asked to submit personal information. This may include your name, address, zip code, telephone number and email address. When donating online, we also request credit card and other billing information. Air Serv’s donation page is managed by Maguire & Maguire, Inc (www.maguireinc.org) and donations are processed through a service of the Independent Charities of America (www.independentcharities.org).
Phone numbers and financial information: Air Serv International will not share, rent or exchange the phone numbers or financial information of our donors without prior, specific consent, except as noted in ## 1 & 2 below.
Credit Card transactions
Air Serv International has built in several layers of security into our system. All online transactions are done on a secure server. Air Serv International uses third parties to provide credit card processing services. If you have opted to donate online, we may share your personal information, including credit card and billing information with these technical providers. We request all third party service providers to hold personal information in strict confidence. While we believe these companies are upstanding and will treat your information responsibly, we do not own or control them.
Necessity
If a legal or regulatory authority compels us, Air Serv International will disclose personal information. Also, if we have reason to believe that there has been inappropriate or illegal interference with or use of the Air Serv International website we will disclose this information to said authorities.
Linking to a third party website: Except as may be outlined in this policy, the privacy policies of Air Serv International do not apply to third-party sites or any other linked websites. Once you leave the Air Serv International website, we have no control over what information may be collected about you, nor can we control what other sites do with this information.
Changes to this policy: We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy without advance notice. Notice of any changes to this policy will be posted on our Website home page for a period of three days.
Contact us: Please know that the security and privacy of your personal information is very important to us. If you have questions about this statement or the practices of this website please contact us at:
Air Serv International, Inc.
Attention: Karen Cilberti
410 Rosedale Ct, Suite 190
Warrenton, VA 20186
or email to kcilberti@airserv.org
TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR USE OF AIR SERV INTERNATIONAL WEBSITE
Use of this site is provided by Air Serv International subject to the following Terms and Conditions:
Your use constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of the site.
Air Serv International reserves the rights to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting changes online. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to Air Serv International are provided “as is” without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied. In no event will Air Serv International be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use or in connection with such use or loss of use of the site, whether in contract or in negligence.
Air Serv International does not warrant that the functions and materials contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free; that defects will be corrected; that this site, or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs; or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials.
Copyright restrictions:
Commercial use or publication of all or any item displayed is strictly prohibited without prior authorization from Air Serv International. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license by Air Serv International to use any item displayed.
Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not Air Serv International). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
Air Serv International takes no responsibility for the content of external Internet Sites.
Any communication or material that you transmit to, or post on, any public area of the site including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary information.
These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the U.S. legal system.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this site must be terminated immediately.