http://www.jubileechurchteesside.com/about/privacy
Privacy and Data Protection
Share
Home > About > Privacy & Data Protection
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION STATEMENT
Personal Data
Jubilee Church Teesside takes your personal data details and those of your children (if applicable) very seriously.
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
JCT has appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to whom all queries should be addressed regarding your personal data.
Security
We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect personal information about you.
If JCT already holds your personal details, we assure you that they will only be used for church purposes. We will not pass on your data to a third party, unless it is something that legislation requires e.g. Health & Safety, Safeguarding etc.
Electronic personal data is stored on JCT’s ‘ChurchSuite’ Church Management System and is password protected.
Changing your personal information
You can edit your data on your ‘MyChurchSuite’ account at any time, such as postal or email address, telephone number. Alternatively, you can contact JCT through the website or the church office to request any updates to your data.
You can request access to all your personal data via the DPO, giving at least 14 days’ notice.
You can request that your personal data be deleted by JCT at any time, giving at least 14 days’ notice to the DPO. Please note however that some personal information, primarily contact information, may remain in JCT’s records to the extent necessary to ensure we maintain legal or financial compliance with regulatory bodies.
You have the right at any time to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO). You can contact the ICO on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Last Updated: Tue, 22nd May 2018
Share