http://www.kennyspring.com.au/privacy
Home
Helping You
Family Law
Wills & Estates
Property and Conveyancing
Compensation Law
Workplace Issues
Criminal Law and Traffic Offences
Helping Your Business
KS on Call
Commercial Law Advice
Employment Law
Buying or Selling a Business
Commercial Property
Debt Recovery
About Us
Our Team
Community
The KS Difference
News
Events
Payment Portal
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to protect your privacy.
Kenny Spring Solicitors seeks to provide the best possible service to its clients by providing the best possible range of legal services.
We understand how important it is to protect your personal information. This document sets out our privacy policy commitment in respect of personal information that you may provide to us.
Our Privacy Policy ensures your right to privacy as we recognise that any information we may collect about you will only be used for the purposes indicated in our policy. It is important to us that you are confident that any personal information we collect from you or is received by us, will be treated with appropriate respect ensuring protection of your personal information.
Our commitment in respect of personal information is to abide by the National Privacy Principles for the protection of personal information, as set out in the Privacy Act and any other relevant law.
Personal Information
When we refer to personal information we mean information from which your identity is apparent. This information may include information or an opinion about you, from which our identity can reasonably be ascertained. Other private information we may hold will always be protected by legal professional privilege and will not be disclosed by us in any circumstances.
Why we collect your personal information
We collect and receive personal information from our clients or from other business referrers in order to conduct our business.
To enable us to maintain a successful business relationship with you, we may disclose your personal information with other organisations that provide products or services used by us in providing our services to you. The types of organisations to which we are likely to disclose information about you include mortgage intermediaries, lenders, valuers, lenders, mortgage insurers, surveyors, accountants, law stationers and real estate agents.
How do we collect your personal information?
Where reasonable and practical we will collect your personal information only directly from you.
To whom will we disclose your personal information?
Where possible, we will inform you, at or before the time of collecting your personal information, the types of organisations that we intend to disclose your personal information to.
Prior to disclosing any of your personal information to another organisation, we will take all reasonable steps to satisfy ourselves that:
the organisation has a commitment to protecting your personal information at least equal to our commitment; and
you have consented to us doing so.
Sometimes we are required or authorised by Law to disclose your personal information. Circumstances in which we may disclose your personal information would be to a Court or Tribunal in response to a request or in response to a subpoena or to the Australian Taxation Office.
Direct marketing
From time to time we may use your personal information to provide you with current information about new products or services being offered by us.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information, you may at any time decline to receive such information by contacting our offices.
Website analytics
To improve your experience of our site, we may use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences.  In addition cookies may be used to service relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as AdRoll. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You may also opt-out from receiving targeted advertisements from AdRoll by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy - external site and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable Javascript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google - external site.
Kennyspring.com.au also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to "like" or "share" information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other personal information.
Updating your personal information
It is important to our relationship that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. During the course of our relationship with you we will ask you to inform us if any of your personal information has changed.
If you wish to make any changes to your personal information, you may contact us. We will generally rely on you to assist us in informing us if the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete.
Access to your personal information
We will provide you with access to your personal information we hold about you. You may request access to any of the personal information we hold about you at any time.
To access personal information that we hold about you use the contact details specified above. We may charge a fee for our costs in retrieving and supplying the information to you.
Denied access to personal information
There may be situations where we are not required to provide you with access to your personal information. For example, such a situation would be information relating to an existing or anticipated legal proceeding with you if your request is vexatious, or if we are exercising a lien due to unpaid fees.
An explanation will be provided to you if we deny you access to your personal information we hold.
Business without identifying you
In most circumstances it will be necessary for us to identify you in order to successfully do business with you, however, where it is lawful and practicable to do so, we will offer you the opportunity of doing business with us without providing us with personal information. Such a situation would be where you make general inquiries about legal services.
Where sensitive information is collected, stored, used or transferred about you, we will only use this information if you have consented or in the exercise or defence of a legal claim. Sensitive information is information relating to your , racial or ethnic origin, political persuasion, memberships in trade or professional association or trade unions, sexual preferences, criminal record or health.
How safe and secure is your personal information that we hold?
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information by storing it in a secure environment, and when the information is no longer needed for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed, it will be destroyed or permanently de-identified.
We will also take reasonable steps to protect any personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure
Further information
You may request further information about the way we manage your personal information by writing or emailing.
Change in our privacy policy
We are constantly reviewing all of our policies and attempt to keep up to date with market expectations. Technology is constantly changing, as is the law and market place practice.
As a consequence we may change this personal information and privacy policy from time to time or as the need arises.
This personal information and privacy policy came into existence on 1 May 2002, and updated on 1 August 2017.
Everyone was very friendly and responsive. Rebecca was very diligent and approachable.
M Potter & V Jennings
Aaron, Becky and Lauren were absolutely excellent - any queries or concerns I had throughout the purchase of my first property were answered and explained quickly and easily which have me peace of mind at a time where you most need it.
Ash S
Becky was delightful! Very helpful, professional and personable.
C Argent
We had an excellent experience with all the staff at Kenny Spring. Becky was exceptional throughout the entire process and allowed us to carry out this process with ease.
H Monaghan
How nice is it to hear such a friendly voice as Caitlin on the telephone, very helpful young lady.
M Armstrong
Not only was I excited that we won some tickets for the ice skating, but to find out you purchased a whole heap of tickets for homeless children as the same time was unbelievable. Any business that can go out of their way and do something so lovely for children who wouldn’t receive it otherwise is a business I’d feel proud to recommend to others. That’s awesome, great job!
Courtney K
All our contacts with the staff at Kenny Spring were polite, professional and friendly. It was always a pleasure to take their calls and we felt no hesitation in contacting them for advice!
Heidi K
Aaron and Becky were a pleasure to work with. They were extremely knowledgeable, thorough, patient, precise and with a good sense of humour. We appreciate their diligence throughout the entire process of assisting and representing us for our property process. This is my second time engaging Kenny Spring for conveyancing and I would not hesitate to engage their services again for any legal matters!
Heidi K
The team at Kenny Spring go above and beyond for their clients, and Angus and the team were able to achieve a far better than expected outcome in a legal proceeding for me. From the moment you are greeted at the door, to finalising the legal work, they make the process simple and stress free. I cannot thank the team enough and will continue to not only recommend Kenny Spring Solicitors, but use them myself.
Bree Gowland, Accountant
We needed a fast turn around with the sale of one property and the purchase of another. The team at Kenny Spring delivered on all fronts. The sale and purchase were completed without fuss and in a timely and professional manner. Thank you for your hard work - you are a pleasure to deal with, and will continue our relationship with all things legal.
Andrew Townsend, MD, A&R Promo Products
Angus Edwards and his family law team, not just did excellent legal work for me which resulted in a great outcome, but were always there for me whether it was a legal advice or simple word of assurance and support in such sensitive and very personal situation. I was very lucky to have this terrific team on my side who became a big part of my life over so many years.
Elena Cherepanova
We trust in the professional and helpful team at Kenny Spring, from property sales and acquisitions to contractual business dealings they have covered everything we have thrown at them. Our ongoing relationship gives Kenny Spring the background to act in our best interests to get the best outcome. I would have no hesitation in recommending Kenny Spring for any legal matter.
Brett Cranston, MD, Cranstons Transport
Our family has been a client of Kenny Spring for over 30 years, helping us with a wide range of family planning, property and business matters.  The team at Kenny Spring provide friendly, quality professional service rarely achieved  by any other legal firm, including some of the larger capital city legal firms  I have experienced. Their attention to detail and proactive legal advice offered is highly valued by us, especially that provided by Rachael for conveyancing matters,  Patrick with estate planning and Angus in corporate and property law.
Dr Ken Armstrong, Veterinarian, property and small business owner.