http://www.urc.org.uk/privacy-policy.html
Search ...
The United Reformed Church
Home
About Us			 About Us
Caring for Creation
Children and Youth Friendly Church Award Scheme
Church House
Marriage of same-sex couples
Ministry			 Our churches
Our Structure / Decision-making
Safeguarding
Jobs
What we believe
What is the URC?
Join the family - URC membership
Our Work
Legacies of Slavery
Children and Youth
Church Related Community Workers
Church and Society/JPIT
Commitment for life
Communications
Ecumenical relationships
Education and learning
Equalities
Fresh Expressions
Global and intercultural
Healing ministry
Inter Faith
Mission
Rural Mission
Walking the Way
News
Ministers and Office-Holders			 Ministers and Office-Holders
Assembly, Council and Committees
Archive and records
Education and training
Finances
Human Resources
Safeguarding
Ministry in the URC
Worship			 Shop
Contact Us
General
08 September 2014
08 September 2014
This privacy policy sets out how the United Reformed Church uses and protects any information that you give the United Reformed Church when you use this website.
The United Reformed Church is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The United Reformed Church may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 08/09/2014
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online as best as we possibly can.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed on your computer by your browser.
Cookies allow web sites and applications to respond to you as an individual. The web site can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
They can also help us build an analytical picture of the site and how it is performing.
We use session cookies to manage your movement between pages, handle logins and to help with site searches. These are removed when you leave the site and are essential to the running of the site. These typically have the site web address as their name.
We use analytical cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and general visitor behaviour on our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and it does not contain any personally identifiable information and in no way gives us access to any files on your computer. These usually have names such as UTMA, UTMB, UTMC, UTMZ
You can choose to delete individual cookies or block them entirely at any time by going to the settings in your browser. There is a guide on how to manage cookies here. Note that if you disable cookies altogether then this may cause functionality issues on this and other websites.
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at urc@urc.org.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us here
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Share this article
EasyCookieInfo
Back to top