http://www.cscsisters.org/policy/
Search for:
Our Mission
Global Ministries
Blessed Basil Anthony Moreau
Holy Cross General Administration
Justice and Peace
Corporate Stands
Corporate Stand on Migration
Take Action!
Joining in Solidarity
Vocations
International Novitiate
Vocation Coordinators
Support Us
Donate Now
Order a Remembrance Card
Stay in touch
Website Legal Policy
Purpose and PolicyThis Website (the “Site”) is controlled by the Congregation of the Sisters of the Holy Cross (the “Congregation”) and meant to provide the public with convenient and efficient access to information about the Congregation and its ministries. In order to provide users with this information, the Site may contain links to other websites or computer sites that are not owned, regularly reviewed or controlled by the Congregation. The Congregation’s policy relevant to providing external links is described below. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Website Legal Policy. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, please exit the Site immediately.CopyrightWhile the Congregation makes the information on the Site publicly available, we retain all rights, including copyright, in all text, graphic images, videos, and other content on the Site (the “Content”). You may print one copy of the information for your own personal use. However, you may not otherwise copy, display, distribute or modify the Content or “mirror” the Content on your server without our express written permission. To request permission for additional duplication of content and related materials, please contact communications@cscsisters.org.Privacy StatementThe Congregation respects the privacy of your personal information. Information collected from web forms is safeguarded, secure and not disclosed outside of the Congregation or its affiliates. This Site uses Google Analytics to help us analyze how visitors use the Site and help us make improvements to the Site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your device, when you visit the Site. Cookies are sent back to our Website to allow us to recognize your device. This information is used to compile statistical reports about activity on the Site.Unless you disable the cookies on the Site, by using our Website you agree to our use of those cookies.DisclaimerThe Congregation has made every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information provided on the Site. Such information has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice from the Congregation.The Congregation does not warrant or make any representations as to the quality, content, accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, videos, links or other items contained on the Site or any other website. This information and content is provided without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, non-infringement or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or otherwise, other than those warranties which are incapable of exclusion, restriction or modification under applicable law. Under no circumstances shall the Congregation, our affiliates or our licensors be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the Site or from information provided on the Site. This limitation applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or any other basis, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, our liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.External LinksThe Congregation has created links to external websites in the hope that users will find reference material and information on Congregation-related subjects. www.cscsisters.org is a portal of information about the Congregation. We provide external links to assist friends of the Congregation. Neither these sites, nor any content available through links to and from them, are screened, reviewed or endorsed by the Congregation. Additionally, the Congregation is not responsible for the privacy practices, activities or content of such independent sites.The inclusion of these links should not be construed as an endorsement or sponsorship of these external websites, their content, viewpoints, products, services or their hosts. Additionally, the Congregation shall not be liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. The Congregation specifically disavows legal responsibility for what a user may find on another site or for the personal opinions of individuals posted on any site, whether or not operated by the Congregation. The views and opinions of the authors of documents published on or linked to the Site do not necessarily state or reflect the opinion, policy or position of the Congregation.Contact UsIf you have any concerns or questions about our Site or the Website Legal Policy, please contact us at communications@cscsisters.org.