http://www.keweenawuu.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
Keweenaw Unitarian Universalist Fellowship office@keweenawuu.org
(906) 482-5586
Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 276
Houghton, MI 49931
Office:
Trinity Church Episcopal Rear Annex
(enter from upper parking lot)
203 E. Montezuma Ave.
Houghton, MI 49931
Directions
Services:
Sunday at 10:30 am
BHK Child Development Center
(enter from Waterworks Drive)
700 Park Ave.
Houghton, MI 49931
Directions
Keweenaw Unitarian Universalist Fellowship
An Inclusive Religious Community in Michigan's Upper Peninsula
Facebook Twitter Instagram
Calendar
Search
GIVE
Contact
Online Services Sunday at 10:30am
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Keweenaw Unitarian Universalist Fellowship, referred to in this policy as “we”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: office@keweenawuu.org.
We are available to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person. We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, address, phone number, and email address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and javascript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please email us at office@keweenawuu.org.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than Keweenaw Unitarian Universalist Fellowship. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Upcoming ServiceGood Food, Healthy Eating: A Balanced Approach to NutritionDecember 13, 2020, 10:30amMeghan JaszczakHave you wondered ‘Am I eating the right food?’  Meghan Jaszczak brings a grounded and realistic view to incorporating healthy eating habits into your lifestyle. Topics discussed include: diet vs. nutrition, metabolism, diet trends, fundamental components of nutrition, habits that can make a difference, and setting … read more.
EventsCoffee Klatch
Friday, December 11, 2020, 10:00 AM
DVD Study Group
Friday, December 11, 2020, 11:00 AM
Forum
Sunday, December 13, 2020, 10:30 AM
Meditation Group
Monday, December 14, 2020, 10:30 AM
Gratitude Group
Monday, December 14, 2020, 5:15 PM
Email address:
First Name
Last Name
Subscribe to:
KUUF Digest (weekly)
Leave this field empty if you're human:
© 2020 Keweenaw Unitarian Universalist Fellowship
Facebook Twitter Instagram
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
InSpirit UU Books & Gifts
Call Now
Directions