http://www.cbtpublications.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.cbtpublications.com, www.calendarsbytat.com and www.spiritualjourneylife.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact form on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit any information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We do not collect sensitive information for any reason. Only employees are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment at www.BlueHost.com.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Search for:
Search
Blog Categories
Anger
Dream
Hearing from God
Journey
Maturity
Prayer
Prophecy
Significant Event
Symptoms
Walking With Others
Find
About CBT Publications
Blog
Calendars
Contact Us
Home
Journey Help
Privacy Policy
Reflections
The Spiritual Journey