http://www.salvationarmy.org.uk/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy statement
Breadcrumb
Home
>
Privacy statement
The information below describes how The Salvation Army manages your personal information in accordance with the law and your rights. It does not cover every situation so please read notices on forms, web pages or other points where you give us information about yourself. These will describe the specific uses we make of the information, the reasons and legal basis for holding it as well as your rights. The term Salvation Army is used to cover several corporate bodies.
Information we may hold about you and why
This could include:
in general, information you give us when you fill in forms, subscribe to our services, (such as publications, sponsorship, or to attend events) and email newsletters.
to support you when you use any of our services for example, at our lifehouses (hostels), centres and corps (churches).
when you apply for a job or to volunteer with us, including to process applications and to monitor recruitment statistics. If you come to work for us we will retain it to administer your employment including your pension.
information relevant to being a Salvation Army officer, chaplain, or member at one of our corps (churches). To support you in your spiritual life.
to manage feedback and complaints.
when you apply for officer training to assess your suitability and support your training.
information we hold about you to support our fundraising operations.
to ensure the security of our premises and protect our people from possible criminal behaviour.
to protect individuals where current or potential future safeguarding concerns may arise.
Fundraising
We may use your information in our legitimate interests to support our charitable work, or where we contact you by electronic means, with your consent, to:
process any donations you make.
send you information about The Salvation Army and its work and how you can support us. We may do this by post, email, or text, where you have given permission or we may serve you adverts on social media.
help manage our communications with you by sharing it with our contractors working on our behalf to process donations and send communications.
build a picture of our supporters and help identify other similar potential donors to target our advertising to. In doing this we may share it with The Salvation Army’s contractors but you will not be identified (for example, any data we send to social media is in an unidentifiable form).
ascertain whether you might like to support us if you are a personal charitable trust or foundation or interested in philanthropic giving. We may use publically available information about you to do this (for example websites or social media). We will always contact you first to see if you are happy to receive fundraising messages.
We use Google Analytics and similar technology to understand what aspects of our work people are interested in supporting. Information is collected anonymously and you will not be identified by it.
Information we collect on the website: Including the IP address of your computer, to:
help keep our site safe and secure.
help us diagnose faults with the website.
ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. See cookies.
to understand how users make use of our website, using Google Analytics and similar technology allowing us to improve it. Information collected using Google Analytics is collected anonymously and you will not be identified by it.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We may share your personal information:
with our contractors who carry out work on our behalf.
where we are under a legal obligation to disclose or share your information.
in some circumstances we may disclose information or undertake monitoring of potentially criminal behaviour under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act.
Transferring information abroad
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored and processed outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We will ensure that measures are in place to ensure that it is managed in compliance with Data Protection Law.
How long do we keep your information?
As long as necessary for the purpose/s it was collected for. This will vary depending on the type of information, legal requirements or other justifications permitted by Data Protection Law. We have an Information Retention Policy which sets out retention periods. In some cases we may keep information indefinitely for safeguarding reasons where we believe there is a potential risk to individuals. If you opt-out from fundraising communications we keep your information only to ensure we don’t inadvertently contact you. We keep information about Salvation Army officers and their careers for historical and research purposes.
Does the law allow this?
Data Protection law including the General Data Protection Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 sets out the principles we must adhere to and other conditions which must be satisfied. Forms, webpages or other places where you submit information will describe how the particular use complies with the law. If you have any queries, please contact the Head of Privacy and Data Protection.
Your Rights
You have the right to:
ask us not to process your personal information for fundraising or our marketing of The Salvation Army. If you wish to do this, please contact the Supporter Care Team.
see copies of information held about you. Please send your request in writing to Head of Privacy and Data Protection You may wish to use this form. Please include copies of two forms of ID. We will respond as soon as possible and not longer than one month from receipt.
ask us to amend, update or delete your information in some circumstances or withdraw consent to our processing of your information for particular purposes by contacting the Head of Privacy and Data Protection.
If you are unhappy with the way we are managing your personal information please contact the Head of Privacy and Data Protection. If you are still unhappy you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Who to contact
For queries about this privacy statement or any other data protection issues, please contact the Head of Privacy and Data Protection, data.protection@salvationarmy.org.uk or by post at The Salvation Army, 101 Newington Causeway, London SE1 6BN.
For fundraising queries contact the Supporter Care Team on 020 7367 4800; email fr@salvationarmy.org.uk or by post, The Salvation Army, 101 Newington Causeway, London SE1 6BN;
Other contacts
Information Commissioner’s Office (UK)
Wycliffe House
Water Lane Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF
or if you are in the Republic of Ireland,
Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House
Station Road
Portarlington R32 AP23 Co. Laois
Who we are
The Salvation Army Trustee Company acting jointly in its capacity as trustee of either The Salvation Army Trust (Central Funds) or The Salvation Army Social Work Trust. Depending on the use of your data, either of these Trusts may be responsible. Our registered office is at 101 Newington Causeway, London SE1 6BN and for the Republic of Ireland, The Salvation Army (Republic of Ireland) 114 Marlborough Street, Dublin 1.
Our good work direct to your inbox
We'd love to stay in touch. Let us know your details below to receive emails about our work, fundraising activities and appeals.
- Select -MrMrsMissMsDrReverend