https://www.povertylaw.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
close
Issues
Advocate Networks
Advocate Training
Our Impact
Get Involved
About Us
Search
Donate
facebook twitter instagram
Search
facebook twitter instagram
Donate
Search mobile
Search mobile
Submit
Issues
Advocate Networks
Advocate Training
Our Impact
Get Involved
About Us
Search
Privacy Policy
The Shriver Center on Poverty Law is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about the type of information we collect when you visit povertylaw.org (“our website”) and to explain the manner in which we collect, store, maintain and protect that information.
Information we collect
When you visit our website you may provide us with three types of information: personal information you voluntarily disclose through website features, aggregate or statistical use information collected as you browse our website, and information you voluntarily provide whenever communicating electronically with us.
Personal Information
We offer a number of features through our website for your convenience such as registration forms, donation forms, and contact forms. Whenever you choose to use these features, you may disclose “personal information” including your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, and preferences. In order to serve you, we collect and store this personal information on an individual basis. We do not collect any credit card information through our website. Credit card payments are processed externally through a third-party vendor which ensures the security and confidentiality of your financial information.
Website Use Information
Our website utilizes standard technology to read and write “cookies” and to generate web server logs. These technologies collect information about your use of our website. This information may include the date and time of visits, your internet protocol address, the pages you view on our site, time you spent at our website, information about your web browser and operating system, and location of the website visited just before our website. None of this information is directly associated with any personal information you provide to us, and we make no attempt to relate such information to your personal information.
Other Electronic Communication
If you send us any electronic communication, including e-mail, we may retain your e-mail message together with your email address and our responses.
How We Use That Information
We use personal information and information obtained by electronic communication solely for our own organizational activities and our interactions with you.
We will not sell, rent, or lease any of your personal information.
We may use the aggregate or statistical website use information for security and maintenance purposes to improve our website and to better serve our visitors.
How We Protect That Information
Because we value your privacy, we are dedicated to protecting the personal information you provide to us by adhering to the following procedures.
Our Business Practices
We routinely monitor our business practices for compliance with this policy and any other procedures regarding security, confidentiality, and accuracy of our information.
Access to Information
We limit our employees’ access to your personal information, and we restrict any use or disclosure of personal information to authorized individuals, processes, or transactions.
Required Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Sharing Information with Outside Parties
All of our service providers share our concern for privacy. Any service providers with access to your information are subject to reasonable obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure.
In general, our service providers do not have access to your personal information, and we do not share any personal information with them. However, from time to time, during the course of normal business activities, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information.
Revising This Agreement
This privacy statement was last updated in August 2012. Our website, the Internet and the law are all constantly changing and, as a result, we may revise this Privacy Policy in order to respond to those changes. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on our website.
How You Can Reach Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact Michelle Nicolet, Shriver Center Marketing Director.
67 E. Madison St., Suite 2000
Chicago, IL 60603
phone: (312) 263-3830
IssuesAdvocate NetworksAdvocate TrainingOur ImpactGet InvolvedAbout UsContact UsDonatePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Sign Up
To receive the latest news and information from the Shriver Center
facebook twitter instagram