https://www.vumc.org/infoprivacysecurity/25877
Information Privacy and Security
Home
Privacy Office
Security Office
People Finder
Referring Providers
Locations and Parking
A-Z Index
Patient and Visitor Information
My Health at Vanderbilt
Vanderbilt University Medical Center
Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
Vanderbilt University
Research
For Patients and Visitors
Resources for Employees and Researchers
VanderbiltHealth.com
Patients and Visitors go to:
×
Pay Your Bill
Select the date you received service so we can correctly redirect you:
On or before November 1, 2017
On November 2, 2017 or after
If you would like to speak with a customer service representative, you can reach them at (888) 274-7849 between the hours of 8:00am-5:00pm cst.
The latest COVID-19 information from VUMC.
Information Privacy and Security
HomePrivacy Office Security Offic...
Communication with Family and Others about Your Care and Permission to See your Medical Record
Request an Amendment to Health Information
Request a Restriction of Your Health Information
Contact the Privacy Office to Receive an Accounting of Disclosures
Contact the Privacy Office to File a Privacy Complaint
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Privacy Practices (English)
Aviso de las Prácticas de Privacidad (En Español)
The HIPAA Privacy Rule mandates that health care providers distribute a Notice of Privacy Practices to all patients.  This document outlines how protected health information about an individual may be used and disclosed and under what circumstances specific authorization from the individual may not be required. The Notice of Privacy Practices also describes the HIPAA defined patient rights related to use and disclosure of the individual's health information.
Since the Notice must only be provided once, an electronic system has been developed to track the delivery of this notice by having the patient sign an Acknowledgement Form that confirms that they received a copy of the Notice of Privacy Practices.  This system has been integrated with Epic and Medipac and allows staff checking in patients to identify whether or not that patient checking in would require the Notice and when to document that it has been provided.  Any questions about the Notice may be directed to the Privacy Office at (615) 936-3594 or Privacy.Office@vumc.org
The Privacy Rule provides that an individual has a right to adequate notice of how Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC) may use and disclose protected health information about the individual, as well as his or her rights and VUMC’s obligations with respect to that information. When there is a significant update to a NPP we must inform our patients each time.
HomePrivacy Office Security Offic...
×
Request an Appointments
If you are having a medical emergency, call 911 or seek emergency medical help immediately.
We will contact you within one business day to review your appointment request.