http://www.firstcoastweddings.com/policies
Real Weddings
Services
Our Process
Wedding Management
Partial Wedding Planning
Complete Wedding Planning
About Us
Testimonials
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy / Terms & Conditions of UseFirst Coast Weddings and Events is committed to protecting your privacy. By using our website, you agree to the terms and conditions below. Information you voluntarily submit via our website, such as your name, email address and phone number, will only be used to contact you regarding services provided by First Coast Weddings and Events. We will not share this information with any third parties unless we specifically request your permission. Your information will not be sold or rented to outside parties.We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.This website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or policies of these websites.All content, including images and text, are owned by First Coast Weddings and Events, Inc. or the credited copyright holder. Content may not be republished in any way, including use on other websites or social media, without written consent. Use of copyrighted material is a violation of federal law and anyone found violating this policy may be prosecuted to the fullest extent permissible. Our website may use cookies or other tracking software to personalize your experience on our site. This information may include the type of browser you use, the type of computer you use, and other technical information. We use Google Analytics to tell us where our website visitors find us, and which pages are most popular. For more information about Should you wish to find out more about these cookies, you can do so here: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usageThis site is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, contact us immediately at info@firstcoastweddings.com.
follow us on instagram @Firstcoastwedd