http://www.cic-wildlife.org/divisions/policy-law/core-working-fields/hunting-laws-and-policies/
Primary Menu
Who We Are
The CIC
Organizational Structure
Membership
Membership Structure
Sponsorship Programme
News About Members
The Beginnings
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CIC Headquarters
General Assemblies
Awards & Prizes
Committee
Markhor Award
Hunting in Art Prize
Communications Prize
Wildlife Photo Prize
Divisions
APPLIED SCIENCE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Big Game
Small game
Migratory Species
Wildlife Diseases
Wildlife Resource Economics
Crop & Livestock Production Systems and Wildlife
Trophy Evaluation
POLICY & LAW
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting Laws and Policies
Multilateral Agreements
Weapons, Ammunition and Cross-border Movement
CULTURE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting in Art
Falconry
Traditional Hunting
Way of life
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CROSS-DIVISION ACTIVITIES
CPW
WICAC
Young opinion
Structure, Contacts
Activities
News About YO
Artemis Club
Structure, Contacts
News about Artemis Club
Partners
FAO
UNESCO
UNEP
IUCN
OIE
AEWA
CITES
CMS
CBD
FACE
ELO
IAF
CEU
CIC representations at other partners’ meetings
Collection of Other Partners’ Website
Media
Recent News
Publications
CIC Magazine
African Indaba
CIC Video Channel
Technical Series in English
Technical Series in German
Technical Series in French
Technical Series in Russian
Other CIC Publications
Publications by CIC Members
Trophy Evaluation
About the TES
The Handbook
Medals and certificates
CIC International Gold Medal
National Medals
STJ and CCM network
Frequently asked questions
The impact of laws and policies on the act of hunting vary greatly. The PLD aims to promote laws and policies which meet the interests of the hunting community and in particular, which are supportive of and encourage the sustainable use of wildlife as a means of conserving biodiversity.
The effectiveness and implementation of hunting legislation strongly influence both the success of wildlife conservation through sustainable use but also the public opinions towards hunting. Whilst the non-hunting public often has a higher regard for well-thought out and well-regulated hunting, the opposite is true where hunting legislation is practically inexistent, absent or poorly implemented and regulated. Outcomes of poorly regulated and unsustainable hunting can include a reduction in wildlife numbers, conflicts with other land-users, damage to environment and quite simply a bad image for hunting as a whole. In this regard, the PLD of the CIC wishes to share the best practices in hunting legislation from around the world in order to help improve hunting regulations in countries where there are deficiencies but also to help design brand new legislation in countries without any. One tool in order to assist in this process is a joint CIC-FAO initiative entitled WildlifeLex. This is intended to serve as an online database of national hunting legislations and best practices in the regulation of hunting.
The CIC, together with FAO, have also published jointly a technical series which addresses wildlife and conservation issues. As well as wildlife management laws, topics range from economic development and tourism, to sustainable hunting. Some volumes are published in Russian, French and German.
In addition, the PLD of the CIC is seeking to cooperate closely with the authorities and organisations dealing with wildlife crime in order reduce the illegal and unsustainable use of wildlife and to discourage poaching and illegal trade of species. Possible partners include members of the CPW such as CITES and TRAFFIC but importantly also INTERPOL, the world’s largest international police organization, with 190 member countries and with the Wildlife Crime Working Group.
The CIC and FACE have compiled a list, by country, ... Read more UPDATES FROM NATIONAL CIC DELEGATIONS and/or FACE MEMBER ASSOCIATIONS
DISCLOSER: Neither ... Read more On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom of Great Britain ... Read more WWF revised its position on Trophy Hunting that was approved ... Read more The International Council for Game and Wildlife Conservation (CIC) and ... Read more The CIC is present at the Save Wildlife: Act Now ... Read more The Dutch Secretary of State for Economic Affairs, Ms. Sharon ... Read more The International Council for Game and Wildlife Conservation (CIC), a ... Read more South African Hunters and Game Conservation Association SAHGCA Selective Breeding ... Read more
CIC VIDEO CHANNEL
Tweets
Facebook
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. [cookie_settings] [cookie_button] [cookie_reject] [cookie_link]Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Save & Accept