http://www.frontrunners.org/EN/about/privacy.php
Home
Find a Club
About IFR
Mission Statement and Constitution
Who We Are
The First Front Runner Club
Organizing IFR
New Club Startup Packet
Announcements
Calendar
Meetings
Contacts
Steering Committee
Regional Representatives
Help
Club Login
EN
DE
EN
ES
FR
International Front Runners Privacy Statement
International Front Runners has created this privacy statement in order
to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.frontrunners.org.
International Front Runners feels very strongly that private information
should remain private. We will never willfully disclose personally identifiable
information about our users to any third party without first receiving that
user's permission.
What Information We Gather On This Site:
IP Address
International Front Runners's web servers and forms on the web gather your
IP address to help diagnose problems with our service, to administer our
site, and to gather broad demographic information.
Online Surveys
At times, International Front Runners may run online surveys asking for
specific contact or demographic information. These surveys are always optional.
Aggregate results of surveys may be posted on this website.
Online Forums/Message Boards, Email lists, Polls
International Front Runners provides many venues for website visitor interaction
and community, including online forums and message boards, online polls,
and other tools. The aggregate result of polls may be shared on this website.
Users may have the ability to publish certain personal information (e.g.,
name, email address, Front Runner club affiliation) on the International
Front Runners service. In all cases, users publish this information by opting-in.
User Feedback
International Front Runners stores feedback visitors send to us. This feedback
is used to administer and refine the International Front Runners service,
and, at times, may be shared with International Front Runners partners either
in aggregate form or with specific identifying characteristics (e.g., email
address, name) removed.
Off-Site Links
International Front Runners provides links to other sites. International
Front Runners is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of
these external websites.
Your Private Online Communications
International Front Runners believes that visitors' private communications
in online forums/message boards, email and other online conversations should
remain confidential. International Front Runners does not disclose private
communications unless ordered to do so through a valid legal mechanism such
as a search warrant, subpoena or court order, to protect our rights and property,
or during emergencies when we believe physical safety is at risk. Please
remember that what you write or post in public areas such as email and online
forums boards is available to all International Front Runners website visitors,
and in many cases, other visitors to the International Front Runners site.
Also, keep in mind that International Front Runners is not responsible for
what other users may do with private communications you've had with them.
Delete/Deactivate Information
International Front Runners gives users the following options for removing
their information from our database:
You can send email to infofrontrunnersorg.
Please be sure to include your email address and name.
International Front Runners is not responsible for removing information
from third-party lists or databases that users have previously authorized
us to share with.
Change/Modify Information
International Front Runners gives users the following options for changing
or modifying information previously provided:
Send email to infofrontrunnersorg.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us at:
Via email: infofrontrunnersorg
© 1995-2020 International Front Runners. Legal notices. Privacy statement.