https://www.uslegalforms.com/delete-my-account/
You are requesting deletion of your account with us.
As a result, your Personal Data and Files stored in the account will be permanently removed from our Services in
accordance with our Privacy Policy, subject to the exceptions explained in that policy and below. Where we
cannot easily delete the data, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to anonymize Personal Data or destroy
any relevant encryption keys, so rendering your Files inaccessible. Deleting your account will not delete copies
of the documents that you shared with or that are stored in the accounts of other third-party users of the
Services.
Furthermore, we will contact certain third parties to whom any of your Personal Data was disclosed in accordance
with our Privacy Policy, including payment processors and third-party add-on services providers, if any, to
request deletion of your Personal Data held by them. As a result, we will no longer be able to charge/credit
your account.
To the extent that you have connected our Services to your accounts on third-party systems (e.g. file storage,
Google, or CRMs), you will need to contact such third parties to delete your Personal Data or Files from their
systems.
We will retain your deletion request for our records, your email address for communication and auditing of
compliance with your request, a record of authentication to ensure validity for electronic signature
regulations, and your inclusion on our opt-out list to prevent future communications being sent to you by us for
marketing or similar purposes.
We may also retain personal data where permitted or required under applicable laws, such as information that we
cannot verify belongs to you or that is necessary to complete a transaction that you initiated.
Please be aware that by deleting your account you are forfeiting remaining use of your subscription and any right
for refund.
If you have any questions regarding the consequences of deleting your account, please email
privacy@airslate.com.
---
If you want to delete your account data, please fill your email and submit the form: