http://www.reach-out.org/termsprivacysitemap/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Ministry Overview
At-A-Glance
Values
Statement of Faith
Team
Connect with Barry
Global
Global View
Cuba
East Africa
Germany
Global Youth Coalition
Middle East
Russia
Translations
Ukraine
Contact
Donate
Login
Youth Leaders
Strategy
Vision
REfocus
Discover
Host
Schedule
Communicate
Register
Prepare
Coaching
Coaching Options
Forum
Ministry Assessment
Leader Retreats
Parent's Coaching
Missions Experience
Eagle Leaders
Defined
Engaged
Connected
JFYM Registration Form
JFYM Forum Payment
Parents
Resources
Leader's Training
Experience Groups
Free Downloads
Students
LIFEchange(r)s
Top 10
Free Resources
Supporters
Pray, Give, Go
Pray
Give
Go
Resources
Shop
Free Resources
Print Downloads
Audio Downloads
Video Messages
Radio Interviews
Articles
Ministry Updates
Links
Translations
Flickr
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
Menu
About
Global
Contact
Donate
Login
Youth Leaders
Parents
Students
Supporters
Resources
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Reach Out Youth Solutions (ROYS) is committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to our ministry online. ROYS provides this online privacy policy to inform you of the way your information is collected and used as well as to make you aware of our security practices.
Information We Collect
There are five different ways in which we collect information from visitors on our Website:
From online requests for information (i.e. email newsletters, contact forms, etc.);
From online program registration (i.e. Jesus-Focused Youth Ministry Forum);
From online program evaluation (i.e. Jesus-Focused Youth Ministry Measurement Tool);
From online request for materials from our organization (i.e. free resources or purchases); and
From online donations.
The information we collect online includes name, address, city, state, ZIP/postal code, telephone number, email address, and, in the case of donations or online shopping, credit card number and expiration date. For monthly recurring donations, supporters have the option for using a checking account.
How the Information is Used
ROYS uses your information to provide better online service. We may use your information to complete a transaction, issue you an income tax receipt for a donation, or personalize our Website for you. If you so desire, we may also use this information to update you on ministry projects and activities. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for any other purposes.
We may periodically send you email announcing news and event information. If you choose to supply your postal address in an online form, you may receive mailings from us as well.
No Sharing of Personal Information
ROYS never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. ROYS assures you that the identity of all who contact us through this Website will be kept confidential.
Security
ROYS is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. ROYS uses Internet Encryption Software, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Any information you enter is encrypted at your browser, sent over the public Internet in encrypted form, and then de-encrypted at our server. Purchases and donations online are protected and monitored for security by Security Metrics Credit Card Safe. Reach Out maintains a score of “excellent” with every security scan of the system.
Cookies
No software or hardware techniques are employed to capture a visitor’s email address or other personally identifiable information. Reach Out does not monitor individual traffic patterns on our Website, and we do not use “cookies” or invisible images to track how you use our Website. Our hosting company may collect anonymous, aggregate information or statistics related to Website usage. These statistics indicate the total number of hits, the total number of page hits, the number of kilobytes transferred from our Website, and the IP address of the visitor.
Links to Outside Sites
This Website links to documents located on Websites maintained by other organizations or individuals. Once you access a link to another Website, please be aware that ROYS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
Removing Your Name from Our Mailing List
We give you the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list so that you do not receive any future communications from our ministry. If you desire to permanently remove your name and receive no further communication for ROYS, you can email info@reach-out.org. If you determine that our information about you is inaccurate or it has changed, you may modify information by sending an email to info@reach-out.org.
Contacting Us
If you have comments or questions about our online privacy policy, please send an email to info@reach-out.org. For all other questions, please contact us.
Terms/Privacy/Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Support
Home
Terms
Privacy
Sitemap
Support
© 2020, Reach Out Youth SolutionsA 501(c)3 Non-Profit Corporation.All Rights Reserved.
Newsletter