http://www.warc.net/centers-of-help/
Centers of Help
Here, we’ve listed a few biggest Adderall addiction treatment
centers in the United States. While these are all well-recommended facilities,
we encourage you to do your own research and speak to your doctor as well.
The Arizona
Addiction Recovery Center
The Arizona Addiction Recovery Center takes a multi-disciplinary
approach to addiction treatment and offers a variety of services from
early-intervention counseling to inpatient treatment to ongoing recovery
support. They accept a large number of insurers and also have a variety of
financing options available. They have one location, in Scottsdale.
Pinnacle Peak
Recovery
Pinnacle Peak Recovery, also located in Scottsdale, provides
treatment options that include outpatient, group therapy, cognitive-behavioral
therapy, and inpatient treatment. They emphasize dual-diagnosis treatment,
which means treating underlying mental health issues that may lead to addictive
behavior, along with traditional medical and psychological treatment. They
accept many insurance plans.
Continuum
Recovery Drug Treatment Center
Continuum Recovery Drug Treatment Center is located in Phoenix and
provides both inpatient and outpatient programs, as well as group meetings. In
addition to taking a holistic approach to treatment, they also encourage 12-Step
participation as part of inpatient treatment and help to ease their patients’
release process with a comprehensive job program that ensures patients are
employed when they leave treatment. They accept several insurance plans.
America’s
Rehab Campus
For people looking for treatment in the Tucson area, America’s
Rehab Campuses provides inpatient therapy, as well as outpatient treatment.
Their programs include traditional medical treatment, 12-Step programs, and
on-campus job search support. Payment options include most significant
insurers, as well as TRICARE for military and military families, CHIP for
children under 18 years of age, Indian Health Service for Native Americans, and
zero percent financing for individuals in financial distress.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Adderall and Weight Loss: Does It Make You Lose Weight?
How Long Does Adderall Stay In Your System?
Adderall Quitting Info
The Dangerous Cocktail Of Adderall And Alcohol
What Is Adderall?
Categories
Adderall Abuse
Adderall Among Students
Adderall Withdrawal
My Blog
Risk of Adderall
Archives
April 2020
October 2019
April 2019
March 2019
January 2019
December 2018
Home
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy