http://www.ibc-hamburg.de/meta/legal/privacy
×
Christmas Eve Service (24.12.) Informations
Pre-Registration required until 23.12.
More
×
Sunday Service Informations
Pre-Registration required. Please read the instructions.
More
×
Sunday Livestream and other online services available
Also weekly blog, study materials for Kids & Parents, bible studies group, prayer meetings
More
FEG Holstenwall
IBC Hamburg
Iglesia Hispana
Privacy
IBC Hamburg
Home
Privacy
IBC Hamburg Policy on Data Protection
1. IBC Hamburg uses personal data only for the purposes as requested and consented
2. IBC Hamburg does not provide personal data to third parties.
3. IBC Hamburg stores personal data in such a way that it is only accessible to authorized individuals (e.g. IBC administration including administrator of IBC Directory). The IBC Directory on the other hand is available to anyone who is already registered in the IBC Hamburg directory.
4. Official IBC communication takes place via the following means:
e-mail
letters
IBC Hamburg website
verbal notices during official IBC meetings
hand-outs at official IBC meetings
pinboards
5. IBC Hamburg does not use social media tools such as Whatsapp and Facebook as a means for official communication. Any use of these tools between individuals within the IBC community is understood to take place on a private and voluntary basis and according to the data protection policies of the respective social media platforms.
6. IBC Hamburg is required to delete an individual’s personal data from its database when
(Case 1) the individual is not a regular attendee of IBC and has provided personal data solely for the purpose of receiving information from IBC, but then shows no further interest in attending the church.
(Case 2) the individual used to be a regular attendee of IBC but then 1.) no longer attends the church for an extended period of time (e.g. 2 years), and 2.) repeated efforts undertaken to notify the individual of the pending deletion by e-mail and/or phone have proven unsuccessful.
Cookie Usage
We use cookies for:
Forms (Contact-Form etc. to remember your session)
Notification-Bell (to remember and hide news Items you already have seen since x days or you have dismissed or since last visit)
Announcements (to remember and hide important news you already have seen since x days or since last visit)
Alerts (to remember and hide event notifications you already have seen since x days or you have dismissed)
Cookie-Consent (to remember if you have dismissed the hint)
Matomo-Tracking (Registration of clicks and behaviour on the website in order to optimize the website. It's complete anonymous, only generic device information like screen-size, operating system, language etc. are tracked. The IP-Address is tracked semi-masked, e.g. 123.12.xx.xx instead of 123.12.123.123. Below you can OptOut if you want).
Matomo-Tracking Opt-Out
Do you have questions?
Write us a message!
Contact