http://www.schwimmerlegal.com/category/advertising
Skip to content
Plaintiff extracts spring water. One defendant allegedly extracts well water, which it misrepresents as spring water to other defendants, who are bottlers, and who also misrepresent the water as spring water. Applying Lexmark, court holds that bottler defendants’ alleged false statements do not proximately injury plaintiff (as opposed to the false statements by extractor defendant,  […]
Let’s see. Oxford Press sent me a review copy of Bill Patry’s new book (I should get around to reading it). A law firm marketing company sent me a book about law firm marketing, then asked me to plug one of their seminars, which I didn’t. MR HAPPY CRACK sent me a MR HAPPY CRACK […]
We solicit comment on the relationship between the Commission’s sponsorship identification rules and increasing industry reliance on embedded advertising techniques. Due, in part, to recent technological changes that allow consumers to more readily bypass commercial content, content providers may be turning to more subtle and sophisticated means of incorporating commercial messages into traditional programming. As […]
American’s sweetheart advertising lawyer, Myka Todman, notes the class action against the show “Deal Or No Deal” and, as luck is the residue of good legal advice, advises us as follows: The state Supreme Court in Georgia is hearing a class action law suit against NBC Universal and the producers of the hit show “Deal […]
WSJ: “Provocative Lawyer Advertising: Fair or Foul? To a large degree, the story focuses on Florida. The Sunshine State prohibits slogans, jingles and “manipulative” visual depictions, among many other no-no’s. The Florida bar also has a thing about certain animals. Pit bulls are verboten (as was the advertisement pictured), and the bar has also stricken […]
This Week In Law: Denise Howell and the TWIL gang interview Mark Britton, CEO of Avvo, the new lawyer rating service.
New online advertising blog INSIDE CHATTER by ZDNET veteran Donna Bogatin.
A NY-based web company put something cool on the web and I thought “it must be fun to work with those people, I wonder who does their TM work.” Some research suggested that perhaps no one was yet. Now, if this was a year ago, I could send an email to the GC or CEO […]
IHT: “Billboard ban in Sao Paulo Angers Advertisers”
CBS4Denver: “Makers Of Enviga Drink Face False Advertising Suit“: Health watchdog group sues makers of ENVIGA drink for negative calorie claim for green tea extract/caffeinated beverage.
Posts navigation
1
2
3
Older posts