https://www.esrb.org/privacy/
ESRB Privacy CertifiedA full-service, annual membership privacy consulting and seal program for websites, mobile apps, and internet-connected products.
Click To Learn MoreThe Privacy Certified Seal demonstrates members’ voluntary compliance with our rigorous program requirements.For online services directed to children, the Privacy Certified Kids Seal demonstrates members’ compliance with our FTC-approved COPPA Safe Harbor program.Program ServicesMembers of the ESRB Privacy Certified program proudly display our seals to demonstrate their compliance with online and mobile privacy protection laws. COPPA Safe HarborThe Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has approved the Privacy Certified program as a Safe Harbor under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), which helps shield our members from potential sanctions and fines. GDPR & Privacy Shield FrameworksWe provide guidance to our members on privacy laws and regulations outside the U.S., including the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We also help members apply for certification under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, which are administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Individualized ConsultingWe work hand-in-hand with our members to create a privacy-by-design approach that meets their individual and unique business needs. Monitoring and ReportingWe conduct regular reviews and random spot checks of member websites and apps, enabling us to identify potential privacy issues on an ongoing basis and to work with members to address them quickly and effectively. Identity Verification ServicesIn exclusive partnership with Veratad Technologies, our members can access identity and age verification authentication solutions at special discounted rates. Such services can be used when obtaining parental consent under COPPA and to reduce the risk of fraud or theft of service.Interested in becoming a member?Contact UsFeatured Blog PostCalifornia Goes Beyond COPPA to Protection Children’s PrivacyOn July 1, 2020, the California Attorney General will begin to enforce the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) under which California residents benefit from the most expansive privacy protections in the United States. As an FTC-approved Safe Harbor program under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), I am most interested in the protections afforded […] Read the Full Story
View Our Blog
“According to a recent survey, upwards of 70% of parents with children 15 and younger that play mobile, online, and console video games said they would be much more comfortable allowing their kids to play if an ESRB Privacy Certified Seal is displayed.” - Hart Research Associates, 2018Terms of UsePrivacy Policy © 2020 Entertainment Software Association. The ESRB rating icons are registered trademarks of the Entertainment Software Association. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All Rights Reserved.
We have updated our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review it and let us know if you have any questions.Ok