http://www.pysanka.com/privacy.php
Pysanka by Adriana
Sign In
Tell A Freind
Home  |  Privacy Notice
Home
Gallery & Gift
How To
About Adriana
News & Exhibits
History
Contact
My Cart
Traditional
Trypillian
Large Goose - Ostrich
Nesting Doll Sets
Jewerly
Supplies
Specials
Step by Step
Tools Needed
Symbolism
Frequently Asked Questions
The Artist
Notable Accomplishments
News
Exhibits
Classes
The Art
Ukraine
Account Information
Address Book
Change Password
Order History
Newsletter Settings
Product Notification
This is the web site of Pysanka by Adriana
We can be reached via e-mail at adriana@pysanka.com or you can reach us by telephone at 714-544-8665
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor and .
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, visiting us at http://www.pysanka.com/contact_us.php.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, visiting us at http://www.pysanka.com/contact_us.php.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, visiting us at http://www.pysanka.com/contact_us.php.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, visiting us at http://www.pysanka.com/contact_us.php.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, transaction information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, visiting us at http://www.pysanka.com/contact_us.php.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Privacy
Terms of Use
Return Policy
© 2009 Pysanka by AdrianaAll Rights Reserved