https://www.ciel.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search
Home
About Us
Our Mission
Our Strategy
Our Team
Programs
Board of Trustees & Advisors
Jobs / Internships
Contact Us
Issues
Press Room
Research & Publications
Blog
Act Now
Donate
Privacy Policy
About Us
Our Mission
Our Strategy
Our Team
Programs
Board of Trustees & Advisors
Awards
Annual Reports & Financials
Jobs / Internships
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
CIEL’s Privacy Policy
The Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL) is committed to safeguarding the information you share with us and to ensuring transparency and responsibility in the handling of any personal data we receive. This privacy policy defines how CIEL uses and protects any information that you provide when using this website, when registering for our contact list, taking an online action sponsored by us, or making a donation.
Information we collect
When you make a donation or submit information using an online form (e.g. newletter sign up, urgent action, etc), CIEL may collect any of the following information that you have provided:
Information that you provide when registering for one of our newsletters or events (e.g. your name and email address);
Information that you provide when donating to CIEL (e.g. your name, email address and payment details);
Information that you provide when filling out the contact form on the website (e.g. your name, email address and phone number);
Information related to email deliverability and user experience (e.g. if opened, links clicked).
Information about how you use our website (e.g. the pages visited, the type of browser and operating system used, and the referral page if applicable) is collected in aggregate and will not be attributed to you as an individual.
How we use your information
CIEL may use your information to:
Send you newsletters, action alerts, event invitations, and appeals if you have opted to receive them;
Process your payments if you have made a donation;
Understand, improve, and optimize our email communication and related experience, such as by performing analytics and conducting research;
Assist with questions or requests.
When our website asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers), that information is encrypted and is protected in accordance with the latest Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS).
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted to only employees who need the information to perform a specific job. All of our databases are password-protected to ensure that unauthorized users cannot access sensitive data.
In the event of any suspected personal data breach, we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach as legally required.
Third party vendors
To use certain features of CIEL’s website (such as making online donations), we may require you to provide to  our third party payment processor, certain financial information (like your bank account or credit card information) in order to facilitate the processing of donations. All financial information will be collected directly by third party payment processors according to their privacy policies.
Cookies
CIEL’s website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The website uses no cookies, except those necessary for analytics.
Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may avoid the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
Links to other websites
Any webpage or email that is controlled by CIEL and subject to our privacy policy will prominently feature the CIEL name and Logo.  However, our website and emails may also occasionally invite supporters to take online actions through websites operated by third parties, for example as part of a collaboration with other nonprofit organizations working on the same issue. Please note that once you have used these links to leave our site, we do not have any control over that other website or how it handles your information. While we strive to ensure that all partners and sites we work with are trustworthy, the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites is not within our control and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Accordingly, we encourage you to always exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Sharing of information
CIEL will never share your information with a third party without your express consent. As noted above, however, our website and emails may contain links to third party sites.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Privacy policy for minors
If you are under 16 years of age, please do not enter personal information on our website without the express permission of your parent or guardian.
Your acceptance of these terms
By continuing to use this site, you signify your assent to CIEL’s Privacy Policy. We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page. Please revisit the policy each time you consider giving personal information.
Opting out
At any time, you may ask for a copy of the information that we have about you by contacting us at: info@ciel.org. To ensure your privacy, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before sharing that information with you. You also can request the modification, correction, or removal of your data from our database.
If you wish to stop receiving emails from CIEL at any time, you may do so by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of our newsletters. Alternatively, please contact us at: info@ciel.org.
Updated May 25, 2018
Share:
Get InvolvedTake Action
Share:
STAY INFORMED
First NameLast NameEmail
Support Our WorkDonate Now
CIEL
@ciel_tweets
@ciel_tweets
About Us
Issues
Research & Publications
Get Involved
Press Room
CIEL in the News
Privacy Policy