https://www.equinoxpub.com/home/privacy/
Privacy Statement
We abide by the requirements of  the United Kingdom’s  General Data Protection Regulation which came into force in the United Kingdom in May 2018. For the purposes of that act,  the data controller is Janet Joyce jjoyce@equinoxpub.com of  Equinox Publishing Ltd of 415 The Workstation, 15 Paternoster Row, Sheffield, S1 2BX, United Kingdom (registered in England & Wales under Company number 04721694) .
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By submitting personal data to www.equinoxpub.com and any affiliated web sites or apps (each a “Website” and together the “Websites”)  or by completing a paper order form you consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of such personal data in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.
Equinox Publishing Ltd. (”we” “our” “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our Terms & Conditions and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
•  Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website, apps or paper order forms.  This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to a service provided by us, purchasing publications through our Website, posting material on or to our Website, submitting an article to one of our journals through the journal’s online submission system or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us  and when you report a problem with our Website.
•  When you register to receive free newsletters or RSS feeds we request the following date: your name, email address country. You can update any of your personal information in your profile section of the Website at any time.
•  If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
•  We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
•  Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfilment of your orders.
•  Details of your visits to our Website (including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access).
GDPR and Scholarship
The data collected from registered and non-registered users of our journal pages falls within the scope of the standard functioning of peer-reviewed journals. It includes information that makes communication possible for the editorial process; it is used to informs readers about the authorship and editing of content; it enables collecting aggregated data on readership behaviours, as well as tracking geopolitical and social elements of scholarly communication.
The Equinox team and the editors of our journals use this data to guide our work in publishing and improving our publications and our electronic publishing platforms. Data that will assist in developing this publishing platform may be shared with the software developer of our journal’s site (Public Knowledge Project) and with third parties providing Equinox’s information technology support.  The data will not be sold by Equinox, our consultants or PKP nor will it be used for purposes other than those stated here.
The authors published in our journals and books are responsible for the human subject data that figures in their research reported in our publications. Those involved in editing this journal seek to be compliant with industry standards for data privacy, including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provision for “data subject rights” that include (a) breach notification; (b) right of access; (c) the right to be forgotten; (d) data portability; and (e) privacy by design. The GDPR also allows for the recognition of “the public interest in the availability of the data,” which has a particular saliency for those involved in maintaining, with the greatest integrity possible, the public record of scholarly publishing.
In scholarly publishing, data concerning the authors, editors, reviewers, and others involved in the editorial and publishing process remain a necessary part of the publishing record  and, as such, forms part of a record that the GDPR allows “for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes the preservation of which is in the public interest” (Recital 65). When registering to submit a journal article for consideration, you will be asked for your email address and affiliation and a short biostatement. If your article is published, this information will be made public. If your article is not accepted for publication, the records will be archived.  Authors of published books, likewise, will have their affiliation, email and author biostatements displayed on our site.
Credit Card Details/Order records/Bank Details
We do not store any credit card details. We only store your postal address if you have placed an order on our site for a physical book or journal and we need to send you something through the post. For legal purposes, we store financial records that may record your name, description of your purchase, date of purchase, method of payment  and amount paid.
If you are a supplier, we store records that may include your bank details (if paid by bank transfer), the amount remitted and the details of the service provided.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that can be put on a web users’ hard disc to distinguish one user from another and improve their experience. We may use cookies to collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our internal use. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. Our website uses 5 cookies which can be divided as follows:
Session cookies (2) – these allow the Website to link your actions during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes such as remembering what you have put in your shopping basket as you browse the Website. These session cookies expire after a browser session so would not be stored long term.
Persistent cookies (3) – these are stored on a user’s device in between browser sessions which allows the preferences or actions of the user across a site (or in some cases across different websites) to be remembered. Persistent cookies may be used for a variety of purposes including remembering users’ preferences and choices when using a site.
We also use 8 third-party cookies (i.e. cookies that are set by another domain other than the one being visited by the user)  from Twitter – 3 session cookies and 5 persistent cookies.
The cookies we use enable us:
•  to estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
•  to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests;
•  to speed up your searches; and
•  to recognise you when you return to our Website.
Pursuant to the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 (SI 2011/1208) we require you to agree to the above referred to cookies. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site. For further information see www.allaboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visithttp://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that other sites that we may link to may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of an order placed by you via the site, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and, to the extent that such transfer is within our control, with the relevant protections required by law in place.
Our site is accessible via the internet and so may potentially be accessed by anyone around the world. Other users may access the site from outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). This means that where you choose to post your data on our site, it could be accessed from anywhere around the world and therefore a transfer of your data outside of the EEA may be deemed to have occurred. You consent to such transfer of your data for and by way of this purpose.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
In some instances, we store paper copies of orders which may include your physical address and order details (but not credit card details). We also store physical copies of invoices paid to suppliers and corresponding bank records.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
•  To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
•  To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
•  To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. To the extent that carrying out such obligations necessitates us disclosing your personal information to agents, contractors or other third parties involved in the performance of contracts entered into between you and us, you agree and consent to such disclosure.
•  To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
•  To notify you about changes to our service.
•  In order to comply with any of our legal and regulatory obligations.
You will not receive unsolicited marketing communications from us unless you have agreed to this. We may, however, contact you from time to time as necessary with information or queries about your registration, your purchases and/or your postings. If you hold a subscription with us, we will need to contact you with a renewal notice before  your subscription expires as well as with a reminder notice concerning termination of the subscription.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target.  However, we do not sell advertising space on our website and we do not sell our subscribers lists.
Disclosure of your information
In the event that we in future become part of a larger organization, at that time, we may disclose your personal information (in line with GDPR standards) to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
•  In the event that we sell or buy any business (in whole or in part) or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets and may sell and transfer personal data collected through the site in connection with and pursuant to the sale of any such business or assets.
•  If Equinox Publishing Ltd. or substantially all of its assets is acquired by a third party, in which case personal data (in conformance with GDPR)  held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
•  To the extent necessary to enable us to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
•  If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; to operate our systems properly; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Equinox Publishing Ltd, its subsidiaries, affiliates, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by choosing not to check certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at customerservices@equinoxpub.com and asking us to cease contacting you for such purposes.
Our Website or apps may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks (such as our book distributors in North America),  advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
You have the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the prevailing law of the United Kingdom. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy & Cookie Policy in the future will be posted on this page and you should check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we might make.
Links to other websites
This Privacy & Cookie Policy does not cover the links within the Website linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Janet Joyce jjoyce@equinoxpub.com or write to the Legal Department, Equinox Publishing Ltd, 415 The Workstation, 15 Paternoster Row, Sheffield, S1 2BX, United Kingdom or call +44 (0)114 221-0285.
Search Equinox
Search ShowHide Options --- All Subject Areas ---Ancient HistoryArchaeologyBiblical StudiesBuddhist StudiesCognitive StudiesCultural HistoryFood History and CookeryGender StudiesHealthcare CommunicationIslamic StudiesLinguisticsPhilosophyPopular MusicReligious StudiesWriting and CompositionReviews OnlyAll Search TypesISBNTitle and AuthorAuthorsArticlesBook / Chapter OnlyBook Title and AuthorChapters Only
SubjectsArchaeology & History
Food History
Journals
Linguistics & Communication
Spanish and Arabic Language
Writing/Composition
Journals
Popular Music
Jazz
Journals
Religion & Ethics
Buddhist Studies
Islamic Studies
Journals
Tweets by @EQUINOXPUB
We may use cookies to collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information for our internal use.
Find out more.I Agree