http://www.stmaryscrowborough.org.uk/parish-groups/administration/library/privacy-policy
Search this sitePrivacy Policy v1.0IntroductionIn this policy “St Mary’s” means St Mary Mother of Christ Roman Catholic Church, Queens Road, Crowborough East Sussex, TN6 2LB.Protecting the security and privacy of your personal information is important to St Mary’s and to the way we seek to comply with UK laws on privacy, data protection (Data Protection Act 1988) and data security. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what information St Mary’s may collect, how we use and safeguard that information, with whom we may share it and how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information.By submitting your information to St Mary’s by email, use of the St Mary’s web site or otherwise, you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. St Mary’s may from time to time modify the terms of this policy and any changes will be posted on this page.If you do not consent to the terms please do not use this web site.Personal InformationThrough our website, St Mary’s will collect personally identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), only when you voluntarily choose to provide it to us (e.g., by registration, survey). To help understand the needs of our parishioners and or improve the St Mary’s web site we may from time to time post user surveys on our site. Answering questions on any such surveys is voluntary. When you do provide us with personal information, it will normally be to enable us to respond to your inquiry.As a member of the parish you may choose to complete a registration form. This allows St Mary’s to hold details of its congregation and to communicate with them from time to time for example around the major feasts days via a greetings card with changes to mass times. These registration forms provide fields for your name and address, telephone number and other relevant data. The information, The Parish Register of Parishioners, is held in both paper and electronic form.If you are involved in any of the parish groups then this will appear on a sub listing(s) used to control the groups
activities, inherently your name and potentially some contact details may be made available in either hard copy or via the web to facilitate the activities of the relevant group. If you do not wish your details to be made available then please let us know, although this may prohibit your ability to participate in the group.The aggregate of the register of parishioners is from time provided to the dioceses however no recognisable personal data is provided to them or any other third party.Should your personal circumstances change then we would ask you to let us know in writing in order that we can keep our records up to date.If you do not want your personal information to be held by St Mary’s then please do not submit it to us.ImagesDuring parish masses and connected events we may at times take photos or videos’ and these may be used as part of an article or news item in either hard copy or on our web site. Personal names will not be connected to an image without the consent of the individual or the parent should the image be of a minor.If you do not wish an image to be used then please notify us and it will be removed as soon as practically possible.SecurityWhilst St Mary’s takes all reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Data transmission over the internet may not be adequately secured by the sender. As a result, St Mary’s cannot ensure the secure receipt of any information that is sent to St Mary’s by this medium and any such information is sent at your own risk.Other Web SitesSt Mary’s cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of third parties whose web sites may be referenced in the St Mary’s web site.Non-Personal Information Collected AutomaticallyWhen you access our websites, we may automatically (i.e. not by registration) collect information that is not personally identifiable (e.g., type of Internet browser and computer operating system used; domain name of the website from which you came; number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed). We may use this information to measure the use of our websites and improve its content.When you view our websites we may also store certain information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" file. By using a cookie we are able to simplify and personalise our websites for any subsequent visits you make. If you wish to block or erase the use of cookies then please refer to the relevant instructions in your web browser.DisclosureYour data will not be sold or provided to any third party save in the situation where a regulator or government agency compels us to under a relevant law, act or statuteQuestions and CommentsIf you have any questions or comments about St Mary’s' Data Protection Policy (e.g. to review and update your Personal Information), please contact us on the number shown on our website.Report abuseGoogle SitesReport abuse