http://www.ocso.com/Careers/eeo-statement-policies
Coronavirus (COVID-19): Continue to practice social distancing when in public. Visit ocso.com/coronavirus for more information.
Careers   >   EEO Statement and Policies
Equal Opportunity Statement
Sheriff's Office Policies Related to Applicant Processing
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER:
The Orange County Sheriff's Office does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, political affiliation, marital status, disability, or other factors that are not considered bonafide occupational qualifications identified by job analysis. This policy covers all areas of employment, including, but not limited to recruitment, selection, placement, training, promotion, transfer, discipline, layoff, termination, wages, benefits, performance appraisals, and work conditions. The Sheriff strongly encourages minorities and women to apply for positions within the Sheriff's Office, and active recruiting efforts will be directed toward that end. The selection process will use only those components that measure behaviors, knowledge, skills, and abilities which are demonstrated to be job-related.
POLICIES RELATED TO APPLICANT PROCESSING
SIGNIFICANT JOB REQUIREMENTS: As an employee with the Orange County Sheriff's Office, I may be required to work any hours of the day, any days of the week, any recognized holiday, and in any area of the county. I will be required to maintain proficiency in the use of any equipment related to my job classification. I will be required to work with and for persons of differing race, sex, religious affiliation, age groups, and physical disabilities.
POLICY STATEMENT: It is the policy of the Orange County Sheriff's Office to recruit qualified individuals who will make the best candidate from all segments of the work force. In pursuing this goal, a background investigation of each candidate is conducted with respect to factors that may have a bearing upon the applicant's job performance or which measure job capability. It is impossible to state all relevant and material factors necessary for a complete background investigation. In each case, the agency will consider whether the candidate's background makes him/her the best suited candidate for employment. The circumstances underlying any negative findings will be considered as they related to the ability of the candidate to perform the particular job for which he/she is applying.
FELONY/MISDEMEANOR CONVICTIONS: Any individual convicted of a felony shall be ineligible for appointment to the Orange County Sheriff's Office as required in Florida Statute 943.13. A felony is defined by Florida law as any offense for which a person may receive one year of confinement in a state or federal institution. Additionally, any misdemeanor crime shall be a preclusion if it involved moral character, false statement, or perjury. With respect to all other criminal convictions which are not felonies, in each case the agency will consider whether the prior criminal conviction or military offense conviction will have a bearing on the applicant's qualifications or suitability for the job for which he/she is applying, in accordance with Florida State Statute 943.13. The date and nature of the offense, the requirements of the position sought, as well as other qualifications, will be evaluated.
PUBLIC RECORDS: During the selection and placement process, it will be necessary to inform the appropriate persons participating in the selection process of your record. Pursuant to Florida Statute 119, the Public Records Act, documents made or received by the Orange County Sheriff's Office in the course of processing the application may be public record and open for inspection by the public. Some records, such as examination questions and answers and medical documentation are not public records and may not be disclosed. Medical documentation may only be released with the written consent of the applicant.
EMPLOYEE APPEARANCE: It is imperative that all potential job candidates familiarize themselves with the Sheriff's strict professional appearance policy. I can adhere to this policy, otherwise, I should not apply for this position with this agency. Please click here to review the policy.
TAKE-HOME VEHICLE: In the event that I am selected for a sworn position, I understand that I will not be entitled to the use of an assigned vehicle if I live over 20 miles from the Orange County boundaries. (Mileage fees will be incurred if outside Orange County boundaries.) Also, I may not be eligible for other agency benefits that require being an Orange County resident.
REAPPLICATION: The Orange County Sheriff's Office usually allows for reapplication, retesting, and reevaluation of candidates not selected for employment. This does not include candidates whose history indicates unfitness for duty, candidates who were untruthful during the initial application process, and candidates who were not selected due to not fulfilling state mandated requirements. Applicants must wait one year, provided that a vacancy exists at that time, and must go through the entire testing/evaluation process with each reapplication. Your application will remain on file for a period of one year from the application date if you are not selected prior to that time.
APPLICATION RECEIPT NOTIFICATION: Once you apply for a job that is currently posted on our web site, you will receive an e-mail within one hour that will state that we received your application. This email will advise if the position is currently open and when you should expect to hear from a Recruiting staff member. Some positions posted on our website are not currently open, but we are accepting applications for future consideration. If you do not receive the email it is because your application is not considered complete. Verify that you have completed the application and clicked on the Submit and Apply button at the end of the application.