http://www.preachit.org/privacy-policy/
LOGIN
Login
Join
Become a Member
Resource For Ministers By Ministers
Resource For Ministers By Ministers
SERVICE BACKGROUNDS
SERMON OUTLINES
SERMON SERIES
ARTICLES
BLOG
CONTACT US
Home
Service Backgrounds
Sermon Outlines
Sermon Series
Articles
Contact Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Preach It Ministries Inc.
Preach It Ministries Inc.
234 W. 166 S.
Valparaiso
IN
46385
USA
Office: (219) 979-2085
Toll Free: (866) 265-2298
We can be reached via our contact page or you can reach us by telephone at (219) 979-2085.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by write to us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address or By logging in and using the appropriate "Account Management" sections.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
what are you
researching?
SEARCH ALL SERMONS
SEARCH SERMONS
2000+
SERVICEBACKGROUNDS
VIEW BACKGROUNDS
VIEW SERMONS
NEWSLETTER ARTICLES
The Chinese Bamboo Tree
One of the most unique and amazing plants in the world is the Chinese Bamboo Tree. This tree is much different than...[read more]
Identity Crisis Times Two
We live in a world today of 'identity crisis times two'. Everybody wants to be like somebody else. Look l...[read more]
Are You In Way Over Your Head?
In a sermon I recently preached, I brushed on a topic about ministry that I believe pastors and leaders often feel;...[read more]
see all popular articles...
what are you
researching?
SEARCH ALL SERMONS
SEARCH SERMONS
POPULAR SERMONS
Jesus Christ The Indispensable God
Jesus Christ The Indispensa...
Prayer 101 – Lesson 1
Prayer 101 – Lesson 1
You Must Be Born Again
You Must Be Born Again
We Need To Pray - Part 2 Teaching Notes
We Need To Pray - Part 2 Te...
The Power of Forgiveness - Part 3
The Power of Forgiveness - ...
POPULAR SERVICE BACKGROUNDS
Soul Winning
Soul Winning
The Brazen Laver
The Brazen Laver
A Phillip Spirit
A Phillip Spirit
Breaking Out Of Debt
Breaking Out Of Debt
Dynamics Of Preaching
Dynamics Of Preaching
THE Preach It
Legacy
A portion of Every Purchase is donated to care for orphaned children
NAVIGATION
Home
Service Backgrounds
Sermons
Sermon Series
Articles
Blog
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
CONNECT WITH US
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Service Backgrounds
Easter Slides
Sermon Backgrounds
Welcome Backgrounds
Worship Backgrounds
Announcement
FEATURED TOPICS
Easter/Passover
Christ's Return
Love
The Cross
FEATURED SERIES
Outside The Box
Prayer 101
We Worship
All In Him
Copyright © 2020 PreachIt.org All Rights Reserved
Please enter your name and email
to receive this free :
Name
Email
Cancel
Next
Name and Email are required to proceed.
Already a PreachIt.org Member?Login
Please Login Below.
Username
Password
Login
Cancel
Username or Password was incorrect.Please try again.
Username or Password was incorrect. Please try again.
Email
Password
Login
Cancel
Forgot your password? Click Here!