http://www.panna.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Pesticide Action Network (PAN) is committed to your right to privacy and to maintaining your confidence and trust. PAN is the sole owner of the information we collect, and we do not sell or rent any information you provide us. We have created the following privacy policy to inform you about the ways in which we collect and use this information.
Online Activism
To send a message from our online action center to government officials and other decision-makers, you must identify yourself by name, address and email address. PAN includes this information when we send your message. This is necessary for your message to be effective, and is often required by government officials.
Your Data
To ensure the privacy of our visitors and email subscribers, we do not sell or exchange names or any other personally identifiable information about our online visitors and activists with other organizations or mass marketers. If you participate in a joint action with a partnering organization, you may receive email updates from the partner as well. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our partners so we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Access to PAN’s data is restricted within the organization, and all employees are aware that this data is private. The data we gather from Pesticide Action Network online activists is stored on servers at a secure third-party site, Action Network, whose server network uses industry-standard methods to protect the confidentiality of users.  If you would like to update your data, you can do so here. When we no longer need your information and there is no requirement that we keep it, we’ll either delete or depersonalize it so you can’t be identified. If you would like your data deleted, please contact us.
Donor Privacy
Pesticide Action Network will never share donor information with third parties. To process a charitable contribution, it is necessary for PAN to gather the visitor's name, email address, complete mailing address, phone number and credit card information. This data is used to verify and protect the identity of our visitors and complete your transaction.
When you complete an online donation to PAN, your donation information is encrypted and transmitted via a secure connection. PAN uses your credit card information only for the purpose of processing your donation. We will not disclose this information except as necessary to process your donation and your donation information is stored on secure online servers.
Cookies and Analytics
PAN collects only the IP address, but not the email address, of visitors to our website, and aggregates information on what pages visitors access. We do not collect any personal information (such as name, email address or address) from you without your knowledge or permission, and we do not require that you enter any personal information to access most areas of the PAN website. In order to use some tools of the site, such as our online giving and action center areas, or to comment on our blog, you must enter some identifying information. PAN will never disclose this information to any third party, except as outlined in this policy. All information that you provide  is secure.
What Cookies Are: Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
How we use cookies: We use cookies to make visiting and using our website easier — first, so that you don’t have to continually re-enter information and second, so that we can tailor your visit to your expressed preferences. Cookies set by Pesticide Action Network are called "first-party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third-party cookies". Third party cookies enable features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like interactive actions and analytics).
Communications from PAN
If you have opted to receive any of our publications by email, you are able to unsubscribe at any time by following the directions that appear at the bottom of every email sent, or by requesting to be unsubscribed by contacting PAN via email.