http://www.vachss.com/help_text/stalking.html
STALKING RESOURCES
ARTICLES/INFORMATION/RESEARCH(click here for Organizations/Agencies)
NYPD detective arrested for cyber stalking ex-girlfriend
"An off-duty NYPD detective was arrested Friday for cyber-stalking his ex-girlfriend, a fellow NYPD employee, officials said.
Cops grabbed Det. Brian Erbis, 46, in Queens Friday morning after he was accused of repeatedly harassing his ex through texts and emails between March 2016 and February 2018, cops said.
Erbis has been on modified assignment ever since his ex-girlfriend reported him to the Chief of Detectives Investigations Unit, court papers show.
He was ultimately criminally charged with stalking and harassment.
"
NY Daily News,
July 26, 2019
The Simple Way Apple and Google Let Domestic Abusers Stalk Victims
"After years of neglect, the antivirus industry has finally begun to recognize stalkerware's danger and flag the apps as malicious, a development that's long overdue given that a quarter of women in the US and one in nine men experience some form of physical abuse or stalking by an intimate partner.
Tech and NYU warned me. Abusive phone-snooping, they point out, doesn't necessarily require software explicitly built for that purpose. Mainstream app stores are well-stocked with what those researchers call dual-use applications. These are apps that advertise features for a legitimate purpose—such as letting families consensually track one another for convenience or safety, or for locating stolen and lost devices—but can easily be abused by stalkers who install them without their target's knowledge, or to secretly change the configuration of those apps to share the victim's location or data."
Wired ,
July 2, 2019
Killer of woman in North Attleboro retail plaza had shown 'obsessive behavior' toward her, authorities say
"NORTH ATTLEBORO — Moments before she was fatally shot in her car at Fashion Crossing, Brandi Berg texted her boyfriend to say her ex-boyfriend was "harassing" her.
Berg, 37, of Riverside, R.I., told her boyfriend that "Steve" had followed her to the retail plaza Saturday and was "kneeling next to the car," asking if she was seeing someone else.
Berg texted that "Steve" would not leave and kept "knocking on my window and asking me to go talk with him somewhere.""
The Sun Chronicle (MA),
June 24, 2019
Ex-military sniper, Army officer gets life for killing Manhattan woman he met online
"Verdi, 64, a who made the rank of lieutenant-colonel in the Army and also worked for the federal Drug Enforcement Agency, was busted for harassing Lee-Harman before he killed her on Nov. 1, 2017. He pleaded guilty of the slaying in May.
"From [the breakup] day until the day of her death … she had no peace from the defendant," said Assistant District Attorney Germain Corprew said.
Verdi appeared at Lee-Harman's job, her dentist and her hairdresser, sometimes in disguise. "Nothing stopped him," the prosecutor said."
NY Daily News,
June 20, 2019
Officer who investigated stalking of Ellie Weik before her murder has been fired
"The West Chester officer who responded to Ellie Weik's plea for help – who knew the first name of her eventual killer and his relationship to Weik months before she disappeared – has been terminated for inferior police work.
Officer James R. Thomas engaged in a pattern of "careless behavior" in not only the Weik investigation but other cases as well, according to a June 4 termination letter signed by West Chester Police Chief Joel Herzog.
"You have brought an unsightly light on the West Chester Police Department," Herzog wrote to Thomas.
The police union has filed a grievance on Thomas' behalf, disputing the termination. "
Cincinnati Enquirer,
June 7, 2019
Will ankle bracelet stop this guy from stalking woman?
"A Los Altos man has been outfitted with an ankle monitor after pleading no contest to stalking and threatening to rape and murder a former high school classmate whom he harassed online and in person for 12 years.
Matthew Lucas Cringle, 29, pleaded no contest on May 17.
It wasn't the first time Cringle was convicted of stalking the woman. He has repeatedly violated a criminal protective order and continued harassing her online, according to court documents.
After being told in court not to contact the woman during a prior stalking case against Cringle, he looked straight at her and started walking toward her until his parents and attorney held him back.
Cringle first started stalking the woman in 2006, when they shared a Spanish class at Los Altos High School. According to court documents, Cringle started harassing her after she told him to cover his mouth when he coughed — prompting him to spit in her face — and after she told him to stop copying her friend's test."
Palo Alto Daily Post (CA),
May 24, 2019
Westport School Employee Charged With Stalking Student Placed on Leave
"A maintenance worker at Staples High School in Westport worker is accused of recording videos of a female student multiple times without her knowledge and school officials said he is on paid administrative lead.
Police arrested 52-year-old Paul Telep Tuesday. According to police, on April 2 the school resource officer noticed that Telep appeared to be recording students, particularly one girl, on his cell phone. The officer confronted Telep and reported the situation to school officials, police said.
Investigators seized the phone and found seven videos of the same student on different occasions. The student told police she was not aware she was being recorded.
Telep turned himself in to police on Tuesday. He was charged with third-degree stalking and released on a $50,000 bond. He is due in court on May 16."
NBC News,
May 10, 2019
Former NYPD detective accused of stalking her ex-lover and pouring urine on her door is in trouble again: police
"
A former NYPD detective arrested for stalking and harassing her ex-lover, at one point allegedly tossing urine on her front door, is in trouble with the law again, officials said.
Police Officer Lori Campbell was arrested at her Crown Heights home on Friday for violating an order of protection that prohibits her from going near her former girlfriend.
Campbell, 52, is accused of incessantly sending text messages, stalking and sometimes chasing her ex-girlfriend, who broke up with her to marry a man in 2017. At the time, Campbell was an aide to Chief of Department Terence Monahan.
"
NY Daily News,
April 12, 2019
'Stalking on steroids': Pricey pranks tormenting Utah family, multiple businesses
"While some might think Gilmore is the victim of someone's ultimate prank, he said it's no laughing matter — especially since not all of the people who are showing up are offering services or even have good intentions.
"They have police records. Criminals. Felons. Active warrants for their arrests coming to my home. They're looking for drugs. They're offering prostitution. And it's pretty concerning to me, my family, and my entire neighborhood that these folks are there," he said.
"These are individuals who come to our home in the middle of the night — 10, 11 o'clock, 1, 2, 3 in the morning. Five-thirty this morning I had another one out there, I had to call the police.""
Deseret News (UT),
March 22, 2019
The detective who didn't investigate Lauren McCluskey's case before the student was murdered has left the University of Utah. It's unclear if she quit or was fired.
"The detective assigned to investigate Lauren McCluskey's complaints about harassment and extortion — which the student reported weeks before she was killed by the man she told officers about — has left the University of Utah's police department.
The woman, who started working at the campus in March 2016, is no longer in her post as of Wednesday, said U. spokesman Chris Nelson. He declined to say whether she resigned voluntarily or was terminated.
"
Salt Lake Tribune,
March 7, 2019
Former Hillcrest teacher Bryan Johnston sentenced to rider for stalking
"A former Hillcrest High School teacher and coach was sentenced to a rider program Monday for stalking a former student.
Bryan Lee Johnston, 50, was arrested in September following an investigation into the stalking. The Idaho Falls Police Department discovered Johnston had enlisted current and former students in his attempts to stalk the victim, and that he engaged in bizarre behavior such as putting a recorder in the victim's bedroom and urinating on her bed. Johnston resigned from his teaching position in August.
According to court records, the victim requested a civil protection order after the two ended a relationship.
"She reported alarming behavior from Johnston including attempting to enter her home in the nighttime hours when she wasn't home, text messages and calls from computer-generated phone numbers she suspected to be him, threats to harm himself because she was calling off the relationship, ... items missing from her home, ... and punctured tires on her vehicle," the police report stated."
Post-Register (ID),
February 11, 2019
79-year-old Missoula man charged with stalking
"MISSOULA – A Missoula man is in jail for violating a protection order filed by a woman who said the defendant was going to kidnap her and stick needles into her.
Roderick Adolph Pahl, 79, is charged with one felony count of stalking. According to court documents, on December 14, Jane Doe obtained an Order of Protection against the defendant in Municipal Court.
The underlying allegations in the Order of Protection detailed Pahl had threatened to hurt Doe in the past by kidnapping her and threatening to "stick needles into [Doe]" after he did so.
Doe indicated in the Order of Protection that Pahl's actions had recently escalated, leaving the woman fearful that the Defendant would actually follow through on these threats and cause her bodily harm."
KTVH (MT),
January 10, 2019
New charge puts known stalker back in jail
"A Jackson man who was recently put on supervised probation for felony stalking is back in jail on allegations of stalking a different victim.
The state of Wyoming, represented by Teton County Deputy Prosecutor Clark Allan, filed to revoke John Zechariah Harmon's probation after his Dec. 16 arrest.
Harmon, 32, was placed on five years of probation Nov. 27 for felony stalking after pleading guilty to the charge."
Jackson Hole (WYN) News,
December 19, 2018
Los Altos man arrested in decade-long stalking case
"Mountain View detectives arrested a man Monday who used social media to stalk and threaten a woman for over a decade.
On April 23, Mountain View patrol officers responded to a home in Mountain View where a woman informed them that she had found explicit messages in a separate inbox on her Facebook account. The senders on several of these messages appeared to be fake accounts, but based on messages she said she had previously received, the woman believed the accounts to be connected to a former classmate who had harassed her in the past.
The case was immediately referred over to our Cyber Crime Unit, where detectives began to look into who may be behind the messages. Because the Facebook accounts at the time provided a certain level of anonymity, a series of search warrants were executed so that detectives could accurately determine the true identity of the person behind the accounts.
Over the course of our investigation, our detectives maintained a strong line of communication with the victim, speaking to her regularly and providing updates as they were able. Finally, detectives were able to determine that the victim was correct – the derogatory and threatening messages were being sent by a former classmate, 29-year-old Los Altos resident Matthew Cringle."
Mountain View PD,
April 23, 2018
George Zimmerman to enter no contest plea in stalking case
" A Florida judge agreed to let former neighborhood watch leader George Zimmerman serve probation for a year after his attorney entered a no contest plea Tuesday to resolve a misdemeanor charge of stalking a private investigator associated with a documentary on the black teenager Zimmerman killed.
Seminole County Judge Mark Herr admonished Zimmerman to understand that "words matter." Under a no contest plea, a defendant doesn't admit guilt, and a conviction is withheld if the conditions of the plea are met. Zimmerman wasn't at the courthouse during the hearing.
"Please counsel him," the judge told his attorney, Zahra Umansky. "Words do matter.""
AP (Florida),
November 13, 2018
Navy sub officer faces stalking, abuse charges
"A submarine officer is accused of stalking a woman in Washington, D.C., sticking GPS devices on her vehicle, peeping into her fourth-floor window and recording her kissing another man, according to Navy charge sheets.
The lieutenant commander, assigned to the ballistic missile sub Nebraska in Washington state, also stands accused of physically abusing her, placing a tracking device on her friend's vehicle and hiring a private investigator "to gather information about men she was dating or had dated," according to the legal filings.
Both the name of the officer and the woman he allegedly stalked are redacted from the paperwork provided to Navy Times.
An Article 32 hearing to weigh the evidence against him and decide whether his case should go to a court-martial trial was scheduled for last week but was cancelled.
"
Navy Times,
October 4, 2018
Maine judge imposes maximum sentence for stalking
"A federal judge Thursday rejected recommendations from a prosecutor and defense attorney and sentenced a former Maine man to five years in federal prison, the maximum term of imprisonment for stalking.
Donald Cain, 49, of Henderson, Nevada — formerly of Conroe, Texas, Columbia, South Carolina and Calais — pleaded guilty to the charge on Jan. 11 in U.S. District Court in Bangor in the same courtroom where he was sentenced, according to the court's electronic case filing system.
In imposing the sentence, U.S. District Judge John Woodcock described Cain's conduct as "utterly reprehensible," according to a release from the U.S. Attorney's Office. The judge said it constituted a "psychological assault" and that he had "never before seen a stalking crime of such length, intensity, vulgarity, scope, sophistication and impact.""
Bangor Daily News,
July 20, 2018
Manhattan lawyer hit with cyberstalking charges for terrorizing his ex-girlfriend
"A Manhattan lawyer who turned into an ex-boyfriend from hell was hit with federal cyberstalking charges Friday for terrorizing his former lover.
David Waldman, 50, launched a relentless campaign against his banker ex-girlfriend after she ended their four-month relationship — bombarding her with vile texts and emails, launching hateful web pages and even sending a letter to her boss claiming she's a drug addict, prosecutors said.
"I only hope you die of cervical cancer before I can f--- up your s---," Waldman wrote on a website he created in 2014 called eurotrashroyalty.blogspot.com. "No k--e civil attorneys, no car load of your pals, or anything else you have in your arsenal will cause me to even blink."
"
NY Daily News,
June 1, 2018
Japanese court orders Zushi municipal government to pay husband of stalking victim
"YOKOSUKA, KANAGAWA PREF. – A district court Monday ordered the city of Zushi, Kanagawa Prefecture, to pay ¥1.1 million in compensation for giving the address of a woman to the stalker who tracked her down and murdered her in 2012.
The 47-year-old husband of Rie Miyoshi had demanded ¥11 million from the municipal government for the violation of privacy.
A private detective hired by her former boyfriend obtained their address from the city by impersonating the husband.
Recognizing the city's negligence, presiding Judge Isao Maesawa of the Yokosuka branch of the Yokohama District Court said, "Providing an address to a third party constitutes a breach of the obligation of confidentiality under a law on local public service.""
The Japan Times,
January 15, 2018
Sandra Bullock's stalker detailed plans to sexually assault actress during break-in
"Joshua Corbett, who received five years probation last month for breaking and entering at the actress' home in June 2014 — and standing outside her bedroom door while she hid and called 911 — also had plans to commit sexual and lurid acts against Bullock, new documents obtained by the Daily News reaveal."
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS,
June 10, 2017
Utah woman killed reported relentless stalking
""It's just continual, he won't stop, and it's gotten to the point where he's threatened me, he's threatened the safety of my children and I don't know what to do," Memorez Rackley told a police dispatcher, according to a recording of a 911 call released Tuesday in response to a public records request by The Associated Press."
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS,
June 13, 2017
University of Wisconsin student faces at least 30 charges including sexual assault of multiple women, kept notebooks on victims Alec R. Cook, 20, was first charged last week with four counts of second-degree sexual assault, three counts of battery, and one count each of strangulation and false imprisonment for an alleged attack against a 20-year-old woman inside his apartment on Oct. 12.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, October 26, 2016
Stalking victim: I was living in hellStalking victim Helen Pearson hopes the introduction of new stalking protection orders by the government in England and Wales will help "shorten the suffering" of others like her.
http://www.bbc.com, December 7, 2016
Brooklyn prosecutor accused of forging judges' signatures to tap two cellphones Tara Lenich, 41, a former deputy in the DA's Violent Criminal Enterprises Bureau, was busted at her office Monday morning by the same squad of investigators who helped her build cases against gang members and drug dealers.
Over the course of nearly a year and a half, Lenich forged the signatures on 20 court orders to wiretap two cellphone numbers, according to a criminal complaint.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, November 29, 2016
Ohio trooper accused of stalking coworker's wife also used police database to look up women he pulled overWilliam Elschlager kept 10 women's names, birthdays and social security numbers on his cell phone, investigators told WTAP.
The former head of the Ohio State Highway Patrol's Marietta Post will be arraigned Wednesday for the new charges of unauthorized use of the law enforcement database system.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, October 19, 2016
Canadian ex-husband creates revenge website dedicated to destroying his Arizona ex-wife's life
A bitter ex-husband's cyber-revenge has turned into a real life nightmare for an Arizona woman, after he created a website devoted to ruining her life.
Desiree Capuano first found desireecapuano.com in March 2014, when a co-worker approached her and told her she probably shouldn't advertise that she was a stripper and drug addict on her website.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, February 18, 2016
Former upstate N.Y. legislator stalked woman who is 50 years younger than him because she owed him $45,000
A former county legislator in upstate New York has pleaded guilty to coercion after allegedly stalking a woman 50 years his junior.
While he was still a member of the Oneida County Legislature, Frank Tallarino was arrested and charged with multiple counts of stalking and coercion, according to WSTM-TV.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, January 23, 2016
Serial Tennessee stalker harasses women days after prison release: 'He may already be up to his old antics again'
Eastern Tennessee's serial stalker is back on the prowl and "up to his old antics" — just days after he was released from prison, police said.
Kingsport Police are investigating two new complaints against Albert Toronjo, the 65-year-old who harassed as many as 100 women before he pleaded guilty in 2014.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, January 26, 2016
California man mails porn materials to underage star of 'Dance Moms'
A heavily-tattooed creep sent troves of sexually explicit material to a child star of the Lifetime reality show "Dance Moms" in packages that were blasted open by bomb squads, police said.
Phoenix Sundown, 36, was arrested in San Diego, Calif., Tuesday after shipping five packages to the Pennsylvania PO Box of one of 11-year-old JoJo Siwa, TMZ reported.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, September 3, 2015
Man arrested in child abduction probe had soundproof basement filled with children's toys
Police in Norway arrested a man in a child abduction investigation after discovering he built a soundproof room in his basement.
The room, filled with toys and a bed, was discovered after police became suspicious of the 40-year-old man.
The lockable downstairs den built at his home is decked out with a teddy bear and kids' books, and the bed has a Super Mario bed cover, officers said.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, August 22, 2015
Convicted Ohio cop sought 'traffic stop sex' on Craigslist, stalked woman on Facebook
Sex games on patrol made one ex-cop the scourge of Ohio highways.
Before he was convicted and sentenced to five years in prison for sexually exploiting women during traffic stops, disgraced Ohio State trooper Bryan D. Lee turned to Craigslist to get his cop fantasy fix, according to newly released documents.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, August 19, 2015
Crazed ex-boyfriend who abducted Queens woman at knifepoint arrested after stabbing himself
With her enraged, blade-wielding ex-boyfriend threatening to slash anyone who got in his way, an 18-year-old woman was abducted during a frantic scene on a Queens street Saturday morning, police and witnesses said.
The young woman was finally let go by her ex, Jonathan Coronel, after nine hours, when he dropped her five blocks from her Elmhurst home early Saturday night, near where he had seized her .
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, August 16, 2015
Police officer fired after being arrested for stalking and harassment
John Fogarty, 33, from Greece, New York, was charged with stalking in the fourth degree and harassment in the second degree following a criminal investigation.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, August 15, 2015
'Obsessed' Fla. man stalks teen, threatens to rape her after she sends nude photos in exchange for shopping money
A 32-year-old Florida man has been arrested for stalking a 17-year-old girl and threatening to hurt her and her family after she tried to break off an Instagram relationship in which she traded nude photos of herself for money to go shopping, police said.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, August 12, 2015
Stalking Victimization in the United States
Bureau of Justice Statistics, Special Report: National Crime Victimization Survey
books.google.com
Florida doctor busted taking upskirt cellphone videos at supermarket, admits to cops: 'He had a problem'
A doctor with a criminal past was busted for taking video up the skirts of unsuspecting patrons at a Florida supermarket.
The store manager caught the spying creep in the act Thursday after a female customer alerted employees at the Publix Grocery Store in Groveland, just west of Orlando.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, July 18, 2015
Family members cyberstalking led to 2013 double murder-suicide at Delaware courthouse, jury finds in unprecedented case
Family members of a man who murdered his ex daughter-in-law and her friend before shooting himself at a Delaware courthouse in 2013 have been found guilty of cyberstalking that eventually led to the double murder-suicide, a jury found Friday.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, July 10, 2015
Dutch man who traveled 4,000 miles to stalk Wisconsin teen girl will be deported
A deranged Dutch man will be deported back to the Netherlands after trekking more than 4,000 miles to declare his "love" for a high school girl in a small Wisconsin city.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, July 04, 2015
Maryland man used selfie stick to film female neighbor: cops
BETHESDA, Md. — Police in Maryland have accused a Bethesda man of using a selfie stick to record videos of the woman who lived above him.
According to police, 60-year-old Donald F. Beard attached a camera to a long metal pole and used the device to record videos through a window for more than a year.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, July 02, 2015
Man accused of stalking female employee says he did not mean to imply she was a prostitute
A Wall Street weirdo accused of cyber–tormenting an employee he sexually harassed said Friday he didn't mean to imply she was a prostitute by calling her a street walker who was dating a pimp.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS, June 20, 2015
Former Jets Player Gets Probation in 'Revenge Porn' Case
Jermaine Cunningham, an NFL free agent, pleaded guilty last month to charges including invasion of privacy and admitted to posting revealing photos of a woman online without her consent. Prosecutors said the woman was Cunningham's estranged girlfriend.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, June 19, 2015
Ashanti's stalker won't stop harassing singer: prosecutors
"The prosecutor said Hurd—who ineffectively acted as his own lawyer—was motivated by the chance to cross–examine the star.
'He was positively gleeful to be able to sit no more than 10 feet from Ashanti, take his time questioning her ... knowing this was going to be the only way he was going to be able to talk to her and be in contact with her,' Ehrhardt said in Manhattan Supreme Court."
Daily News, December 17, 2014.
Brooklyn man pleads guilty to stalking CBS journalist, will undergo psychiatric help
"Richard Pagani, 30, reached a plea deal that will require him to undergo three months of treatment rather than be sent to jail for stalking CBS newscaster Diane Macedo. He pleaded guilty to third–degree stalking, a misdemeanor."
Daily News, September 23, 2014.
Criminal Harassment: A Handbook For Police And Crown ProsecutorsPrepared by the Federal/Provincial/Territorial Working Group on Criminal Harassment for the Department of Justice Canada, last updated 2014. Information available in English and French.
Stasi: Stalker only being thrown in jail because Alec Baldwin is a celebrity
Daily News, November 15, 2013
Stalking: Know It. Name It. Stop It.
"Stalking is a crime under the laws of all 50 states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Territories, and the federal government. Almost all states classify stalking as a felony upon either the first or second case, or when it involves aggravating factors such as the possession of a deadly weapon, a violation of a court order, or a victim under the age of 16."
Community Oriented Policing Solutions (COPS), January, 2012.
Brooklyn domestic abuse victim dead in apparent murder–suicide after taking boyfriend back
Daily News, March 18, 2010
Veteran NYPD cop busted in Albany for stalking 11–year–old girl on way to school
Daily News, June 24, 2010
Accused multi–state serial stalker Andre Davis jailed
Daily News, January 23, 2009
Felon stalked woman on Web before stabbing her in public, cops say; dying victim whispered his nameNew York Daily News, May 15, 2009
Girl's stalker gets 10'year prison term
New York Daily News, August 27, 2009
Cyberstalking LawsList of current and pending cyberstalking-related United States federal and state laws, related laws from other countries.
Cyberstalker Gets 5 Years' ProbationSeattle Post-Intelligencer, October 30, 2004
Killer Had Stalked Doctor For Years The Tennessean, November 3, 2004
The Consultation Paper on StalkingReport from the Law Reform Commission of Hong Kong, Privacy Sub-Committee, examining existing Hong Kong laws affecting privacy and making recommendations and proposals to provide protection against stalking. [DOC]
Cops Didn't Think Arlia a Threat The Associated Press, March 15, 2002
Impostor Targets Female AthletesSan Francisco Chronicle, June 30, 2002
CyberstalkingMinneapolis Star-Tribune, January 28, 2002
Ex–Coach Gets Jail in StalkingThe Cinncinati Enquirer, July 26, 2001
Female Stalkers Pursue Doctors, PsychiatristsReuters Health, December 3, 2001
Stalking Resource CenterStalking information from the National Center for Victims of Crime.
Law Catching Up With Online Sex CrimesCNN, April 23, 2001
'Obsessed' Man's Baby Monitor BugBBC News, January 17, 2001
'Obsessed' Man Jailed for AttackBBC News, January 18, 2001
California Man Convicted in Cyber–Stalking CaseStar Tribune, August 23, 2001
The Sexual Victimization of College Students, 1995-2002 Report from the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, and National Institute of Justice regarding the sexual victimization of college students, on– and off–campus, including sexual assault, harassment, and stalking.
Slain Woman's Kin Fight Internet BrokersThe Associated Press, December 29, 2000
return to the top
ORGANIZATIONS/AGENCIES(click here for Articles/Information/Research)
National Organization for Victim Assistance
1757 Park Road, NW
Washington, DC 20010
Phone: (202) 232-6682
Toll-free: 1-800-TRY-NOVA
www.try-nova.org
Stalking Resources Center
National Center for Victims of Crime
2000 M Street NW, Suite 480
Washington, DC 20036
Phone: (202) 467-8700
Toll-free: 1-800-FYI-CALL
www.victimsofcrime.org/our-programs/stalking-resource-center/
The Use of Technology to Stalk
www.victimsofcrime.org/our-programs/stalking-resource-center/stalking-information/the-use-of-technology-to-stalk
Working to Halt Online Abuse
PO Box 696
Dover, NH 03821-0696
Phone: (561) 828-2801
www.haltabuse.org
return to the top
SEARCH THE RESOURCES
CHILD ABUSE
> Child Neglect
> Emotional Abuse
> Physical Abuse
> Sexual Abuse
> By Authorities
> Corporal Punishment
CHILD ADVOCACY ORGS
CHILD CARE
CHILD LABOR
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY
> U.S. Reporting Agencies
> Int'l Reporting Agencies
CHILD SAFETY
> Internet Safety
> Latchkey Children
CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE
> Child Sex Tourism
> Corporal Punishment
> Intrafamilial (Incest)
> Male Victims Journal        References
> Prostituted Children
CHILDREN AND MEDICATION
> for "ADHD"
> for "Behavioral Disorders"
> for "Early Puberty"
> for Depression
> "Chemical Restraints"
CIRCLE OF TRUST ABUSE ARTICLES/MEDIA REPORTS
> Circle of Trust Abuse Resources
> Mandated Reporters Resources
CONSCRIPTED CHILDREN:—
aka "Child Soldiers"
CONTACT LEGISLATORS
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE (US)
> Domestic Violence (Int'l)
> Disabled Abuse
> Elder Abuse
DONATIONS/VOLUNTEERS
"FALSE ALLEGATIONS"
> Memory Repression        and/or Recovery
> "UNFOUNDED"
FORCED MARRIAGE
FOSTER CARE
> Adoption
GENOCIDE
HATE CRIMES
> Wartime Rape
HEALTH CARE
> Female Genital Mutilation
HIV and AIDS (US)
> HIV and AIDS (Int'l)
> Pediatric HIV and AIDS
HOTLINES (US)
HOTLINES (Int'l)
HUMAN TRAFFICKING
> Bonded Labor
> Exploitation of Immigrants        by Traffickers/Employers
> Human Organ Trafficking
INFANT ABANDONMENT (U.S.)
> Infant Abandonment (Int'l)
JUVENILE JUSTICE (US)
> Juvenile Justice (Int'l)
> Juvenile Corrections
> Juveniles Tried/Sentenced        as Adults
LEGAL RESOURCES
LESBIAN, GAY, BI and  TRANSGENDER
> Articles & Commentary
MENTAL HEALTH
> Anxiety Related Disorders
> Crisis Intervention
> Depression
> Dissociative Disorders
> Eating Disorders (U.S.)
> Eating Disorders (Int'l)
> Erotomania
> Munchausen's Syndrome        by Proxy
> Self Injury
> Substance Abuse (U.S.)
> Substance Abuse (Int'l)
> Traumatic Stress Disorders
> Trichotillomania        (Hair Pulling)
MISSING CHILDREN
> Stranger Abduction
> Parental Abduction
PAIN MANAGEMENT
PARENTING RESOURCES
> Corporal Punishment
> Teen/Young Adult Parents
PETS/ASSISTANCE ANIMALS
> Abuse and Domestic Violence
> Abuse: Diagnostic Indicators
> Animal Companionship
> Animal Rescue and        Rehabilitation
> Animals for Comfort
Therapy and Court Escorts
> Assistance/Therapy Training
RISK TO YOUTH
>Bullying
>Hazing
>Online Suicides
>Noir Vérité
>Internet Enticement
SEX OFFENDERS
>Treatment
SEXUAL ASSAULT
> Acquaintance/Date Rape
> Campus Rape
> Drug-Facilitated Rape
> Prison Rape
> "Rape Culture"
> Rape as a Weapon of War
> Sexual Harassment
STALKING
> Illegal Surveillance
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS
SWEETHEART SENTENCES
THEOCRACY AS FASCISM
UN CONVENTION ON THE   RIGHTS OF THE CHILD
VICTIM RESOURCES
> Resources for Coping
YOUTH VIOLENCE
EMAIL US WITH  ADDITIONS & UPDATES
ADD RESOURCES  TO YOUR SITE
VACHSS    BIO    WRITINGS    ARTICLES    INTERVIEWS    FAQ    UPDATES
MISSION   FREE DOWNLOADS   GALLERY   DOGS   INSIDERS   RESOURCES
Search The Zero || Site Map || Technical Help || Linkage || Contact The Zero || Main Page
The Zero © 1996-2020 Andrew Vachss. All rights reserved.
How to Cite Articles and Other Material from The ZeroThe URL for this page is: