https://www.nala.ie/policy/nalas-six-policy-recommendations/
[login-with-ajax]
Free courses
Tutors
Teaching resources
All resources
Student workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Learn with NALA
Help with teaching
Getting started as a tutor
Training events
Research
Integrating literacy
Services
Services
Plain English
Editing & Training Services
Plain English Awards
Plain English Mark
Plain English Tips
Integrating Literacy in Further Education Training
Health literacy
Crystal Clear Mark
Health sector services
Public Health Literacy
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Workplace basic education
Research & policy
Research & policy
Access to public services
Education & training
Family literacy
Policy
Health literacy
Literacy & employment
NALA’s six recommendations
Research Reports
Literacy in Ireland
Student advocacy
Support us
Support us
Make a Donation
Become a Member
Corporate sponsorships
Support our campaign
2020 General Election campaign
General Election 2020: NALA’s six policy recommendations
Literacy changes lives. Unmet adult literacy and numeracy needs have devastating consequences for individuals, communities and the economy and are a factor in social exclusion and inequality. Literacy and numeracy shape individual life chances and have an impact on health and wellbeing, work, social and community and family life.
Why we need to address literacy?
Low literacy costs. Strong literacy pays.
The most recent international skills survey shows that 520,000 people aged 16 to 64 find reading and understanding everyday texts difficult: for example, reading a leaflet, bus timetable or medicine instructions. 754,000 people have difficulties using maths in everyday life for example, basic addition, subtraction and calculating averages.
This has a devastating impact on individuals, families and communities. Unmet literacy and numeracy needs costs everyone: our society, economy and environment, financially and democratically.
Strong literacy pays. Since the 1980s we have worked in partnership with learners, tutors, government departments, public services and others to advance adult literacy policy and practice. This work is supported by evidence-based research which examines international best practice, reviews Irish policy and produces recommendations to support people with unmet literacy, numeracy and digital skills needs.
What do we need now?
NALA has six recommendations to improve adult literacy, numeracy and digital skills.
Appoint a Junior Minister for lifelong learning and literacy.
Develop a creative, ambitious and aligned Whole-of-Government Strategy for literacy, numeracy and digital skills over the next 10 years.
Introduce a Plain Language Act to require government and public services to communicate in plain English that the public can understand and use.
All adults with literacy, numeracy and digital needs and or less than a Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) Level 4 qualification should have access to a high quality and relevant learning programme with a local education and training provider that meets the person’s literacy development needs. This would include intensive and flexible options; appropriate supports as required (income, transport, child and elder care), work placement where appropriate and progression opportunities.
Develop new and innovative ways to improve literacy such as:
blended and distance learning,
family literacy, financial literacy, health literacy and media literacy programmes,
bridging programmes to prepare people for other training, and
integrating literacy into vocational education and training programmes.
Introduce a targeted paid learning leave programme for employees in work with unmet literacy, numeracy and digital needs and or less than a QQ Level 4 qualification to develop these skills if they wish to do so.
Sign up to be kept up to date on our latest campaigns.
Full Name*Email*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Text 'LEARN' to 50050
About us
What we do
Annual reports
NALA staff
NALA board
Publications
News and Events
Contact us
Free courses
Learn with NALA
Learn online
Log-in
Tutors
Literacy workbooks
Teaching guidelines
Student information
Services
Plain English
Integrating Literacy in FET
Health literacy
Workplace basic education
Family literacy
Financial literacy
Research & policy
Literacy in Ireland
Research reports
Policy
Student advocacy
Support us
Become a Member
Privacy Statement
Sandford Lodge, Sandford Close, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, Ireland, DO6 YF65.
Phone 01 4127900 | Fax 01 4976038 | Email info@nala.ie
Company No 342807 | CHY: 8506 | RCN: 20020965
Adult Literacy is co-funded by the Irish Government and the European Social Fund (ESF) as part of the ESF Programme for Employability, Inclusion and Learning 2014-2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
You can read our privacy statement here.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.