http://www.kmob.com/terms
Skip to main content
Keyword
Search
×
Subscribe
Terms & Conditions, Legal Disclaimer & Attorney Advertising
Disclaimer/No Attorney-Client Relationship/No Legal Advice/Attorney Advertising
The information on this site is for general informational purposes only.  The information presented in this site is not legal advice or a legal opinion, and it may not necessarily reflect the most current legal developments.  You should seek the advice of legal counsel of your choice before acting upon any of the information in this site.
Contacting us by telephone, email or other means, or transmitting information to us, will not establish an attorney-client relationship.  The attorney-client relationship can only be established after we have determined that we are able and willing to accept the engagement and we have entered into a written engagement agreement.  Until then, do not send any confidential information to us unless we specifically request it.  Information communicated without such authorization may not be treated as confidential, secret or otherwise be protected from disclosure, and Knobbe Martens will not be precluded from representing parties adverse to the sender of such information in any matter.
These materials may be considered advertising for legal services under the laws and rules of professional conduct of the jurisdictions in which we practice.  Under New York’s Code of Professional Responsibility, portions of this website constitute attorney advertising.  Unless otherwise noted on their respective biographies, attorneys listed on this site are not certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization.  Knobbe Martens has endeavored to comply with all known legal and ethical requirements that apply to this site.  Knobbe Martens does not seek to represent anyone based solely on a visit to this site or upon receiving advertising from us, where to do so would not comply with applicable law and rules of ethics.  This website is a communication providing public information about our firm’s availability for professional employment.
No Warranty or Liability
The information in this site is provided “AS-IS,” without representation or warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any representation or warranty as to suitability, reliability, applicability, accuracy, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, result, outcome or any other matter.  We do not represent or warrant that such information is or will be up-to-date, complete or accurate, or free from errors, viruses, spyware, malware, adware, worms or other malicious code, or will function to meet your requirements.
You agree that we are not liable to you or others in any way for any damages of any kind or under any theory arising from this site, your access to or use of or reliance on the information in this site, including, but not limited to, liability or damages under contract, tort or other theories or any damages caused by lost data, malicious code, denials of service (including computer crashes), business interruption or other commercial damages or losses, even if we may have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Intellectual Property Owned by Knobbe Martens
Except as otherwise noted, all trademarks, photographs and other artwork, video clips, and written materials used in this site are protected by copyright laws and are owned or licensed by Knobbe Martens.  You may download information from our site for your temporary, personal, non-commercial use only.  None of these items may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, posted, transmitted, broadcast or otherwise distributed in any manner without our prior written consent.
Licenses to Practice
Except as otherwise noted, the attorneys listed on this site (i) are licensed to practice only in the jurisdictions noted in their biographies and (ii) are not certified by or certified as specialists or experts by any professional or governmental organization or agency.
Additional Information
The information in this site may include descriptions of litigation victories or other successful representations of our clients by Knobbe Martens lawyers.  The results achieved were dependent on many facts.  Results in one matter are not necessarily indicative of success in another matter, even if the facts or circumstances are similar.  There can be no guarantee or assurance of success if we agree to represent a client in any matter.
We designate, to the extent that any jurisdiction requires designation, our Orange County Office as our principal office and host server location and Knobbe Martens partner Ronald Schoenbaum as the attorney responsible for this site.