http://www.ftc.gov/policy/advisory-opinions
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » Policy » Advisory Opinions
Advisory Opinions
FTC staff issue advisory opinions to help clarify FTC rules and decisions, often in response to requests from businesses and industry groups. To find a specific opinion, use the filters on this page.
Displaying 1 - 20 of 380
August 26, 2019
Staff Opinion Letter to Beth Deisher Related to Marking of the Word "Copy" under the Hobby Protection Act (16 CFR Part 304).
Staff Opinion Letter Related to Marking of the Word "Copy" under the Hobby Rules (54.98 KB)
January 3, 2018
Staff Opinion Letter to Clark R. Silcox Related to Mercury Disclosure Requirements for Light Bulbs under the Energy Labeling Rule (16 C.F.R. Part 305).
Staff Opinion Letter Related to Mercury Disclosure Requirements (447.52 KB)
December 14, 2017
Staff Opinion Letter to Donald S. Stein, Esquire, Stating that Pürlin’s Recyclable Bedding is Not Covered by the Textile Act or the Commission’s Textile Rules (16 CFR 303).
Staff Opinion Letter Related to Pürlin’s Recyclable Bedding (2.37 MB)
November 7, 2017
Letter From Markus H. Meier, Assistant Director, Health Care Division, Bureau of Competition, to Jennifer R. Bolster, Esq., Hancock Estabrook, LLP, Concerning Crouse Health Hospital's Proposal To Sell Discounted Pharmaceutical Products to the Employees, Retirees, and Their Dependents of Its Affiliate, Crouse Medical Practice, PLLC, Dated October 20, 2017.
Letter From Markus H. Meier, Assistant Director, Bureau of Competition, Concerning Crouse Health Hospital's Proposal To Sell Discounted Pharmaceutical Products to the Employees, Retirees, and Their Dependents of Its Affiliate, Dated October 20, 2017 (2.37 MB)
Related Release:
FTC Staff Opinion: Crouse Health Hospital’s Proposed Rx Program Is Exempt from Robinson-Patman Act
May 9, 2017
Staff Opinion Letter Addressing Compliance With the Commission Decision and Order in In the Matter of Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Docket No. C-3952, and Copy of the Incoming Request
Staff Opinion Letter Addressing Compliance With the Decision and Order (1.76 MB)
November 10, 2016
Staff opinion letter clarifying Opinion 09-1 concerning the Telemarketing Sales Rule’s applicability to calls utilizing soundboarding technology
Staff Opinion Letter on Soundboarding (110.83 KB)
October 13, 2016
Staff opinion letter related to energy representations for portable air conditioners.
Closing Letter to the Director, Regulatory Affairs, Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers (AHAM) (797.76 KB)
August 5, 2016
Provides compliance guidance to funeral directors prohibited by D.C. law from removals to a funeral home until a death from natural causes is pronounced by a physician.
Opinion 16-2 (59.6 KB)
June 16, 2016
Confirms Opinion 15-1 requirement that Casket Price List must be provided before consumers view caskets, and addresses how funeral provider locations in storefronts, malls and mall kiosks may comply.
Opinion 16-1 (53.08 KB)
April 7, 2016
This Commission Staff Advisory Opinion (1) explains that the Commission's Trade Regulation Rule Concerning Preservation of Consumers' Claims and Defenses, 16 C.F.R. § 433 (the Holder Rule) protects consumers who enter into credit contracts with a seller of goods or services by preserving their right to assert claims and defenses against any holder of the contract, even if the original seller subsequently assigns the contract to a third-party creditor, and (2) advises the U.S. Department of Education that -- just as courts commonly allow consumers to assert time-barred claims defensively, even if they would not be able to assert such claims in an affirmative lawsuit -- the Holder Rule would permit the time-barred claims or defenses against the holder, if state law would permit the time-barred claims or defenses against the seller.
Letter From Stephanie Rosenthal, Chief of Staff, Division of Financial Practices, Bureau of Consumer Protection, To Jeff Appel, Deputy Under Secretary, U.S. Department of Education (440.59 KB)
Incoming Request For Commission Staff Advisory Opinion From the U.S. Department of Education (409.83 KB)
June 29, 2015
Addresses why placing a consumer in the casket display room to wait to speak with a funeral director violates the funeral rule unless the consumer first has been shown a casket price list.
Opinion 15-1 (33.92 KB)
November 5, 2014
Discusses whether statutory and catalog sales exemption from definition of telemarketing applies to seller that solicits inbound calls in response to mailed catalogs, but does not complete a sale during the call.
opinion_14-1.pdf (157.27 KB)
April 28, 2014
Advises that pursuant to the Commission’s Energy Labeling Rule, 16 CFR 305, manufacturers may make dual-flush volume disclosures that are not specifically generated by the Department of Energy’s test procedure as long as the representations are not deceptive and otherwise comply with the provisions of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act. (174.16 KB)
March 10, 2014
Addresses whether a group purchasing organization based prescription-drug program operated for the benefit of a group of non-profit schools, colleges, and universities would fall within the Non-Profit Institutions Act (NPIA) exemption to the Robinson-Patman Act
Staff Advisory Opinion Letter from Markus H. Meier, Assistant Director, Health Care Division, Bureau of Competition, to James L.S. Cobb, Esq., Wyrick Robbins Yates & Ponton LLP, Concerning Quest Analytics Group’s Proposal for a Group Purchasing Organization Based Prescription Drug Program (280.84 KB)
Related Release:
FTC Staff Opinion: Rx Program Operated for the Benefit of Non-Profit Schools, Colleges, and Universities Appears to Fall within the NPIA Exemption to Robinson-Patman
September 4, 2013
Staff Advisory Opinion Letter from Michael Bloom, Assistant Director for Policy & Coordination, Bureau of Competition, to Ezra C. Levine, Esq. (3.25 MB)
Related Release:
FTC Staff Issues Advisory Opinion That Information Exchange Program Proposed by United States Money Transmitters Is Unlikely to Harm Competition and May Enhance Consumer Protection Goals
April 15, 2013
Advises that, consistent with the Department of Energy (“DOE”) enforcement policy on new regional standards for furnaces, the FTC staff will not recommend enforcement action against manufacturers that do not use the new label required by 16 C.F.R. Part 305 pending resolution of ongoing DOE litigation.
April 15, 2013 Letter from Hampton Newsome, Staff Attorney, Division of Enforcement, Bureau of Consumer Protection (103.18 KB)
April 15, 2013
Addresses online label disclosure issues under the Energy Labeling Rule (16 C.F.R. Part 305).
April 15, 2013, Letter from Hampton Newsome, Staff Attorney, Division of Enforcement, Bureau of Consumer Protection (98.09 KB)
February 13, 2013
Letter from Markus H. Meier, Assistant Director, Health Care Division, Bureau of Competition to Michael E. Joseph, Esq., McAfee & Taft, Concerning Norman PHO’s Proposal to Create a “Clinically Integrated” Network, dated February 13, 2013 (1.3 MB)
Incoming Letter from Norman Physician Hospital Organization, dated May 26, 2011 [Redacted Public Version] (2.5 MB)
Related Release:
FTC Staff Advises Oklahoma Physician Hospital Organization That it Will Not Recommend Antitrust Challenge to Proposed Formation of Clinically Integrated Multi-provider Network
January 3, 2013
Clarifies how funeral providers should disclose additional charges for atypical services on the GPL and Statement of Funeral Goods and Services Selected.
Opinion 13-1 (26.22 KB)
January 3, 2013
Addresses Funeral Rule requirements for disclosing charges for collecting insurance or trust proceeds.
Opinion 13-2 (24.51 KB)
Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public CommentsPublic Comments Archive
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Filters
Keyword
Topics
- Any -Antitrust/Competition  -Health Care Antitrust Issues  -Other Antitrust IssuesConsumer Protection  -Energy  -Enforcement Issues  -FCRA  -Franchise & Business Opportunities  -Funeral Rule  -Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and Privacy Rule  -Holder Rule  -Pay-Per-Call Services  -Resale of Consumer Electronics  -Telemarketing  -Textile Rules  -Warranties
Date
Start date
Enter Start Date
E.g., December 11, 2020
End date
Enter End Date
E.g., December 11, 2020
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC