http://www.2-in-2-1.co.uk/others/privacy.html
Site Areas
Wedding Centre
Health Club
Marriage Clinic
Chapel
University
Citizen's Centre
Coffee Shop
Admin Centre
Contents
Articles
Books
CDs / Videos
Tips
Services
Resources
Forums
Membership
Contact Us
Site map
Link to Us
Search
In association with:
Home
Privacy Statement
2-in-2-1 Limited has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site. 2-in-2-1 is registered under the UK Data Protection Act, registration 4473935.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information and to track user patterns of different areas and themes within the site.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of our members. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Session cookies are also used in the administration of the Wedding Planning system to ensure that only users who have entered a valid password have access to the relevant areas of this system.
The bulletin board uses cookies to store the last time you logged in, your username and password, and your preferred "topic view", if you set it in preferences. These cookies are stored on your browser.
If you wish to unsubscribe from your membership click here. This action will remove the cookie from your computer.
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Member Registration Forms and Surveys
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal code), personal information (marital status and date of marriage), and demographic information (like their postal code, age).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to tailor information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers, and to get in touch with the customer when appropriate with lifestyle information relevant to their stage of marriage.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), and demographic information (like their postal code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers, and to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. 2-in-2-1 is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
2-in-2-1 works with a range of Business and Service Partners to provide the content of this site. This information is retained and managed by 2-in-2-1. On occasions 2-in-2-1 works with partners to identify and promote specific services to groups of users with particular lifestyle needs.
2-in-2-1 logs all entry/exits from the site through links with our partners on an aggregate basis so as to build a mutual understanding of customer interests and behaviour.
Public Forums and message boards
This site makes forums and message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Considering the real-time nature of the bulletin board, it is impossible for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. Please remember that we do not actively monitor the contents of posted messages and are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of 2-in-2-1 or any entity associated with 2-in-2-1. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary. This is a manual process, however, so please realize that we may not be able to remove or edit particular messages immediately.
You agree, through your use of the BB service, that you will not use it to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law. You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by 2-in-2-1.
Although 2-in-2-1 does not and cannot review the messages posted and is not responsible for the content of any of these messages, we reserve the right to delete any message for any or no reason whatsoever. You remain solely responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless 2-in-2-1 Ltd., Jelsoft Ltd (the makers of the bulletin board software), and their agents with respect to any claim based upon transmission of your message(s).
We at 2-in-2-1 also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guidelines
This site DOES NOT MEET the Online Privacy Protection Act guidelines in that this site allows children to post personally identifiable information without first obtaining verifiable parental consent.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us.
If you wish to unsubscribe from your membership of 2-in-2-1 click here
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
info@2-in-2-1.co.uk
or use the Contact Form
or write to us at:-
2-in-2-1 Limited
11 Lamborne Close
Sandhurst, Berkshire
GU47 8JL
UK
Telephone/Fax 01344779658
Hot Picks
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Discuss
-
Marriage news from around the world
-
Coffee Shop Chat - have some fun!!
-
Marriage Problems - ask for help!
-
Visit the Index
Send to Friend
E-Mail this page to a friend
2-in-2-1 Today
Take our Couple Checkup - put your relationship on strong foundations by checking out the strengths and growth areas!
Difficulties communicating? - 55 cards to improve your couple communication
What people say about 2-in-2-1 - we thrive on your feedback!
Couples Wanted!! - for TV and press enquiries - tell your story!
Cyber sex and Internet addiction - is the internet threatening your marriage??
Copyright ©1999-2020 2-in-2-1 Limited. All rights reserved. Disclaimer Privacy Statement