http://www.ivorytowers.net/s/help/photos.php
Ivory Towers
Log in
Username (or Email Address):
Password:
Stay Logged In
Forgotten Password?
Log in
OR
Log in with Facebook
Connections
Find
Messages
Menu
Connections
First Impressions
The quickest way to connect with others.
Matches
Find out who you match with.
Profile Views
See who's viewed your profile and whose profiles you've viewed.
Favourites
View the members you have favourited.
Fans
View members who have favourited your profile.
Mutual Fans
Find out if any of the members you've added as a favourite is also a fan of yours.
Find
Search
Discover people by performing a basic or an advanced search.
New
View our newest members.
Online
See who is currently logged in.
Popular
View the most popular profiles.
Gallery
View members who have recently uploaded a photo.
Modified
View the most recently modified profiles.
Username
Look up members by their username.
Keyword
Search for profiles containing a particular word or phrase.
Menu
Subscribe
Rates
Everything you need to know about our subscription prices.
Subscribe Now
Have a look at our prices and subscribe.
Gifts
Information about buying subscriptions as gifts for other members.
Subscription Status
Information on your current subscription status and your subscription history.
Help & Info
FAQ
Not sure how something works?
Most of the common questions our users ask are answered here.
Contact Us
If you can't find the answer to your question in the FAQ, just ask us.
Report Abuse
Report abuse from other members.
Safety
Hints and tips on safe dating.
Community Guidelines
Guidelines on keeping it a safe and enjoyable community for all members.
Privacy Policy
Your details are safe with us.
Read the specifics of our privacy policy here.
Terms of Use
Use of this site signifies your agreement to our terms of use.
Read the details here.
Network Services
Profiles may be shared across our network. Find out more here.
Photo Help
Hints and tips for uploading photos.
Tell a Friend
Have a single friend? Tell them about Ivory Towers.
Success Stories
Real-life stories of members who've found love online at Ivory Towers.
Articles
Looking for inspiration?
Read our collection of articles about online dating.
Photo Help
Adding a photo to your profile will dramatically increase the number of responses your receive.
The below information will help you get the best results.
Photo Upload Criteria
Choosing your Photo
Private Photos
Photo Upload Criteria
You can upload JPG, JPEG, GIF, PNG, BMP, TIFF or PCX format.
The file size of your photo should not be bigger than 8 MB.
There are no restrictions on the dimensions of the photo you upload. We will automatically resize it if it's too large, but we will not stretch it if it's too small.
You may upload a maximum of 10 photos.
To upload a photo, click on the 'Browse...' button in the Upload Photo section to locate and select your photo. Click on the 'Upload' button and you are done!
All photos are subject to approval by our support team before they're visible to others. Photos are usually approved by the following working day, however this may take longer at times of high upload volumes.
You may choose a square profile version for newly added photos. This will be used where smaller versions of your photos are displayed.
(Note:
The support team might override your selection if it's not suitable.)
Your main profile photo is the first photo that others will see when they view your profile. It must be a recent, clear head and shoulders photo of yourself only. Side profiles or photos where a deliberate attempt is made to obscure your face will not be approved for use as your main profile photo.
Photos you upload that we, at our discretion, deem too risqué will be approved for private use only.
If you repeatedly upload photos that do not meet our upload criteria, you may be permanently banned from uploading photos.
If you repeatedly upload the same photo it will be considered as a deliberate attempt to be featured in the Gallery in order to boost your popularity and will result in your profile being permanently banned from the Gallery and Popular Profiles list. Play nice and let others share the limelight!
The Do's and Don'ts when choosing your photo
Photo Do's
Show off your SMILE! A friendly face attracts much more attention.Your main profile photo must be a recent, clear head and shoulders photo.Upload photos showing a variety of aspects of your life.Make sure your photo is the right way up.A picture paints a 1000 words - use photos that show you at your best!
Photo Don'ts
Photos of pets, children or random objects on their own will not be approved.Images of celebrities, cartoons, copyrighted material will be rejected.Photos that contain personal contact information are not allowed.Photos that are too small or of poor quality - too dark, bright, blurry, etc. - may not be accepted.Sexually explicit, obscene or other material that we deem potentially offensive to others will be deleted.
Private photos
Private photos are not visible to everyone.
You can either set them to be visible to your Favourites or invite specific members to view them. Only members with a subscription will be able to view your private photos.
Here's how it works:
Photos you want everyone to see - select the 'Visible to Everyone' option.
For photos you only want your Favourites to see - select the 'Visible to my Favourites only' option.
For photos you only want to show a select few - select the 'Visible by Invitation only' option.
If you want no-one to see a specific photo - select the 'Hide this photo from everyone' option.
Success Stories
Safety
Community Guidelines
Help & Info
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Operated for Widernet Communications Limited by The Dating Lab.
Copyright © 1997-2020, The Dating Lab.
All rights reserved.