http://www.vonbriesen.com/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Email Sign-up
Contact Us
Connect With Us
Search
Home
Our People
Our Services
Events
Legal News
About the Firm
Locations
Our Vision
Community Involvement
TAGLaw
Careers
Attorney Positions
Summer Associates
Staff Positions
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy and ADA Compliance Policy
ADA Compliance PolicyMay 2019
von Briesen & Roper, s.c. is committed to ensuring the accessibility of its website for people with disabilities. New and updated web content produced by our firm will endeavor to meet Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0, Level AA.
We use SiteImprove to monitor and correct compliancy issues to ensure this website continues to meet accessibility standards as described above. For security purposes all of the email addresses on our website have a layer of security applied to prevent bots from extracting that data. Users can click on email addresses, which will open your default email program. Users will not be allowed to copy and paste email addresses.
Privacy NoticeMay 2019
Privacy Statement for von Briesen & Roper s.c.
von Briesen & Roper, s.c. has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: vonbriesen.com (http://www.vonbriesen.com).
What Personal Information Do We Gather From Those Who Visit Our Site?
When you visit our website, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose, and information that we automatically collect as you browse our website.
Information You Voluntarily Submit. We collect and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in offline contacts we have with you. Information is collected from visitors to the website in the following areas:
Registration Forms - You may register for electronic newsletters and to attend seminars and/or webcasts on various areas of the website. This information will generally contain contact information and preferences regarding the event or material for which you desire to register.
Employment Applications
- You may submit information related to job opportunities with us. Please note that your submission of pre-employment information may be further governed by specific provisions that appear on the Careers & Recruitment section of our website.
Email - On every screen of our site you have an opportunity to communicate with us by e-mail. You may also choose to provide your e-mail address to receive communications from us.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically. When you browse our website, you do so anonymously. We do automatically log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), the web pages you visit and the time of your visit, but we do not link this information to anything that could identify you personally. The only other type of information automatically provided to us is the type of computer, operating system and browser you are using. This information is provided by your browser, which we use to improve the performance of our site.
We may also place small data files, called “cookies,” in the browser file of your computer’s hard drive. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with the website. We use the cookies to record website statistics. Most browsers automatically accept the cookies, but you usually can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies. Certain web pages may not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies.
Do not attempt to communicate with us about your specific legal issue, even in an emergency, through this website. We do not monitor your communications to us through this website for these purposes and we will not respond to your communication.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Information You Voluntarily Submit. We use your personal information to process your information requests. Unless otherwise noted, this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent. We may also communicate with you, if and when necessary, in connection with your use of our website, to respond to your questions, or to send you material and information you request. We will use your information to:
Process your request for materials if you make one
Possibly respond directly to you for clarification
Register you for a newsletter or to attend a seminar and/or webcast, if you request it
Provide you with information regarding new services and general information about our services. (NOTE: You may elect not to receive these communications, either when you initially register at our site, or at any time thereafter. See the section of this Privacy Statement called “Choice/Opt Out.”)
Information Collected and Stored Automatically. We may use your website information to help diagnose problems with our site. We may use all information we collect to analyze statistical use patterns and demographic data (basically, where our visitors come from and what demographic characteristics they have) and to improve our site to better serve our clients. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to help identify you as a new or returning visitor and to gather broad demographic information. We may also prepare and keep statistical records and other data about you and other users of our site, but we do that in a way that does not identify you or any other user personally. We may hire third parties to help us collect and analyze such data, and we may share such statistical data with third parties. Again, such statistical data will not specifically identify you or any other user. We use this information to help us make our website more useful to visitors - to learn about the number of visitors to our website, what part of the website they are interested in, how long they use the website, and the types of technology our visitors use.
Disclosing Your Personal Information to Others
Except in the limited circumstances stated in this paragraph, we do not sell, rent, license, trade or otherwise disclose the personal information of our website visitors to unaffiliated third parties. We may share such information among our affiliates as necessary to provide you with the information and services you request. We may disclose information about you if and when we believe it is necessary to comply with any law, rule, court order, or subpoena, or to enforce our legal rights or the rules of this website, or to protect our business, property and operations, or in connection with a sale, acquisition, merger or other business combination of our business with a third party.
Some areas of the website may allow you to conduct e-commerce transactions (such as registration or a product or service request). In connection with these transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction. This information may be furnished to a third party in order to facilitate the transaction.
Links to Other Sites
We may create links to other websites that we think may be of interest to you. We do not endorse any other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to your use of our website. We have not reviewed the privacy policies of any websites we link to our website, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may collect about you.
Security
We have taken steps to make all information received from our online visitors secure against unauthorized access and use. All information is protected by our security measures, which are periodically reviewed. We limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
California Privacy Notice
We do not disclose a user’s personal data to any third-party for such third-party’s direct marketing purposes. Thus, under California Civil Code Sections 1798.80-1798.84, we have no obligation to a California resident to provide further information regarding our use of a California resident’s personal data.
Children’s Privacy
This website is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. By using this website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the firm and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the website. If you are under 18 years old, please do not provide any personal information, even if prompted by the website to do so. If you are under 18 years old and you believe you have provided personal information to us, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) to notify us and we will delete all such personal information.
In order to respect the privacy of minors, the firm does not knowingly collect, maintain or process any personal information submitted online via our website by anyone under the age of 18. To the extent the firm collects personal information on minors in the context of one of the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy, the firm will only do so with the appropriate consent or as otherwise permitted under applicable law.
Notice to Residents of Europe Economic Area and the U.K.
Under the GDPR, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data for the items set forth below.
1.	Access: Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request a copy of the personal information we are processing about you, which we will provide to you in electronic form.
2.	Rectification: You have the right to require that any incomplete or inaccurate personal information that we process about you is amended.
3.	Deletion: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we process about you.
4.	Restriction: You have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal information where: (a) you believe such information to be inaccurate, (b) our processing is unlawful but you oppose the deletion of your personal information, (c) we no longer need to process such information for a particular purpose, but where we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because we require the information in connection with legal claims, or (d) you have objected to the processing of your personal information.
5.	Portability: You have the right to request that we transmit the personal information we hold in respect of you to another data controller, where this is (a) personal information which you have provided to us, (b) the processing is by automated means, and (c) we are processing that information on the basis of your consent or in order to perform our obligations under a contract to you.
6.	Objection: Where the legal justification for our processing of your personal information is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim.
7.	Withdrawing Consent: If we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This includes cases where you wish to opt out from marketing messages that you receive from us.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our Privacy Manager. Please note that some of these rights may be limited where we have an overriding legitimate interest or legal obligation to continue to process the personal information, or where the personal information may be exempt from disclosure due to applicable law, the applicable rules of professional conduct, attorney-client privilege, legal professional privilege, other applicable privileges or protections, or professional secrecy obligations.
No Fee
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data or to exercise any of the other above-listed rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Requirements From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time Limit to Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Transferring Your Information to the United States
Security
Since we are committed to your privacy and security, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. We will maintain and upgrade our security measures by implementing improved technologies as we deem reasonably necessary to maintain the foregoing procedures. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
Children’s Privacy
Our website is not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
Changes in our Privacy Policy
By using our website, you consent to our collection and the use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policy and procedures, we will post these changes on our website. You have the opportunity to review the privacy policy each time you use the website so that you are aware of any modifications made to these policies.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. You have the following options for reviewing or removing your information from our database so you will no longer receive communications from us.
You can send email to
You can send mail to:
von Briesen & Roper, s.c.
Attention: Webmaster
411 East Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1000
Milwaukee, WI 53202
You can call: (414) 276-1122
Questions About Our Privacy Policy
If you have questions about our website and our privacy policy or disclaimer, please contact the Webmaster at
or mail us at von Briesen & Roper, s.c., Attention: Webmaster, 411 East Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1000, Milwaukee, WI 53202.
Industry Leader
von Briesen has transformed the traditional law firm into a modern platform for legal innovation. We combine our industry leading expertise with innovative technology and a creative approach to problem-solving to generate game-changing advantages for our progressive clients.
von Briesen University
von Briesen University is the Firm’s in-house technology and skills-building programming. vBU is a commitment to our investment in our most important asset, our people.