http://www.fundraisingfruit.com/terms
Call Us Toll Free Today!
An FFA representative will be waiting
to answer ALL of your questions
1-800-613-7848
Client Login
Fundraising FAQs
Contact Us
How It Works
Products & Pricing
We Help YOU Market!
Results
Place Your Order
Mail Order
Terms of Service
This page details how we gather and disseminate information in an effort to demonstrate our commitment to only privacy.  Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.Use of Registration InformationOur site's registrations requires customers to supply contact information, such as name and E-mail address, and demographic information, such as ZIP codes, or other information.  We use this information to send promotional materials from our company, but we never share this personal information with any other company. Use of Order InformationWhen you place an order, Indianriverfruits.com requests information such as contact information, credit card number and demographic information.  The contact information you provide is used to send your orders, and occasionally, promotional material from our company.  Your credit card information is used for the sole purpose of billing you for products and services.  Demographic data is collected to personalize future visits by displaying the content we feel would interest you most.Use of Gift Recipient InformationInformation collected about gift recipients is used for the sole purpose of shipping gift items.  Information may be removed or modified by you at any time.  Recipients may request to be removed by contacting our Customer Service Department by E-mail at www.fundraisingfruit.com or telephone at 1-800-613-7848.SecurityFlorida Fruit Association  features security measures to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control by limiting access to our computers storing your personal information, and uses encryption technology to scramble private data as it is being transmitted to our servers.Opt-In-Opt-Out Specials and PromotionsIndian River Fruit Company allows users to opt-out of receiving E-mails Specials and Promotions from us.  To opt out of our E-mail Specials and Promotions please send an E-mail to admin@fundraisingfruit.com with Unsubscribe as the subject line.Policy ChangesIf we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post it here.Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us:Florida Fruit Association, P.O. Box 6188, Vero Beach, Fl   32961  Toll Free 1-800-613-7848
© 2020 Florida Fruit Association, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
Toll-Free: 1-800-613-7848
716 20th Ave, Vero Beach, FL
Home |
Contact Us |
How It Works |
Products & Pricing |
We Help YOU Market!
Fundraising FAQs |
Results |
Place Your Order |
Mail Order
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Refund Policy | Client Login
Website Design by Luminus Media, LLC