http://www.pachamama.org/policies
×Close
Watch the full 2020 Global Community Gathering
Global Commons
About
Learn & Engage
Journeys
Amazon Advocacy
Resources
Donate
Policies
Equal Opportunity Employment
Privacy Policy
Commenting Policy
Whistleblower Policy
Board Approval of Compensation
Environmental Policy Statement
Document Retention Policy
Equal Opportunity Employment
It is the policy of Pachamama Alliance to provide equal opportunity to all employees, applicants and program beneficiaries; to provide equal opportunity for advancement of employees; to provide program and employment facilities which are accessible to those with disabilities; to select its Board members; and administer its programs in a manner that does not discriminate against any person because of race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, veteran’s status, national origin, ancestry, socio-economic status, physical disability, age, political affiliation or citizenship.
Privacy Policy
Pachamama Alliance is committed to the privacy of our donors and people who visit our website. Outlined here are the policies we use to protect your privacy and safeguard any information you entrust to us.
When you fill out a form on pachamama.org, for instance to make a donation or register for an event, we collect and store your email address. If you provide it, we also store your name, address, and telephone number.
The names and addresses of donors are kept in a secure database to send thank you and tax letters. When you fill out any form on our website, your email address is also added to our email list. We email a quarterly newsletter about Pachamama Alliance, periodic event invitations, and fundraising appeals. If you ever decide you do not want these updates, you can request to be removed from the list by editing your preferences using the link within the email, by replying to the email with the request to be removed, or by emailing the request to be removed to info@pachamama.org.
You can request a copy of your personal data such as email address, name, physical address, etc. that we have on file at any time. You may also request that we delete all of your personal data from our database.
Email your requests to info@pachamama.org.
Your donation is processed via a safe, secure and private facility for making online credit card gifts. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. Pachamama Alliance does not have any credit card information retrievable on the website and all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks (Liquid Web, HubSpot, Salesforce) that have industry-standard security measures in place, and we only share personally identifiable information to employees and third parties who need the information to perform a specific responsibility, and who have special access rights and passwords to such systems. Employees and third parties are required to keep the information confidential.
Our servers may automatically recognize the following information: visitors' IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet), Internet service provider, browser type, computer platform, referring website, date and time of access, and links clicked through. No personal information about you is revealed in this process. Our website may also gather anonymous "traffic data" that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for our marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
From time to time, we may use the "cookie" and/or "flash cookie" features of major browser and plug-in applications that allow us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our website. We do not include any personally identifiable information in these cookies. Cookies help us learn which areas of our website are useful and which areas may need improvement. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our website, or for similar purposes. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing your system settings. However, if you choose to disable cookie functions, your experience at our website may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.
We do not sell, disclose or share any information or list with any outside organizations. No donation history is made available to any party outside Pachamama Alliance. We provide information about major contributions to tax authorities as required by law.
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, or want to review your personal information and request a correction, please email us at info@pachamama.org.
Except as may be expressly provided in this policy, no personal data of a visitor to the Pachamama Alliance website is collected.
Commenting Policy
We at Pachamama Alliance do not pre-moderate any comments and welcome all kinds of thoughts- supportive, dissenting, critical or otherwise.
Maintaining Respectful Dialogue
We do not discriminate based on the person who is posting, will not censor comments for political or ideological reasons and do not remove comments because we disagree with its viewpoint or ideology.
However, in order to maintain a respectful atmosphere for all, we do reserve the right to delete comments if we deem the content:
contains personal attacks
contains hate speech *
is abusive
is off-topic
is spam **
uses excessively foul language
*We do not allow hate speech, nor do we allow speech that advocates or supports hatred or unlawful violence. We do not allow racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-Semitism, or other intolerance. Additionally, threats of violence or threats to anyone or any group's personal safety are not acceptable.
**A link to a personal blog is fine, but comments containing business solicitations or other advertising of personal interests, blogs, or websites may be considered spam.
A commenter who has previously posted comments that include any of the above may be banned and prevented from commenting on the site in the future.
Whistleblower Policy
General
Pachamama Alliance requires staff, officers and volunteers to observe high standards of business and personal ethics in the conduct of their duties and responsibilities. As employees and representatives of the organization, we must practice honesty and integrity in fulfilling our responsibilities and comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
Reporting Responsibility
It is the responsibility of all staff, officers and volunteers to comply with the Pachamama Alliance policy of reporting violations or suspected violations in accordance with the organization's Whistleblower Policy.
No Retaliation
No staff, officer or volunteer who in good faith reports a violation shall suffer harassment, retaliation or adverse consequence. Any one who retaliates against someone who has reported a violation in good faith is subject to discipline up to and including termination of employment. This Whistleblower Policy is intended to encourage and enable employees and others to raise serious concerns within the organization prior to seeking resolution outside the organization.
Reporting Violations
Pachamama Alliance subscribes to the principle of an open door policy and encourages employees, officers and volunteers to share their questions, concerns, suggestions or complaints with someone who can address them properly. In most cases, an employee's or a volunteer's team is in the best position to address an area of concern. However, if you are not comfortable speaking with your team or you are not satisfied with the response you receive, you are encouraged to speak with any Corporate Officer (the CEO, Corporate Treasurer or Corporate Secretary), or anyone on the Board of Directors with whom you are comfortable in approaching.
Corporate Officers are required to report suspected violations to the Pachamama Alliance's Compliance Officer who has specific and exclusive responsibility to investigate all reported violations. For suspected fraud, or when you are not satisfied or uncomfortable with following the organization's open door policy, individuals should contact the organization's Compliance Officer directly (see Board of Directors list for current Compliance Officer).
Compliance Officer
The Pachamama Alliance's Compliance Officer is the chair of the board audit committee. The Compliance Officer is responsible for investigating and resolving all reported complaints and allegations concerning violations of company policy and, at his/her discretion, shall advise the CEO and/or the audit committee. The Compliance Officer has direct access to the audit committee of the board of directors and is required to report to the audit committee at least annually on compliance activity.
Accounting and Auditing Matters
The audit committee of the board of directors shall address all reported concerns or complaints regarding corporate accounting practices, internal controls or auditing. The Compliance Officer shall immediately notify the audit committee of any such complaint and work with the committee until the matter is resolved.
Acting in Good Faith
Anyone filing a complaint concerning a violation or suspected violation must be acting in good faith and have reasonable grounds for believing the information disclosed indicates a violation of the organization's regulation policy. Any allegations that prove not to be substantiated and which prove to have been made maliciously or knowingly to be false will be viewed as a serious disciplinary offense.
Confidentiality
Violations or suspected violations may be submitted on a confidential basis by the complainant or may be submitted anonymously. Reports of violations or suspected violations will be kept confidential to the extent possible, consistent with the need to conduct an adequate investigation.
Handling of Reported Violations
The Compliance Officer will notify the sender and acknowledge receipt of the reported violation or suspected violation within five business days. All reports will be promptly investigated and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation.
Presidio Building #1009
P.O. Box 29191
San Francisco, California 94129-9191
T +1 415 561 4522
F +1 415 561 4521
pachamama.org
Board Approval of Compensation
The Pachamama Alliance’s Board of Directors is responsible for hiring, and establishing the compensation (salary and benefits) of the Executive Director/CEO. An independent body conducts a comparability review to learn what nonprofit employers with similar missions, and of similar budget size, that are located in the same, or a similar geographic region, pay their senior leaders. A documented process is used to conduct the review, and a description of the Board’s decision to approve the Executive Director’s compensation and benefits are included in the meeting Minutes. The Chair of the board of directors, who is a volunteer and not compensated by Pachamama Alliance, will operate independently without undue influence from the Executive Director.
Support Our Work
Reallocating your resources toward Pachamama Alliance is a transformative experience that connects you with the life of the Achuar and the rainforest.
Donate Now
Explore Giving Options
Instagram
Linked In