http://www.sexualoffenders.com/privacy.php
SexualOffenders.com
allows citizens to share information they have about criminal sex offenders,
exchange resource links and post comments in a social style community. Daily
updates with links to state and county government sex offender registries,
sheriff's offices and news of sex crimes and related prosecution.
Search
Home
Select a State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington DC
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
SEARCH: STATE OR COUNTY SEX
OFFENDER DATABASES, NEWS ARTICLES
Login | Register for free
Search for Sex Offenders by Zip Code Now:
Search now!
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy, and we want you to feel comfortable using the SexualOffenders.com
web site. Therefore, we are providing you with this privacy policy so you can
better understand how we collect information about you, what we do with your information, and who, other than SexualOffenders.com may also receive your information.
Third Patry Ads
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email.
At www.SexualOffenders.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.SexualOffenders.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.SexualOffenders.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.SexualOffenders.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.SexualOffenders.com
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.SexualOffenders.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.SexualOffenders.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (Such as Cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.SexualOffenders.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.SexualOffenders.com privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
As our web visitors' needs change, we may find it necessary to amend or revise this Privacy Policy. Any such revisions or additions will be posted on this page. Please re-visit this page from time to time to make sure that you are aware of any additions or revisions to this policy. If you have any concern about privacy, please send a thorough description via e-mail and we try to resolve it.
As Seen on
Used and Recommended by Local Law Enforcement Across the USA
Recent Comments
Recent CommentsPowered by Disqus
Top CommentersPowered by Disqus
Helpful Links:
FBI National Sex Offender ListA public website coordinated by the Department of Justice - enables every citizen to search the latest information from all 50 states.Rape, Abuse, Incest - NetworkThe nation's largest anti-sexual violence organization.Child Lure PreventionThie site helps ensure the personal safety of children and youth through increased awareness, education, advocacy and action.
Contact Us |
Terms | Privacy
Policy | Press
| RSS Feeds | Follow Us On Twitter
© 2015 SexualOffenders.com -- All Rights Reserved --