http://www.air1.com/policies/donor-privacy-policy
LISTEN
Music
Music
Artists
Songs & Lyrics
Music Blog
Listen Online
Find a Station
Listen Anywhere
Become an Air1 Influencer
DJs
DJs
Dan & Michelle
Lee
Mandy
Ashton
Careth
Faith
Verse of the Day
Faith Blog
Pastors
Request Prayer
Pray for Others
Share Your Story
59 Seconds of Hope
Contests
Contests
Rules
Text Clubs
Events
Events
Dare To Dream
Hits Deep Tour 2021
Submit Event
News
Trending News
Closer Look
About Us
Mission, Beliefs & Values
Contact Us
Help
Ways To Give
Why Give?
Careers
Leadership
Finances
Sign In
DONATE
LISTEN LIVE
Let The Light In
Kari Jobe
Recently Played
Station Finder
Donor Privacy Policy
We, at Educational Media Foundation ("EMF", "we" or "us") are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy governs the activities of EMF, which is a California non-profit religious organization, operating Christian media ministries under the brands K-LOVE, Air1, AccessMore, WTA Media, Crisis Response Care, Air1’s Dare to Dream, Pray4One and more.  We have developed this Donor Privacy Policy to inform you of the way we use your personal information in connection with your generous donations to EMF.
Information We Collect About You:  When you make a donation or pledge to us, whether by phone or online through one of our websites like Klove.com, Air1.com, crisisresponse.org (Crisis Response Care), and our other websites, we may collect and maintain personal information from you about your donation or pledge, as follows:
contact information:name, complete address, phone number, email address
payment information: credit card number and expiration date, financial institution, and billing information
information you wish to share: questions, comments, suggestions, personal testimonies, prayer requests
donation history
If you interact with us for services or activities other than making a pledge or donation, whether by viewing other areas of our websites or mobile applications, attending our live events, requesting prayer, pastoral care or other services from us, or otherwise, we may collect and use additional personal information; please refer to our general Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information:  For your donations and pledges, we use your personal information to complete your donation transactions. In addition, we may use your personal information to better understand your needs and provide you with better ministry or service experiences.  We may also use your information to communicate back to you concerning your donation transactions, and update you on ministry stories, results, and key initiatives. It’s important for you to know credit card numbers are encrypted and used only for donation or payment processing (first two and last four digits only) and are not retained for other purposes.
Information We Share.  As more fully detailed in our general Privacy Policy (which this Donor Privacy Policy supplements), we may share your information with trusted third party partners for business purposes, such as to process your donation payment transactions or where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve our services / communications for the benefit of our donors.  We also may share certain information with our third party partners to present special advertisements to our donors about our products and services that we think may be of interest when visiting our websites or visiting the sites of our advertising partners, such as Facebook, Instagram and other social media networks. For options regarding personalized ads, please see our general Privacy Policy, under the Sections on “Cookies” and "Exercising your Privacy Rights."
How Long We Hold Your Personal Information.  We consider our relationship with our donor community to be lifelong, and we retain your personal donor information indefinitely unless you explicitly request that we delete your information.  In accordance with our legal obligations, and tax and accounting rules, we need to retain some of your donation payment-related data even if you request deletion of your information.  When we no longer need to retain your payment information, we will dispose of it securely, at the appropriate time.
Removing Your Name From Our Mailing List.  Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list (however, we may still communicate with you for a period of time concerning your active pledge and donation transactions).
Exercise Your Privacy Rights.  To exercise your privacy rights to access, delete or request that we do not sell your personal information, see our general Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us.  If you have comments or questions about our Donor Privacy Policy or to opt-out or exercise your privacy rights as provided above, please contact us, as follows:
-- Email us at privacy@kloveair1.com
-- Use the Contact Us form on this website
-- Call us toll-free at one of the numbers below:
K-LOVE:  1-800-525-5683 and select option 2
Air1:  1-888-937-2471 and select option 2
October 29, 2020
Do you love Air1? Sign up for music updates!
Sign Up for Air1 Music Emails
Sign Up
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
LinkedIn
Radio Apps
Music
Listen Online
Recently Played Songs
Find a Station
Listen Anywhere
Become an Air1 Influencer
Faith
Verse of the Day
Submit a Prayer Request
Contests and Events
Regional Contests
Rules
Text Clubs
About Us
Contact Us
Help
Careers
Finances
Public Files
Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Exercise Your Rights Section
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Air1 is a 501(c)3 and all donations are tax deductible. Employer ID Number: 94-2816342
© 2020 Educational Media Foundation, All rights reserved
YOU ARE LEAVING AIR1.COM
×
If you click on "Continue", you will be directed to a third-party's site. To remain on our site, click "Cancel".
Cancel
Continue
Close
Hours
:
Minutes
:
Seconds
TO HELP FUND THE NEW AIR1!
Give your $30/month gift to keep worship on the NEW Air1!
Give Now!