http://www.cov.com/en/news-and-insights/news/2020/07/four-covington-partners-named-to-varietys-2020-legal-impact-report
Our Website Uses Cookies
We and the third parties that provide content, functionality, or business services on our website may use cookies to collect information about your browsing activities in order to provide you with more relevant content and promotional materials, on and off the website, and help us understand your interests and improve the website.
For more information, please contact us or consult our Privacy Notice.
Your binder contains too many pages, the maximum is 40.
We are unable to add this page to your binder, please try again later.
This page has been added to your binder.
About
Careers
Pro Bono
Diversity
Offices
Events
Binder (0)
Covington & Burling LLP
Professionals
Practices and Industries
News and Insights
Global Reach
About
Careers
Pro Bono
Diversity
Offices
Events
Binder (0)
Alumni
Press
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Connect with Us
Facebook
LinkedIn
Covington on Twitter
Home
News and Insights
News
Four Covington Partners Named to Varietys 2020 Legal Impact Report
Back
PDF Binder
Create PDF
Add to Binder
Word Document Binder
Four Covington Partners Named to Variety’s 2020 Legal Impact Report
July 14, 2020
LOS ANGELES—Variety has named Covington partners Matthew DelNero, Mitch Kamin, Robyn Polashuk, and Neema Sahni to its 2020 Legal Impact Report. Variety notes that “these legal eagles made massive deals and litigated thorny disputes for entertainment industry clients, studios and networks.”
In its feature, Variety notes Covington as a “go-to for TV programmers,” highlighting its handling of one of Hollywood’s all-time biggest deals, advising Disney on its $71.3 billion acquisition of 21st Century Fox, completed last year, and the subsequent $9.6 billion sale of the Fox Regional Sports Networks to Sinclair.
Mr. DelNero is co-chair of Covington’s Communications and Media Industry Group and co-chair of the firm’s Diversity & Inclusion initiative. He represents creators, companies and investors in the media, telecom, and tech sectors before the FCC and other state and federal agencies. Prior to rejoining Covington in 2017, he worked in senior policy roles at the FCC, including in efforts to make broadband more available and affordable throughout the United States.
Mr. Kamin is a trial lawyer and co-chair of Covington’s Communications and Media Industry and Commercial Litigation Practice Groups. His clients are leaders in the entertainment industry -- including major companies in television, music, sports, film, and gaming -- who he represents in many of their most significant and sensitive matters.
Ms. Polashuk co-chairs the firm's Communications and Media Industry Group, and provides transactional and strategic advice to telecommunications, media, and technology companies around the world. Her practice has included some of the most precedential [“precedential” or “pathbreaking”]deals in the television industry, which have had a significant impact on how content providers make their programming available to viewers.
Ms. Sahni is a litigation partner with deep media industry expertise. Through her work at the firm, and her prior experience in-house, Ms. Sahni has developed a sophisticated understanding of the legal issues facing clients in the sports, media, and entertainment industries. She maintains an extensive counseling and advisory practice, assisting sports teams and leagues, television networks, and film studios assess and mitigate their litigation risk in the context of high-stakes business transactions.
Related Professionals
Matthew
S.
DelNero
+1 202 662 5543
mdelnero@cov.com
Mitchell
A.
Kamin
+1 424 332 4759
mkamin@cov.com
Robyn
R.
Polashuk
+1 424 332 4750
rpolashuk@cov.com
Neema
Sahni
+1 424 332 4757
nsahni@cov.com
Share this article:
Back to News and Insights
Related Practices
Litigation and Investigations
Regulatory and Public Policy
Communications and Media
Media and Entertainment Litigation
Related Industries
Media and Internet
Related Offices
Los Angeles
Related Regions
North America