https://www.dublincentralmission.ie/privacy-statement
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Website Data Statement
About us
This is the website of Dublin Central Mission. If you wish to discuss any matters relating to the processing of personal data on our website, you can contact us in the following ways:
By Post: Mount Tabor, Sandymount Green, Sandymount, Dublin 4, D04 YT68.
By Phone: +353 1 260 5766
By E-mail: info@DublinCentralMission.ie
Information we may collect from you
You may give us information about you when you fill in forms, contact us with a query or make a donation using this website. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address and telephone number.
If you make a donation, we will use a third party service provider (PayPal) to process your donation. We do not receive any financial or credit card information you provide to them; however, they will provide us with your name, postal and email address, which we will only use as set out below. Your use of the PayPal service and website is subject to their privacy policy.
Uses made of the information
We will only use data collected on this website for the purposes of, as relevant:
- replying to your query
- thanking you for your donation or
- putting you in touch with the relevant member of our staff (at your request).
If you wish to be added to our general mailing list, we will do so only with your written permission. You will not be automatically added to our supporter database. You can choose to opt-out of any email communications we send you by using the “Unsubscribe” link in those emails. Unless you have asked to be added to our supporter database or general mailing list, we will not use your information for marketing purposes, and we will never sell your information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Disclosure of your information
We may share your information with other entities within the DCM group. We will not release your personal data to a third party (other than a person acting as our agent) unless we are under a duty to do so by law, or to protect your or our interests.
Access to information
You have a legal right of access to your personal data. Should you wish to access the data held by us relating to you, please e-mail or write to the Chief Executive at the above address. We may charge a nominal fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the data we hold about you.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy statement, or our use of your information, should be addressed to the Chief Executive by e-mail or in writing at the above address. Our complaints procedure is outlined in the Charity Governance section of our website.
Security and storage of your personal data
We take our security responsibilities seriously, employing appropriate physical and technical measures, to ensure that any data held by us is stored securely. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your  information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent nauthorised access.
Cookie Policy
Like most websites, we use some cookies. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your browser. They’re used for many things, such as remembering whether you’ve visited the site before, so that you remain logged in – or to help us work out ow many visitors we get on the site over a given period of time. These cookies contain information about the use of your computer but they don’t include personal information about you.
What Cookies do we use
·         Session Cookies. As you travel around our site, there are times when we need to remember technical information about you as you go from page to page. We use this technical information in many ways to enhance your user experience. This cookie contains no personally identifiable information and only stays in place until you end your session (  usually when you leave our site. )
·         We use web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and, for example, to identify whether you have visited specific services we offer previously. This information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes. It allows us to track information, such as how many individual users we have and how often they visit our website
·         Persistent or Login Session Cookie When you log into a restricted area, we may set a cookie on your PC, to remember your login details. This can be used for your convenience so that on subsequent visits, you aren’t required to provide the entire log-in information again. This cookie will remain on your computer indefinitely, even after you leave our site.
Controlling your cookies
We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you although, we may combine information from your registration with the data we get from the web analytics services we use and their cookies to analyse how you and other people use our Online Services.
Managing cookies in your browser
Most current browsers allow you:
·         Block third party cookies.
·         Block cookies from particular sites.
·         See what cookies you’ve got and delete them on an individual basis.
·         Block all cookies from being set.
·         Delete all cookies when you close your browser.
You should be aware that you will lose any preferences if you delete cookies, which includes where you have opted out from cookies (as this requires an opt-out cookie to be set!) . In additional if you block cookies completely many websites will not work properly and some functionality on these websites will not work at all. We do not recommend turning cookies off when using our Online Services for these reasons.
Managing analytics cookies
Along with logfiles, we use Google Analytics to analyise what people view on our website. Google Analytics isn’t personal information – it doesn’t know who you are. For more information about Google Analytics’ privacy policy and opt out of Google Analytics completely by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on  (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout )  You should be also able to use your browser in “private” or “incognito” mode, to look like a brand new user every time you browse the web.
Third-party service cookies
Social sharing, video and other services we offer are run by other companies. If you are already logged in to these companies services when you visit our site they may place cookies on your computer. Below is a list of places where you can find out more about specific services that we may use and their use of cookies:
·         Facebook’s data use policy: http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other
·         Twitter’s privacy policy: https://twitter.com/privacy
·         YouTube video player cookie policy :
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/faq/#toc-cookies(Google’s standard terms).
Important Information Regarding Cookies and Dublin Central Mission
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the Dublin Central Mission Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our Privacy Policy.
Close