https://www.rca.org/policies/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home / Policies
Policies
Terms of Use
The www.rca.org website located at https://www.rca.org is a copyrighted work belonging to Reformed Church in America. Certain features of the Site may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Site in connection with such features.
All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms.
These Terms of Use described the legally binding terms and conditions that oversee your use of the Site. BY LOGGING INTO THE SITE, YOU ARE BEING COMPLIANT THAT THESE TERMS and you represent that you have the authority and capacity to enter into these Terms. YOU SHOULD BE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE TO ACCESS THE SITE. IF YOU DISAGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISION OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT LOG INTO AND/OR USE THE SITE.
These terms require the use of arbitration Section 10.2 on an individual basis to resolve disputes and also limit the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.
Access to the Site
Subject to these Terms. Reformed Church in America grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to access the Site solely for your own personal, noncommercial use.
Certain Restrictions. The rights approved to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site; (b) you shall not change, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site; (c) you shall not access the Site in order to build a similar or competitive website; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site shall be subject to these Terms. All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site must be retained on all copies thereof.
Reformed Church in America reserves the right to change, suspend, or cease the Site with or without notice to you. You approved that Reformed Church in America will not be held liable to you or any third-party for any change, interruption, or termination of the Site or any part.
No Support or Maintenance. You agree that Reformed Church in America will have no obligation to provide you with any support in connection with the Site.
Excluding any User Content that you may provide, you are aware that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in the Site and its content are owned by Reformed Church in America or Reformed Church in America’s suppliers. Note that these Terms and access to the Site do not give you any rights, title or interest in or to any intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressed in Section 2.1. Reformed Church in America and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms.
Third-Party Links & Ads; Other Users
Third-Party Links & Ads. The Site may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third-parties. Such Third-Party Links & Ads are not under the control of Reformed Church in America, and Reformed Church in America is not responsible for any Third-Party Links & Ads. Reformed Church in America provides access to these Third-Party Links & Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links & Ads. You use all Third-Party Links & Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third-Party Links & Ads, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices.
Other Users. Each Site user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content. Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others. You agree that Reformed Church in America will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Site user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
You hereby release and forever discharge the Reformed Church in America and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature, that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Site. If you are a California resident, you hereby waive California civil code section 1542 in connection with the foregoing, which states: “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.”
Cookies and Web Beacons. Like any other website, www.rca.org uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Disclaimers
The site is provided on an “as-is” and “as available” basis, and Reformed Church in America and our suppliers expressly disclaim any and all warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express, implied, or statutory, including all warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, accuracy, or non-infringement. We and our suppliers make not guarantee that the site will meet your requirements, will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis, or will be accurate, reliable, free of viruses or other harmful code, complete, legal, or safe. If applicable law requires any warranties with respect to the site, all such warranties are limited in duration to ninety (90) days from the date of first use.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
Limitation on Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall Reformed Church in America or our suppliers be liable to you or any third-party for any lost profits, lost data, costs of procurement of substitute products, or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages arising from or relating to these terms or your use of, or incapability to use the site even if Reformed Church in America has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Access to and use of the site is at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your device or computer system, or loss of data resulting therefrom.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, our liability to you for any damages arising from or related to this agreement, will at all times be limited to a maximum of fifty U.S. dollars (u.s. $50). The existence of more than one claim will not enlarge this limit. You agree that our suppliers will have no liability of any kind arising from or relating to this agreement.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Term and Termination. Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Site at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Site in violation of these Terms. Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your Account and right to access and use the Site will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your User Content associated with your Account from our live databases. Reformed Church in America will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms. Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 2 through 2.5, Section 3 and Sections 4 through 10.
Copyright Policy.
Reformed Church in America respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our Site do the same. In connection with our Site, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination of users of our online Site who are repeated infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our Site, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:
your physical or electronic signature;
identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
General
These Terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Any changes to these Terms will be effective upon the earliest of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site. Continued use of our Site following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. Dispute Resolution. Please read this Arbitration Agreement carefully. It is part of your contract with Reformed Church in America and affects your rights. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. All claims and disputes in connection with the Terms or the use of any product or service provided by the Reformed Church in America that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed to, all arbitration proceedings shall be held in English. This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and the Reformed Church in America, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.
Notice Requirement and Informal Dispute Resolution. Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. A Notice to the Reformed Church in America should be sent to: 4500 60th St SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49512. After the Notice is received, you and the Reformed Church in America may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. If you and the Reformed Church in America do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding. The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award to which either party is entitled.
Arbitration Rules. Arbitration shall be initiated through the American Arbitration Association, an established alternative dispute resolution provider that offers arbitration as set forth in this section. If AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative ADR Provider. The rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of the arbitration except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms. The AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules governing the arbitration are available online at adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules. Any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and unless the parties agree otherwise. If you reside outside of the U.S., the arbitrator shall give the parties reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any oral hearings. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. If the arbitrator grants you an award that is greater than the last settlement offer that the Reformed Church in America made to you prior to the initiation of arbitration, the Reformed Church in America will pay you the greater of the award or $2,500.00. Each party shall bear its own costs and disbursements arising out of the arbitration and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the ADR Provider.
Additional Rules for Non-Appearance Based Arbitration. If non-appearance based arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
Time Limits. If you or the Reformed Church in America pursues arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations and within any deadline imposed under the AAA Rules for the pertinent claim.
Authority of Arbitrator. If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities of you and the Reformed Church in America, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages, and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the AAA Rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and the Reformed Church in America.
Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less expensive than rules applicable in a court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and the Reformed Church in America in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND THE REFORMED CHURCH IN AMERICA WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.
Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. All claims and disputes within the scope of this arbitration agreement must be arbitrated or litigated on an individual basis and not on a class basis, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated or litigated jointly or consolidated with those of any other customer or user.
Confidentiality. All aspects of the arbitration proceeding shall be strictly confidential. The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.
Severability. If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Right to Waive. Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Arbitration Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Arbitration Agreement.
Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Reformed Church in America.
Small Claims Court. Nonetheless the foregoing, either you or the Reformed Church in America may bring an individual action in small claims court.
Emergency Equitable Relief. Anyhow the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration. A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this Arbitration Agreement.
Claims Not Subject to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark or trade secrets shall not be subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
In any circumstances where the foregoing Arbitration Agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Netherlands County, California, for such purposes.
The Site may be subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree not to export, re-export, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from Reformed Church in America, or any products utilizing such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations.
Reformed Church in America is located at the address in Section 10.8. If you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Product of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Electronic Communications. The communications between you and Reformed Church in America use electronic means, whether you use the Site or send us emails, or whether Reformed Church in America posts notices on the Site or communicates with you via email. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Reformed Church in America in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Reformed Church in America provides to you electronically satisfy any legal obligation that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hard copy writing.
Entire Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation”. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to Reformed Church in America is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other. These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Reformed Church in America’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Reformed Church in America may freely assign these Terms. The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms shall be binding upon assignees.
Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright ©. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the Site are our property or the property of other third-parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
Contact Information
Address: 4500 60th St SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49512
Email: webservant@rca.org
Privacy Policy
At www.rca.org, accessible from https://www.rca.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by www.rca.org and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We are a Data Controller of your information.
Reformed Church in America legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
Reformed Church in America needs to perform a contract with you
You have given Reformed Church in America permission to do so
Processing your personal information is in Reformed Church in America legitimate interests
Reformed Church in America needs to comply with the law
Reformed Church in America will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification.
The right to object.
The right of restriction.
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Log Files
www.rca.org follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, www.rca.org uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Third Party Privacy Policies
www.rca.org‘s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
www.rca.org does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
Our Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in www.rca.org. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Donor Rights
You have rights.
RCA Development staff members subscribe to The Donor Bill of Rights.
The Donor Bill of Rights
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization, or hired solicitors.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful, and forthright answers.
The Donor Bill of Rights was created in 2001 by the American Association of Fund Raising Counsel (AAFRC), Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), and the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE). It has been endorsed by numerous organizations.
Questions?
If you have questions about financially supporting the mission of the RCA, please email development@rca.org.
Social Media Discussion Covenant
We love the diversity of opinion in the RCA.
As a community, we walk a fine line of respecting the opinions of our broad RCA family and being respectful of each other and our Christian witness.
Please keep the following guidelines in mind when interacting with our RCA family online:
I will express myself with civility, courtesy, and respect for every member of the RCA online community, especially toward those with whom I disagree, even if I feel disrespected by them (Romans 12:17-21).
I will express my disagreements with others in the RCA online community without insulting, mocking, or slandering them personally (Matthew 5:22).
I will not exaggerate others’ beliefs nor make unfounded prejudicial assumptions based on labels, categories, or stereotypes. I will always extend the benefit of the doubt (Ephesians 4:29).
(Thanks to sojo.net for providing these excellent guidelines.)
Comments that violate these principles will be hidden on the RCA Facebook page. Repeat offenders will be blocked from making further comments (Proverbs 18:7).
Board of Benefits Services
Information we may collect
We may collect nonpublic personal financial information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms; and
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others.
Information we may disclose
We may disclose the following kinds of nonpublic personal financial information about you:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number and beneficiaries; and
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as retirement account balances, contributions, and withdrawals.
Other than the foregoing, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal financial information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted or required by law or requested by you. Examples of the foregoing include disclosures requested or initiated by you for the purpose of facilitating (a) communications with your financial advisor(s) or (b) your purchase of financial products such as annuity contracts or brokerage services from third party vendors.
Parties to whom we may disclose information
We may disclose nonpublic personal financial information about you to any third party who is designated by us to administer the RCA Retirement Plan or RCA 403(b) Retirement Program.  We may also disclose nonpublic personal financial information about you to nonaffiliated third parties as permitted by law or requested by you.
Possible disclosures to service providers
We may disclose to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with which we may have joint marketing agreements information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name and address.
Your right to “opt-out” of disclosures by us
If you prefer that we not disclose nonpublic personal financial information about you to nonaffiliated third parties, you may opt out of those disclosures – that is, you may direct us not to make those disclosures (other than disclosures permitted or required by law). If you wish to opt out of disclosures to nonaffiliated third parties, you may send an email notice to that effect to retirement@rca.org.
Our policies regarding confidentiality and security
We restrict access to nonpublic personal financial information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and state regulations to guard your nonpublic personal financial information.
RCA Apps Privacy Policy
Reformed Church in America built our apps as free apps. This SERVICE is provided by Reformed Church in America at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at webservant@rca.org.
Quick LinksFind an RCA church
Find a job
Donate to the RCA
Faithward.org
Policies
Search
Search
Connect with us Contact us at hello@rca.org
Denominational Staff
RCA Publications and Media
Latest news
Encouraging Friendship with Muslims
December 2, 2020
A Union Church Focusing on Millennials
September 24, 2020
GSC Lowers Annual Assessment for 2021
August 25, 2020
©
Reformed Church Press