http://www.lyngblomsten.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy for www.lyngblomsten.org
We are committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors and donors to our website. The following information details Lyngblomsten's collection, protection, and use of the data we receive from donors and visitors to this website.
General Policy
Lyngblomsten recognizes the importance of protecting information given by visitors and donors to our site. Our policy is to use the information we acquire from visitors and donors for internal purposes only, and we maintain appropriate security measures to keep this information private.
Users can visit the site without revealing any information about themselves. If you choose to give us personal information via the internet for the purposes of correspondence, processing a donation, scheduling a tour, registering for an event, or subscribing to our newsletters, the policies below explain how we will use and protect such information.
Lyngblomsten will remove your name from our mailing list at any time at your request. We will not sell, rent or trade your email address to a third party.
Email Updates
We occasionally send updates to supporters who have given us their email address. Recipients are given the option to remove their names from our email list at the bottom of each email update. Again, we will not sell, rent or trade your email address to a third party.
Online Donations and Event Registrations
Lyngblomsten' online and offline payment processing systems comply with PCI Security Standards, a set of comprehensive requirements for enhancing payment account data security. For more about these standards, click here.
Our online payment processor, Authorize.net, hosts our secure giving and event registration pages on PCI Compliant servers and uses high-grade encryption and the industry-standard https security protocol to ensure secure transactions.
Independent external and internal audits ensure the privacy, security and appropriate processing of your information on our site.
Refunds
Because refund policies may vary from event to event, the refund policy will be stated on the registration forms for individual events and handled on a case-by-case basis.
Use of Third-Party Software
Web browsers tell us the type of computer and operating system our site visitors are using. We're also able to learn the domain where our visitors come from. We may analyze this data for trends and insights.
We may also use tools like Google Analytics to examine data about our site visitors. Both of these services tell us information about technical aspects of our visitors' computers and some demographic information. We use this information to improve our content and structure, leading to a better user experience.
We do not receive any personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it.
Questions
If you would have additional questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us via email at webmaster@lyngblomsten.org or 651.632.5322.
Main address:Lyngblomsten1415 Almond AvenueSt. Paul, MN 55108
Main phone: 651.646.2941
Lyngblomsten is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit. Gifts are tax-deductible as allowed by U.S. law.
Our MissionInfluenced by Christ, Lyngblomsten provides a ministry of compassionate care and innovative services to older adults in order to preserve and enhance their quality of life.
Contact us:
651.646.2941