https://www.mainecf.org/support-start-a-fund/three-ways-to-give/create-a-fund/donor-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Support/Start a Fund
Three Ways to Give
Create a Fund
Donor Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
The Maine Community Foundation takes donor confidentiality very seriously. We do not sell, rent or exchange lists of names to any individual or organization for any purpose, nor do we share donor names or contact information externally without your permission.
We have the following two categories of privacy.
Anonymous
As an anonymous donor your name will not be shared with staff, board members, other fund advisors or the public beyond essential staff members.  However, your name may appear on internal reports or event lists shared with limited staff members without gift amounts or fund information referenced. For any grant recommendation from a donor-advised fund, you can decide whether or not to be anonymous to the grantee organization.
Not anonymous
If you decide not to be anonymous, your name and fund name may be shared with staff or board members when a new fund is set up. Your name and fund name could be listed in our annual report or on our website, but no gift amounts would be referenced.  If you give to a fund with existing advisors (such as one of our county funds or memorial gifts to a scholarship fund), your name and gift amount will appear on their fund statement.  For any grant recommendation from a donor-advised fund, you can decide whether or not to be anonymous to the grantee organization.
Online Grant Applications
For MaineCF Grant Applicants
To apply for a grant at MaineCF.
Apply Here
Online Scholarship Applications
For MaineCF Scholarship Applicants
To apply for a scholarship at MaineCF.
Apply Here
X
Fund Connection
For MaineCF Donors & Fundholders
To make a grant or view fund statements.
Log In Here
Online Grant System
For MaineCF Grantees
To complete grant reports.
Log In Here
Online Grant Review
For MaineCF Grant Reviewers
To review grant proposals.
Log In Here
Board & Staff
For MaineCF Board & Staff
Board & Staff access to MaineCF materials.
Log In Here
County and Regional Program
For MaineCF County and Regional Committees
Advisor access to committee information.
Log In Here
Online Scholarship Review
For MaineCF Scholarship Reviewers
Advisor access to scholarship applications.
Log In Here
X