http://www.emmaushouse.org/privacy-policy
Services
Our Work
Programs
Chapel
About
Contact
Donate
Back
Lokey Help Center Services
Food Pantry
Back
All Programs
Holiday Programs
CDF Freedom School
Saturday Arts Program
Youth On The Move
Fostering Family Leaders
Supports for Success
Back
Emmaus House
Our Neighborhood
Our Staff
Our Board
News
2020 Benefit
EMMAUS HOUSE NONPROFIT PRIVACY POLICYYour privacy is of great importance to Emmaus House, a charitable service of the Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta, Georgia (“Emmaus House”). As a user of Emmaus House’s website (the “Site”), you are valued by Emmaus House, and we will take appropriate measures to protect the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) provided by and collected from you on the Site in connection with the functions, products, services and information offered on the Site (the “Emmaus House Services”).What Information Does Emmaus House Collect About Site Visitors?At the Site, we do not collect Personal Information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. Emmaus House gathers data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc., only when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. Personal Information that we collect falls into three primary categories.Information that Site Visitors Give Us: We may receive and store the information that you enter at our website, provide to us on a webpage or give to us in any other way. You can always choose not to provide some or all of the information that we request. This information is used solely by Emmaus House and certain other entities to which Emmaus House may provide the information in furtherance of Emmaus House’s charitable activities.Automatic Information: Whenever you interact with the Site, we receive and store certain types of information. For example, we may use "cookies" to obtain information when your web browser accesses this website. A cookie is an alphanumeric identifier, which we transfer to your computer via your Web browser and store on your computer's hard drive. On most web browsers you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie, and how to turn cookies off.Email Communications: In order to make the email we send you more helpful and relevant to your interests, we receive and store certain types of information. For instance, if your computer supports this functionality, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email we send you. We may also receive a confirmation when you follow a hyperlink from one of our email messages to our website. If you want to stop receiving email from us, click the “unsubscribe” link in any email you receive from us or contact us by email at: info@emmaushouse.org.Does Emmaus House Share the Information It Receives?We are not in the business of selling information about our Site visitors. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you and we treat it with great care and respect. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your data with certain third parties. We will share personally identifiable information with third parties when (i) the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it, (ii) the third-party is performing a function on behalf of Emmaus House that is directly related to the operation of the Site or to a service or information provided on the Site, and access to such information is necessary to the performance of such function or to the provision of such services or information being provided, or (iii) we are required to by law to do so.Access to Information About YouIf you desire to review your own personal information, to correct existing information, or to remove your information, please contact Emmaus House via email at info@emmaushouse.org. If you request removal of your personal information, you acknowledge that residual information may continue to reside in Emmaus House’s records and archives, but Emmaus House will not use that information for commercial purposes. Emmaus House reserves the right to maintain your personal information if Emmaus House has suspended, limited, or terminated your access to our website for violating Emmaus House Terms of Use.What Choices Do I Have?As outlined in this Privacy Policy, you can always choose not to provide information; however, doing so may prevent you from making a donation or accessing other valuable features at our website.Links to Third Party SitesYou may be able to access third-party websites through links available on the Site. You understand and agree that your use of such third-party sites will be governed by the privacy policies of those sites and not by this Privacy Policy. Emmaus House will not be responsible for the actions of the operators of or the content on such third-party websites.ChildrenEmmaus House does not knowingly collect through the Site any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have such information, we will delete it. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide information on this Site without their permission.Notices and RevisionsIf you choose to visit the Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy. If you have a concern about privacy at the Site, please send an email with a detailed description of your concern to info@emmaushouse.org. Our activities and Site change constantly. This Privacy Policy may change also. Our use of information that we receive and store is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of our use of such information. If we decided to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site.Effective Date: September 9, 2014Emmaus House © 2017.