https://www.philarmh.org/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Donor and Visitor Privacy Policy The Philadelphia Ronald McDonald House is pleased to provide information to all of its visitors and donors about its privacy policy. Please be assured that PRMH uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this website.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
PRMH gathers personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, email addresses, and credit card numbers, only when voluntarily submitted by you. If you make an online donation, personal information will be collected from you in order to process that donation.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as PRMH updates or information regarding new programs, events, or fundraising initiatives. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
Sharing of Personal Information
PRMH does not sell donor information whether collected online or offline. PRMH does not share donor information whether collected online or offline except with companies that may be engaged by PRMH to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with donation collection, providing technical services for our Internet sites, etc. Such companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform certain functions. However, these companies may use such personal information only for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, PRMH does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
PRMH reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
Access
You are in control of all personal information you provide to us online. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that an Internet site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a certain Internet site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most Internet sites, PRMH uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your Internet browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this Web site.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by PRMH. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Security Policy
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Refund Policy
All refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase or donation within five (5) business days.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the PRMH Internet Privacy Policy, Security Policy, or Refund Policy, please contact us at:
Philadelphia Ronald McDonald House
3925 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, PA 19104
215.387.8406
DONATE
VOLUNTEER