https://www.stopthetraffik.org/privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy & Cookie PolicyHome Privacy & Cookie PolicyWe are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and supporters; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.1. What information do we collect?We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, the length of visit, page views and website navigation);(b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications, and newsletters (including your first name, surname and email address);(d) any information that you choose to send to us when contacting us using our contact form on our website, by email, phone, or in person; and(e) information relating to any donation you make to STOP THE TRAFFIK (including the amount, the currency, the type of donation, its duration where applicable and the day that recurring donations will be drawn where applicable);(g) information relating to any reported incident of human trafficking that you make to STOP THE TRAFFIK either online, via email, phone or through the STOP APP.2. CookiesWhat Are CookiesAs is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements ofWe will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the site’s functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.How We Use CookiesWe use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.Disabling CookiesYou can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of our site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.The Cookies We SetOur website offers email subscriptions and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users. This site offers e-commerce and payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly. When you submit data to us through a form such as that found on our contact page and incident report page, cookies may be set to remember your details for future correspondence.Third Party CookiesIn some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analyticsOur site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.When you make a donation or complete a purchase in our shop the transaction is completed using Stripe, a payment processor. For more information on Stripes cookies, see the official Stripe privacy page.Our shop is built using WooCommerce, an e-commerce solution for WordPress. Cookies are used by WooCommerce to remember the items that are in your basket and remember when they change. For more information on WooCommerce cookies, see the official WooCommerce cookies page.More InformationHopefully, that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.However, if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.Email: info@stopthetraffik.orgPhone: +44 (0) 207 921 42583. Using your personal informationPersonal information submitted to us via this website, or given to us via email or phone, will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy and cookies policy or in relevant parts of the website.We may use your personal information to:(a) administer the website;(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;(d) send to you goods purchased via the website, and supply to you services purchased via the website;(e) send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you;(f) send you general (non-marketing) and non-commercial communications;(g) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;(h) send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to STOP THE TRAFFIK;(i) be in contact with you about your support of STOP THE TRAFFIK;(j) provide third parties with anonymous statistical information about our website users – this information will not be used to identify any individual user; and(k) deal with reported incidents of human trafficking made by you to STOP THE TRAFFIK;(l) process financial transactions on our website through our payment services provider, Stripe. We will share information with Stripe only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments.Will we share your data with anyone?We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.STOP THE TRAFFIK is a subsidiary charity of Oasis and use the services they provide to the charity group. Where service agreements are in place, Oasis will act as a data processor for that information, for example Oasis Charitable Trust oversee the processing of financial information for STOP THE TRAFFIK.There are other organisations who operate as data processors of personal data, these include; those that facilitate donating to STOP THE TRAFFIK, including Stripe, Just Giving and World Pay; and those that host and manage our website.Will we ever profile your data?In some limited circumstances we may combine personal information you have given us with information that is publicly available. This is to create a profile of your interests and preferences that help us to get to know you and engage better with you. If you are not happy about this, please do get in touch with us at info@stopthetraffik.org.Do we ever compile data and use it to contact people without their consent?There will be people that STOP THE TRAFFIK feels it has legitimate interest to store the personal information of and make direct contact with. These people will usually fall into one or more of the following people:People who we feel would benefit from partnering with STOP THE TRAFFIK to help build resilience to human trafficking in communities globally (examples: law enforcement, government officials, NGO representatives, local activists, faith groups)People who in their professional or voluntary role would expect to hear from STOP THE TRAFFIK (CSR managers, church leaders, trust managers)Before we contact anyone under the basis of legitimate interest we will conduct an internal assessment to be sure we are within our rights to do so.4. DisclosuresWe may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy and cookies policy.In addition, we may disclose your personal information:(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.Except as provided in this privacy and cookies policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.5. International data transfersInformation that we collect will not normally be stored and processed in or transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). We will only transfer data to countries outside of the EEA where that country has data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the EEA or where we have a data sharing agreement in place.You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.6. Security of your personal informationWe will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure password and firewall protected servers. All electronic transactions and communications you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology.Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.Paper documentation with personal, sensitive or confidential information will be filed and secured within a locked unit in our global office.We have appropriate business processes in place for the recording and storage of all personal, sensitive and confidential information.7. Policy amendmentsWe may update this privacy and cookies policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.We will also notify you of significant changes to our privacy and cookies policy by email.8. Your rightsYou may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to info@stopthetraffik.org. In practice, you will have expressly agreed in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes.You may ask us to delete the personal information we hold for you. We will delete all that information, unless we have a legal obligation to retain that information, for example, you have made a donation and we need to maintain your details to satisfy the requirements of HMRC and our auditors.9. Third party websitesThe website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.10. Updating informationPlease let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated by sending an email to info@stopthetraffik.org.11. ContactIf you have any questions about this privacy and cookies policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to usBy email: info@stopthetraffik.orgOr by post: STOP THE TRAFFIK 1 Kennington Road London SE1 7QP United Kingdom12. Data controllerThe data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is STOP THE TRAFFIKOur ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) data protection registration number is Z3165593.Website TermsDonation TermsSupport usYour donations are vital to enabling us to combat human trafficking. Together we'll stop it. Donate Website Terms
Back to top
Our website uses cookies. By using it you agree to this. Read our Privacy & Cookies Policy for more information.
Close