http://www.cbeinternational.org/content/our-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Intern from Home—Click to Learn More!
Our Privacy Policy
Advanced Search
Tip: to find an exact phrase or title, enclose it in quotation marks.
Academic Article
Article
Audio
Author/Speaker
Blog/Magazine Article
Book
Book Review
Video
Submit
publication menu link
About CBE
Founder's Statement
CBE's History
CBE Awards
Endorsements
CBE Publications
F.A.Q's.
Privacy Policy
Mission and Values
CBE Leadership
Financial Accountability
CBE respects your privacy. Any personal information we collect will be used only internally to serve you, our customers and members, more effectively. To assure you of your privacy, we provide the following notice to help you understand our commitment to security, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit the site, how we may use that information, and how you can correct that information.
Our Commitment to Security
Safeguards
We have appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of any information you may have provided on our site. We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged on our site.
Credit Card Safety
Ordering with CBE is a secure transaction. All transactions in CBE's e-commerce outlets are handled by verified PCI compliant payment processors. CBE does not record or retain any credit card data when handling or placing orders. Orders placed online or manually entered are submitted directly to our third-party payment processors securely using encrypted (scrambled) technologies.
Information We Collect
Automatically Collected Anonymous Information
As on most websites, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged when you visit a CBE website. This may include information about your IP address, domain name, browser type, access time, and referring website address. This information is not personally identifiable and is only used in aggregate for internal analytics.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information is any information about you as an individual that would enable someone to contact you; for example, your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. CBE will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it voluntarily.
This website's content is intended for adults and we will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under age 13 who you believe has submitted personal information to this site, please contact us immediately.
How We Use This Information
Automatically Collected Anonymous Information
CBE uses your information only as permitted by law. Aggregated information is generally used for marketing and progress research. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most frequently or which features are most attractive. Aggregated information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually.
Personally Identifiable Information
When you provide CBE with your personally identifiable information, we will use it only for the purpose for which it was provided. We also may use it to notify you about updates to our website and to contact you for marketing purposes. We do not rent, sell, or exchange your personally identifiable information with any third party.
You may also choose to disclose personally identifiable information about yourself for the purposes described below.
E-mail Newsletters
When you request a free e-mail newsletter from us, we will collect and store your e-mail address to provide you with the requested newsletter. We may also send you occasional special offers and information from CBE that we think would be of interest to you. You may change your subscribed e-mail address, opt-out of receiving special e-mailed offers, or remove yourself from any mailing list by following the instructions contained in every newsletter.
Registered User and Member Content Online
When you request access to registered or Members-Only content on CBE websites, we will collect and store your e-mail address to provide you with the requested content. We may also send you occasional special offers and information from CBE by email that we think would be of interest to you. You may change your log-in e-mail address, opt-out of receiving special e-mailed offers, or remove yourself from any mailing list by contacting us, or by following the unsubscribe information found in each e-mail announcement.
Donations, Memberships, Subscriptions, Bookstore Products or Events
When you make a donation to CBE, or request a membership, subscription, bookstore product, or event registration, we will collect and store your name, address, and other basic personally identifiable information to provide you with the requested product or service and for billing purposes. We may also offer you, by direct mail or email, products from CBE that we think would be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any subsequent shopping opportunities by following the unsubscribe information found in each e-mail announcement or by contacting CBE.
Cookies and Advertising
Cookies
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. Cookies save information about your preferences and behavior on our site so that we can provide you with a more customized experience.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To view more information on cookie settings, visit:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer
For Google Chrome
For Mozilla Firefox
For Apple Safari
Advertising
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise CBE across the Internet. AdWords Remarketing uses a cookie to display relevant ads tailored to you based on what you've viewed on our site. The ads appear on sites across the Google Content Network. As always, we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through this cookie. It does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer; it just says "this person visited this page, so show them ads related to that page."
You can opt out of this program if you'd like by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager. Or use this browser add-on.
How to Update Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information
You may edit your Personal Information online when you log in to cbeinternational.org, and click on "My Account" at the top of any page.
E-mails and Newsletters
You may subscribe and unsubscribe to CBE newsletters by email. In addition, each CBE newsletter you receive will contain instructions on how to unsubscribe.
If you would prefer not to receive email from CBE, please contact us and request to be removed from our mailing lists. We ask that you do not mark CBE's emails as spam because your email provider may place a site-wide ban on all CBE emails, personal and bulk, to and from CBE.
Donations, Memberships, Subscriptions, Bookstore Products or Events
You may contact us by mail, telephone, or email regarding your donations to CBE, memberships, subscriptions, bookstore orders, or event registrations.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about any changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. Please check this page periodically for changes.
The Privacy Policy posted on this site was updated on September 7, 2017.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.
Get news, updates, and free resources
Sign up for our newsletter to receive our most up-to-date news, articles, and information
Sign Up