http://www.homeless-healthcare.org/privacy-policy
Home
Services
Patient Portal
Clinic Locations & Schedules
Transportation
Medical Clinics
Dental Clinic
Street Outreach & Offsite Services
HOMES Clinic
About
Who We Serve
Achievements & Outcomes
News & Media
History & Background
Finances & Documentation
Research & Publications
Tours
Privacy Policy
Volunteer
How to Volunteer
General Information
Licensed Direct Care
Clinic Support
Volunteer FAQ
Donate
2020 Giving Campaign
Donation Options
Matching Gift Programs
Contact
Staff
Board Roster
Change Committee
Main Office
Patient Portal
Subscribe to our mailing list
Menu
Privacy PolicyOur Promise to Our DonorsHealthcare for the Homeless - Houston (HHH) will keep our donors’ names or personal information private, and will not sell, share or trade it with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations.This policy applies to all information received by HHH, both online and offline, on any Platform (e.g. the HHH website, social media, mobile applications, etc.), as well as any electronic, written or oral communications.For donations processed via a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.The following statement details HHH’s privacy policy:What personal information is collected and how is it used?Other than the information you provide us in regards to an online donation, we collect no personally identifiable data from individuals through our website.When you make a donation on our website we will collect some information to process your gift, including name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. If you are making a donation on behalf of someone else, we will collect their name, address and email address if provided. This information allows us to process your donation, and verify your credit card data. We use your mailing and email addresses to send you a tax receipt and thank you letter, as well as occasional HHH publications and project updates. Donors’ phone numbers are only requested as an alternate method of contacting you if we need to verify order information. We do not share your phone number with telemarketing centers. HHH respects your privacy and will discontinue contacting you at your request, either written or oral.Is this information secure?Online donations are secure. When someone visits our site, data collected by our computers will not be publicly displayed. It is used for our internal data collection purposes only, and is held by our secure server. HHH’s donation portal utilizes secure web pages to collect credit card information. Our online credit card processing system is handled by a third party, with whom all information is relayed via secure channels using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).What other types of information are collected, and how are they used?     Cookies:HHH uses “cookie” messages to automatically streamline your online experience. They remind us who you are and how you like to use our web site, based on how you have used it in the past. A “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our web site. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your and others’ usage so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can easily instruct your browser to reject or cancel these cookies, although some features might become unavailable. Aggregate information:When someone enters our site our server picks up some information to help us provide our users with better services, as well as for internal record keeping. This information is picked up automatically from your Internet Service Provider and web browser, and includes your type of computer operating system, the browser that you are using, IP addresses and demographic data. We also monitor site traffic by recording the number of people viewing our web site. This information is collected in non-identifiable form. What if a person has questions about the privacy of this site?These policies are in place so that you can feel comfortable exploring our web site. If you believe we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy in any respect, please contact us via mail at 1934 Caroline St., Houston, TX 77002, via phone at 713-286-6000 or via email at info@homeless-healthcare.org.What happens when our privacy policy is updated? Any updates to our web site or changes in our procedures may require an update to our privacy policy. This change would appear in our posted policy, and your continued usage of our site would indicate agreement and compliance with this new policy.
log inSubmit Story or Photo