https://www.worldox.com/privacy-statement-us/
skip to Main Content
TwitterFacebookLinkedIn
About
News
Events
Contact
(800) 962-6360
This privacy statement was last changed on November 10, 2020, last checked on November 19, 2020, and applies to citizens of the United States.In this privacy statement, we explain what we do with the data we obtain about you via https://www.worldox.com. We recommend you carefully read this statement. In our processing we comply with the requirements of privacy legislation. That means, among other things, that:
we clearly state the purposes for which we process personal data. We do this by means of this privacy statement;
we aim to limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data required for legitimate purposes;
we first request your explicit consent to process your personal data in cases requiring your consent;
we take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and also require this from parties that process personal data on our behalf;
we respect your right to access your personal data or have it corrected or deleted, at your request.
If you have any questions, or want to know exactly what data we keep of you, please contact us.1. Purpose and categories of dataCategories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the categories shall be used.1.1 We use your data for the following purpose:Contact - Through phone, mail, email and/or webformsThe following categories of data is collectedA first and last nameAccount name or aliasA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email addressA telephone numberAny other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individualA signatureFinancial information such as bank account number of credit card numberGeolocation data1.2 We use your data for the following purpose:NewslettersThe following categories of data is collectedA first and last nameA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email address1.3 We use your data for the following purpose:To support services or products that a customer wants to buy or has purchasedThe following categories of data is collectedA first and last nameA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email addressA telephone numberA signatureFinancial information such as bank account number of credit card number1.4 We use your data for the following purpose:Compiling and analyzing statistics for website improvement.The following categories of data is collectedIP addressInternet activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisementGeolocation data2. Sharing with other partiesWe only share or disclose this data to other recipients for the following purposes:
Purpose of the data transfer: order processing for mutual customers
Country or state in which this third party is located: United Kingdom
Purpose of the data transfer: Supporting mutual customers
Country or state in which this third party is located: Various
Purpose of the data transfer: Kraft Kennedy hosts our Hosted Worldox Web 3.0 product in their data center.
Country or state in which this third party is located: USA
We disclose personal information if we are required by law or by a court order, in response to a law enforcement agency, to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information, or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety.3. How we respond to Do Not Track signalsOur website responds to and supports the Do Not Track (DNT) header request field. If you turn DNT on in your browser, those preferences are communicated to us in the HTTP request header, and we will not track your browsing behavior.4. CookiesOur website uses cookies. For more information about cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy on our Cookie Policy (US) webpage. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Google.Google may not use the data for any other Google services.The inclusion of full IP addresses is blocked by us.5. SecurityWe are committed to the security of personal data. We take appropriate security measures to limit abuse of and unauthorized access to personal data. This ensures that only the necessary persons have access to your data, that access to the data is protected, and that our security measures are regularly reviewed.6. Third party websitesThis privacy statement does not apply to third party websites connected by links on our website. We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable or secure manner. We recommend you read the privacy statements of these websites prior to making use of these websites.7. Amendments to this privacy statementWe reserve the right to make amendments to this privacy statement. It is recommended that you consult this privacy statement regularly in order to be aware of any changes. In addition, we will actively inform you wherever possible.8. Accessing and modifying your dataIf you have any questions or want to know which personal data we have about you, please contact us. Please make sure to always clearly state who you are, so that we can be certain that we do not modify or delete any data of the wrong person. We shall provide the requested information only upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request. You can contact us by using the information below. You have the following rights:8.1 Right to know what personal information is being collected about you
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the following:
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
8.2 The right to know whether personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that sells the consumer’s personal information, or that discloses it for a business purpose, disclose to that consumer:
The categories of personal information that the business collected about the consumer.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
8.3 The Right to equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rightsWe shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer’s privacy rights, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to the consumer.
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if the consumer exercises the consumer’s privacy rights.
Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, nothing prohibits us from charging a consumer a different price or rate, or from providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the consumer by the consumer’s data.
8.4 The right to delete any personal information
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which the business has collected from the consumer.
A business that receives a verifiable request from a consumer to delete the consumer’s personal information pursuant to subdivision (a) of this section shall delete the consumer’s personal information from its records and direct any service providers to delete the consumer’s personal information from their records.
A business or a service provider shall not be required to comply with a consumer’s request to delete the consumer’s personal information if it is necessary for the business or service provider to maintain the consumer’s personal information in order to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’s ongoing business relationship with the consumer, or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
(Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the businesses’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if the consumer has provided informed consent.
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Otherwise use the consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.
9. Selling and disclosure of personal data to third partiesWe have not sold consumers’ personal data in the preceding 12 months.A list of the categories we have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months:A first and last nameA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email addressA telephone numberInternet activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement10. ChildrenOur website is not designed to attract children and it is not our intent to collect personal data from children under the age of consent in their country of residence. We therefore request that children under the age of consent do not submit any personal data to us.11. Contact detailsWorld Software Corporation
266 Harristown Road, Suite 201
07452 Glen Rock, NJ
United States
Website: https://www.worldox.com
Email: sales@worldox.com
Toll free phone number: 800-962-6360
Phone number: 201-444-3228AnnexThe Events Calendar
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Event, Venue, and Organizer Information
Through the usage of The Events Calendar, Events Calendar PRO, The Events Calendar Filter Bar, Eventbrite Tickets, and Community Events plugins, as well as our Event Aggregator Import service (contained within The Events Calendar plugin), the following information may be collected and stored within our website’s database.
Venue information: name, address, city, country, state, postal code, phone, website, geographical coordinates (latitude and longitude)
Organizer information: name, phone, website, email
Event information: website, cost, description, date, time, image
API Keys
We make use of certain API keys, in order to provide specific features. These API keys may include the following third party services: Google Maps, Meetup, PayPal, and Eventbrite (API key, auth URL and Client Secret).
How Long You Retain this Data
All information (data) is retained in the local database indefinitely, unless otherwise deleted.
Certain data may be exported or removed upon users’ requests via the existing Exporter or Eraser. Please note, however, that several “edge cases” exist in which we are unable to perfect the gathering and export of all data for your end users. We suggest running a search in your local database, as well as within the WordPress Dashboard, in order to identify all data collected and stored for your specific user requests.
Where We Send Your Data
Modern Tribe does not send any user data outside of your website by default.
If you have extended our plugin(s) to send data to a third-party service such as Eventbrite, Google Maps, or PayPal, user information may be passed to these external services. These services may be located abroad.
Akismet
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter's IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Slider Revolution
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Vimeo
Our website uses features provided by the Vimeo video portal. This service is provided by Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a Vimeo plugin, a connection to the Vimeo servers is established. Here the Vimeo server is informed about which of our pages you have visited. In addition, Vimeo will receive your IP address. This also applies if you are not logged in to Vimeo when you visit our plugin or do not have a Vimeo account. The information is transmitted to a Vimeo server in the US, where it is stored.
If you are logged in to your Vimeo account, Vimeo allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account.
For more information on how to handle user data, please refer to the Vimeo Privacy Policy at https://vimeo.com/privacy.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
WP Smush
Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
Smush uses the Stackpath Content Delivery Network (CDN). Stackpath may store web log information of site visitors, including IPs, UA, referrer, Location and ISP info of site visitors for 7 days. Files and images served by the CDN may be stored and served from countries other than your own. Stackpath's privacy policy can be found here.
Smush uses a third-party email service (Drip) to send informational emails to the site administrator. The administrator's email address is sent to Drip and a cookie is set by the service. Only administrator information is collected by Drip.
PrivacyPrivacy statement (US)
Privacy statement (CA)
Privacy statement (EU)
Privacy statement (UK)
Cookie Policy (US)
Cookie policy (CA)
Cookie Statement (EU)
Cookie policy (UK)
Disclaimer
Disclaimer
Copyright 2020 Worldox - All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy - US
Privacy Policy - EU