http://www.4-hontario.ca/terms-of-use.aspx
Terms of Use
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
4-H Ontario
4-H OntarioTerms of Use
Terms of Use
Please read these terms and conditions carefully
before using this website
Ontario 4-H Council (“4-H Ontario”)
operates this website (the “Site”) to provide online access to information
about 4-H Ontario and the products, services, and opportunities we provide (the
“Services”). By accessing and using this website, you agree to each of the
terms and conditions set forth herein (“Terms of Use”). 4-H Ontario reserves
the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. Your
use of the website following any such modification constitutes your agreement
to follow and be bound by the Terms of Use as modified.
Use of Site
You may use the Site, the Services, and the information, writings, images
and/or other works that you see, hear or otherwise experience on the Site
(singly or collectively, the “Content”) solely for your non-commercial,
personal purposes and/or to learn about 4-H Ontario products and services. No
right, title or interest in any Content is transferred to you, whether or not as
a result of downloading such Content or otherwise. 4-H Ontario reserves
complete title and full intellectual property rights in all Content. Except as
expressly authorized by these Terms of Use, you may not use, alter, copy,
distribute, transmit, or derive another work from any Content obtained from the
Site or the Services, except as expressly permitted by the Terms of Use. 4-H Ontario, through its Website Coordinator,
makes every effort to ensure the content on the Site is accurate and current.
If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Site or the materials, your
sole remedy is to discontinue using the Site and materials.
Copyright
The worldwide web is a publishing medium and, as with other publishing mediums,
copyright laws apply. No infringement of copyrighted material will be allowed
within the 4-H Ontario programs. The copyrights in the Content are owned by and
registered to the 4-H Ontario (which holds all copyrights, associated with the
Site), or other copyright owners who have authorized their use on the
Site.  You may download and reprint
Content for non-commercial, non-public, personal use only or for 4-H Ontario general
purposes.
Links
to and from Third-Party Web Sites
Links on the Site to third party websites or information are provided solely as
a convenience to you. Links from the Site to other sites should not be
considered an endorsement of any company, organization, service or product. The
4-H Ontario does not endorse any company, organization, service or product which
is in contravention of the values of 4-H Ontario. Consideration is given to
links to other sites from the Site which conform to 4-H Ontario policies,
procedures and guidelines. All links to other sites from the Site are at the
discretion of 4-H Ontario and may be removed without prior notification. 4-H
Ontario is not responsible for the availability of any such websites and is not
responsible or liable for any such website or the content thereon. If you use
the links to the websites of 4-H Ontario affiliates, you are subject to the
terms of use and privacy policy applicable to those websites. 4-H Ontario is
not responsible for any information or material you may locate at other sites.
Companies and organizations linking to the
Site will enter into an understanding
with 4-H Ontario to ensure the linked
websites, pages, companies and organizations
maintain the integrity and values
associated with 4-H Ontario. It should be understood that links may not be
reciprocated.
Downloading
Files
4-H Ontario cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for
downloading through the Site will be free of infection by software viruses or
other harmful computer code, files or programs.
Software
Any software available for download via the Site is the copyrighted work of 4-H
Ontario and/or its licensors. Use of such software is governed by the terms of
the end user license agreement that accompanies or is included with the
software. Downloading, installing, and/or using any such software indicates
your acceptance of the terms of the end user license agreement.
User
Conduct
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes, and to conform to general
4-H Ontario policies and procedures. You agree not to take any action that
might compromise the security of the Site, render the Site inaccessible to
others or otherwise cause damage to the Site or the Content. You agree not to
add to, subtract from, or otherwise modify the Content, or to attempt to access
any Content that is not intended for you. You agree not to use the Site in any
manner that might interfere with the rights of third parties.
Login
Access to Secure Areas
Only screened and trained volunteers will
have access to login/secure side of the website. If either a volunteer’s
screening or training expires the volunteer will lose access. They will be
notified upon trying to log in the reason as to why they have lost access (for
example, expired training, expired police records check).
All 4-H Ontario members will automatically
receive access to the login/secure side of the website when they first join. A
member will lose access:
at the end of
the calendar year in which the member turns 21 years of age for graduating
members; or,
on June 1st for a member who is eligible to return but who has
not paid his or  her membership fee.
Members to which subparagraph b) applies will
regain access upon registration.
All volunteers and members with Login
Access are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of his or her identification
and password information. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities
that occur under your identification and password.
Privacy
4-H Ontario strives to protect the privacy of those who visit,
browse and use the Site. The 4-H Ontario web server does not use tracking
cookies or recognize any personal information regarding the identity or e-mail
address of visitors to the Site, and does not collect unsolicited identifying
information on those who access the Site.
4-H Ontario does
not rent, sell or trade mailing lists. If you supply 4-H Ontario with
personal contact information (for example, postal address, e-mail address,
telephone number) on the Site, you will only receive contact in respect to 4-H.
More privacy information
4-H Folklore Blog
4-H in My Area
Events Calendar
Donate
Search form
Login
Join Now
Contact 4-H
About 4-H
Youth
Volunteers
Alumni
Media
Support 4-H
Back to top
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Links
Site Map
Website Feedback
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Careers
Summit Sponsors
©Copyright 2020 4-H Ontario