http://www.harsanik.com/privacy-policy
Tweet
Email
Creating an account: If you would like to create an account, please click here and complete the registration form.† Please fill out all fields marked with an asterisk. Membership is free and enables you to write reviews and receive site updates as well as any promotions that we are offering.
Email Privacy Policy: We at Harsanik.com have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us? You will receive an email from us if you have contacted us, created or attempted to create an account, or written a review.
By creating an account, you have expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-inî). We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy: We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage: We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone. Information submitted to us is only available to the Harsanik.com executive team who manage this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information or your account.
How can you stop receiving email from us? Each promotional email sent contains an email address at the end that allows you as the recipient to notify the Webmaster if you wish to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. Please notify the Webmaster at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
if you no longer wish to receive emails from us or would like to permanently remove your account.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
for review.
Privacy Policy Changes This policy was created on July 10, 2007.
MOST POPULAR CATEGORIES
BANDS
PHOTO & VIDEO
VENUES
RENTALS
DJS
FAVORS
EVENT PLANNERS
FLORISTS
INVITATIONS
TRAVEL
View all categories
LATEST REVIEWS
DJ ARTIN
By: SuzieA
We really and truly could not have been more pleased by your services!
He was extremely helpful and kind the entire tim...
Read full review
TALIN FILM PHOTO & V...
By: jonamirmusic
Edo did a wonderful job capturing our wedding day. I would recommend him to all my friends. Thank you Edo!...
Read full review
DJ SEVAG
By: dinadeukmajian@gmail.com
DJ Sevag was at the wedding I attended this past weekend on 2/22/20 at the Armenian Catholic church hall, he was absolut...
Read full review
VIC STUDIOS
By: Irmagho
After looking for photographer for 2 years finally choose Vic Studios. They did the best job for me, the crew are amazin...
Read full review
DJ ARTIN
By: tepiastar
We saw DJ Artin at our friend's wedding. He did a great job there and so we hired him for our wedding. DJ Artin is very ...
Read full review
DJ SEVAG
By: Arpi2020
My now husband and I booked DJ Sevag to be our DJ for our wedding in September of 2019 at Arbat Banquet Hall. The music ...
Read full review
LATEST LISTINGS
EVENT DU JOUR
(818) 252-9883
Email // Website
JEWELRY THEATRE BUIL...
411 W 7th St Suite 900
Los Angeles, CA, 90014
(818) 554-6828
Email
MYIMAGE SKIN + BODY ...
119 W California Blvd
Pasadena, CA, 91105
(888) 955-4664
Email // Website
GLEN ARDEN CLUB
357 Arden Ave
Glendale, CA, 91203
(818) 844-4010
Email // Website
HERITAGE BALLROOM AT...
2300 W Third St
Los Angeles, CA, 90057
(213) 382-6269
Email // Website
BONNE SOIRÈE PRODUC...
(818) 307-2701
Email // Website
WHO WE ARE
Harsanik is a perfect guide for all of your wedding planning needs! "Harsanik" is the Armenian word for wedding.
Watch our profile video
ARMENIAN WEDDING TRADITIONS
Armenian Wedding Traditions