http://www.rkmc.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Last updated December 1, 2020
This Privacy Notice covers the Robins Kaplan’s websites, blogs, and other digital media ("website").
Our Privacy Commitment to You
This Privacy Policy is designed to maintain your trust and confidence; help you understand how we collect, use, and protect personally identifiable information you decide to share; and help you make informed decisions about how you may access, correct, or delete this information. By using or accessing the website, you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use the Information?
We do not collect personally identifiable information on the website unless you voluntarily provide such information. If you request information, we may ask for your name, address, phone number, and other information. Supplying this information is strictly voluntary, and you may contact us if you no longer wish receive communications from us. We will not use your personal information for direct marketing purposes without your consent. We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information.
We operate our website and store the information we collect from and within the United States of America.  However, we market and provide legal services in many countries throughout the world. Accordingly, we will only disclose information collected through our website, as well as other personal information, across offices and geographical boundaries, within and outside of the firm, for legal and legitimate purposes.
We may also disclose your personal information to third party service providers that perform services for us and who are obligated to secure the information, such as special consultants, expert witnesses, other outsourced service providers, continuing legal education providers, information technology suppliers, analytics providers, mailing providers, joint marketing or event providers, caterers, and security providers. These service providers may be located anywhere in the world.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by a court order or any other legal or regulatory requirement, including in response to requests from public and government authorities outside your country of residence or to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that of you or others anywhere in the world. Additionally, we may share personally identifiable information when we believe it necessary to comply with the law, to enforce the Terms and Conditions of the website, to protect our interests or rights, property, and safety of our employees and clients, or if we merge with or are acquired by another party.
The website may contain links which direct users to websites operated by third parties. Our Privacy Notice does not apply to other websites. If you choose to click on one of these links, you will be directed to the website operated by a third party. Any information that you submit at these websites is submitted directly by you to these third parties and will be governed by that third party's privacy practices and procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of these third parties.
How Can You Review or Remove Information We Collect?
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer wish to receive our promotional materials or other information from us, you may correct, update, delete, or deactivate your information by contacting us by e-mail, telephone or postal mail, as applicable, at the contact information listed below. We will honor your request within a reasonable amount of time.
You cannot access or change other non-identifying information that we collect in aggregate or an automatic basis from visitors to the website.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Certain web browsers may allow you to enable a “do not track” (“DNT”) option that sends signals to the websites you visit indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. This is different from blocking cookies as browsers with the “do not track” option selected may still accept cookies. Right now, there is no industry standard for how companies should respond to “do not track” signals, although one may be adopted in the future. We do not respond to “do not track” signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will modify this Privacy Notice accordingly. More information about “do not track” is available at www.allaboutdnt.com.
How Do We Protect and Secure Information?
We are dedicated to protecting personal information we collect. To prevent unauthorized access and to maintain and ensure the correct use of information, we have established industry standard physical, technical, and administrative controls.
We follow industry standards to protect communications submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, however, no method of transmission is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If we make material changes to the way we use your personal information or change our privacy practices, we will post those changes to this Privacy Notice, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose such information.
Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, or destruction of data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. No method of transmission or electronic storage provides certainty of security, therefore we cannot guarantee absolute security of the personal information we collect.
You Consent to Terms and Conditions of this Privacy Notice, Including Any Future Revisions
Your use of the website and any dispute arising from it are subject to this Privacy Notice as well as our Legal Notices and Terms and Conditions and all of its dispute resolution provisions, including limitations on damages and choice of law described in the Terms and Conditions. If we decide to change this Privacy Notice, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the website, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. Immaterial changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on the website. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions or concerns please email us by clicking "Contact" on this website or by postal mail at Robins Kaplan LLP, 2800 LaSalle Plaza, 800 LaSalle Avenue, Minneapolis, MN 55402-2015. You may also call us at 1-800-553-9910.
Cookie Policy
We use online identification technologies such as cookies on Robins Kaplan’s websites, blogs, and other digital media ("website"). This Cookie Policy explains when and why Robins Kaplan uses cookies on its website.
What are Cookies?
"Cookies" are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customized website experience. Your browser or device holds these cookies and makes them available every time you visit a site again so that it can recognize you and remember important information about you.
Session Cookies are temporary cookies that remain in your browser or device until you leave the site. They are then deleted from your device once you leave the website.
Persistent Cookies remain in your browser or device for much longer—they remain there until you delete them or they reach their expiration date, depending on the cookie. These may, for example, be used to remember your preferences when you use the website, recognize you on your return, and enhance your experience on the website. Use of a persistent cookie may be linked to personal information while interacting with the website, such as when you choose to recognize you as a previous user of the website so you do not have to enter your personal information ever time and to offer personalized content. Then, a persistent cookie will be stored on your computer, which is linked to your account information. If you reject the persistent cookie, you may still use the website but you will be limited in some areas of it.
For more information on cookies please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
We may use these technologies to gather information and statistics regarding use of our website. For example, we may collect aggregated information about page visits and navigation to determine what articles and topics are of greatest interest and if users are able to find content easily. We use site analytics providers that may set cookies in your browser. We also use tracking information to generate various reports regarding use of our website. These reports contain aggregated information about use of our website. We use these technologies to make navigation of our website easier for users and to better deliver tailored content.
We may use online identification technologies from marketing partners, third-party sites and social media platforms. These technologies help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing and awareness campaigns and to understand how visitors navigate to the website from a Robins Kaplan ad. We may use these technologies to compile statistics about visitors who interact with the website and other Robins Kaplan online content, to gauge the effectiveness of our ads, and to provide more useful information to our visitors.
If you register for one of our website pages, we will use cookies to facilitate your registration and remember your preferences. It is not possible to register unless you accept the cookies used as part of the registration process. If you register with any of our website pages, tracking and analytical information we collect may be linked to the information we collect about you as part of the registration process, including your name and email address.
If you receive electronic mailings from us, we use technologies that track certain actions. We receive information that shows who opens our electronic mailings and whether links embedded in those mailings have been clicked on. This information helps us understand the effectiveness of the mailings and we may use the information to contact you about other events or services which in your areas of interest.
Can I Change My Cookie Preferences?
You can always change your cookie preferences or delete cookies altogether as discussed below.
Cookie Settings
Browser settings also allow you to choose whether or not to accept cookies or limit certain cookies. Most browsers also provide functionality that lets you review and erase cookies. You may wish to refer to this guide for information on commonly used browsers. If you use the website without changing your browser settings, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the website. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the website may operate as intended.
If you would prefer that we not collect information that may be used to help determine which advertisements to serve you, you may disable cookies in your browser’s settings menu. You may also opt out or change your behavioral advertising cookie preferences by visiting the opt-out page for the Digital Advertising Alliance (U.S. residents and those not in the EU or Canada), the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU residents), or the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (Canadian residents).
Flash Cookies (also known as Local Shared Objects) cannot be changed by browser settings. The Adobe website provides comprehensive information on how to delete or disable Flash cookies – see Adobe’s website for further information. Please be aware that if you disable or reject Flash cookies for the website, you may not be able to access certain features, such as video content or services that require you to sign in.
Your mobile operating system may let you opt out from having your information collected or used for interest-based advertising on mobile devices. You should refer to the instructions provided by your mobile device’s manufacturer, but this functionality is usually available in the “Settings” section of your device. You can also stop us from collecting information by turning off data collection for interest-based advertising in our applications or by uninstalling our applications.
By using our website, you consent, where such consent is necessary and valid under applicable law, to our use of cookies and the placement of these cookies on your device for the purposes described.
Back to Top
Any information that you send us in an e-mail message should not be confidential or otherwise privileged information. Sending us an e-mail message will not make you a client of Robins Kaplan LLP. We do not accept representation until we have had an opportunity to evaluate your matter, including but not limited to an ethical evaluation of whether we are in a conflict position to represent you. Accordingly, the information you provide to us in an e-mail should not be information for which you would have an expectation of confidentiality.
If you are interested in having us represent you, you should call us so we can determine whether the matter is one for which we are willing or able to accept professional responsibility. We will not make this determination by e-mail communication. The telephone numbers and addresses for our offices are listed on this page. We reserve the right to decline any representation. We may be required to decline representation if it would create a conflict of interest with our other clients.
By accepting these terms, you are confirming that you have read and understood this important notice.
Accept
Cancel