http://www.bettergov.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 7, 2014This Privacy Policy and the associated Terms & Conditions disclose the conditions of use and how the Better Government Association ("BGA") collects, protects, uses, and shares information gathered from users of our website, located at http://www.bettergov.org (the "Site").Acceptance of this Privacy PolicyEach time you access, use, or browse the Site, you signify your acceptance of the then-current Privacy Policy.  If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to provide information to BGA, and you must discontinue use of the Site immediately. Should the Privacy Policy be materially revised, BGA will post the changes on the Site and the new Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting and will apply only to information collected thereafter unless we have further communications with you.  You can determine when the Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "Last Updated" legend at the top of this page.What Information Does BGA Collect and How is it Used?We may collect personal identifiable information for you including, without limitation, non-public information about you that helps BGA identify you such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, age, telephone number, password, and other non-public information. You will also be required to select a username and password for use on the Site. Certain features of the Site, including but not limited to making donations, purchases, and signing up for access to certain databases, may require credit card and billing information as well. We reserve the right to combine personally identifiable information we collect with publicly available information or information obtained from third parties or affiliates.We may collect non-personal identifiable information about your use of the Site such as your IP address/domain name combination, any referring sites, usage statistics, browsing history, type of computer operating system you use (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the type of browser you use (e.g., Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer), and the domain name of your internet service provider.  BGA may allow ad networks, such as third party ad servers and ad agencies, to serve advertisements within the Site. We may also place web beacons for these companies within the pages on our Site. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.The Site may contain links to third-party websites or advertising for third-party websites. BGA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. By clicking on these links or advertisements, you are visiting sites outside of our control; we are not responsible for any content on those sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you provide when visiting those sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each other site. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected and maintained by BGA.How We Collect InformationYou do not need to provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use some of the services on our Site.  However, to participate in some activities and use some services on the Site, such as signing up to be a BGA member, using the Pension Database, Vested Pension Database, Payroll Database or to receive newsletters, it is necessary for you to provide personally identifiable information. We may collect personal information from you when you:Become a BGA member;Sign up to receive e-mail alerts, announcements or newsletters;Submit a tip;Make a donation or purchase;Search any of the Site’s databases, including the Pension Database, Vested Pension Database, and the Payroll Database; andCommunicate with BGA via the Site or email. Personal identifiable information collected by BGA may be stored and processed in the United States in accordance with the laws of the United States. By using the Site, you expressly consent to the storage and processing of your personal information in the United States or elsewhere in accordance with the laws of the United States.  BGA may retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary in BGA’s sole discretion.BGA automatically receives and records non-personal identifiable information on our server logs from your browser as well as through other analysis of the Site.  We also may collect information using cookies, web beacons, crawlers, scrapers, bots,  or similar technologies, or through third parties using similar technologies.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer.  When you visit the Site, your web browser may store cookies on your computer, which will better enable you to navigate the Site upon return. You may use the Site even if you choose to reject or delete the cookies. Cookies also may be used by some of the other websites for which a link is placed on the Site. Our site does not recognize "do not track" signals from your browserHow We Use Your InformationBGA may use your information for the following purposes:To process and respond to your requests and inquiries and provide services to you;To alert you to new developments, Site features, special events, services, or BGA news;To send announcements and newsletters, and to provide you with personalized content in the newsletters;For the purposes for which you provided the information;To confirm transactions you make through the Site;For administration and improvement of the Site and to enhance the user experience;To customize the advertising and content you see, including the display of targeted and contextual advertisements;To monitor and analyze information regarding your browsing and viewing preferences and to diagnose problems of the Site;To analyze our users’ demographics and interests;   To generate anonymous and/or aggregated reporting;For fraud prevention, internal operations, legal compliance, and other public purposes; andTo enforce the Terms and Conditions.Your California Privacy RightsIf you reside in California and have provided us with your personal information, you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at 223 W. Jackson Blvd., Suite 900, Chicago, IL 60606, Att’n: California Customer Choice NoticeCommunications with YouYou authorize BGA to transmit email to you or telephone you to respond to your communications, and provide information to you about new developments, special events, programs, membership, or services.  Unsubscribe instructions are included in each promotional email from BGA.  Please note that unsubscribe requests may take up to ten (10) days to become effective.  You may not opt out of receiving communications regarding your dealings with the Site or technical information about the Site.Information Sharing with Third PartiesBGA may disclose the information it collects to others (i) for purposes of outsourcing one or more of BGA’s functions to service providers who work on behalf of or with BGA under confidentiality or similar agreements including service providers, agents, vendors, advertisers, consultants and affiliates; (ii) to confirm or update information provided by you; (iii) in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or disposition of all or any portion of BGA’s business or operations (including without limitation in connection with bankruptcy or any similar proceedings); or (iv) as otherwise authorized by you.We also may share your information in response to a subpoena, legal order or official request, when we believe you have acted in violation of the Terms [link], to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, fraud or potential threats, or exercise legal rights or defend against claims, when we believe that doing so may protect your safety or the safety of BGA, or others, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.We also may use and share non-personally identifiable information with third parties. Additionally, we may take personally identifiable information and de-identify it and share it in a de-identified or aggregated form with third parties, advertisers and/or business partners in order to analyze Site usage, demographics, interests, improve our products or services, improve our user experience, research and reporting or for similar purposes. We will not re-identify such data and we will ask our contracting parties to agree to keep the data in its de-identified form.How We Protect Your InformationBGA uses reasonable administrative, physical and electronic security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. Personal information you provide is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated authorized staff or authorized third parties. BGA has partnered with Groundspring.org to securely process your online credit card transactions via the Groundspring.org Donor Advised Fund.No transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of BGA to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect personal information, neither BGA nor our service providers can ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the internet.  Any such transmission is at your own risk.Reporting Copyright ViolationsIn compliance with the safe harbor provision of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), if you believe any user generated content (user uploads, content) infringes your copyright, please provide us with a detailed description of the alleged infringing content, your name and ownership claim and send it to: dmcanotice@@bettergov.orgUpdating Your Information or PreferencesYou are responsible for keeping your information current.  You can update your account information at any time by logging into your account on the Site. By logging in, you can also access your communications preferences, including your choices with regard to marketing communications from our advertising and promotional partners.Commitment to Children’s PrivacyThe Site is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does BGA knowingly collect information from children under 13 on the Site or offline.  If you are under 13, you are not permitted to submit any personally identifiable information to BGA. If you are under 18 years of age, you may browse the Site but you may not register for any offerings on the Site unless specifically stated otherwise.Contact UsIf you would like to contact us for any reason regarding this Privacy Policy, please email info@bettergov.org or call us at 312-427-8330.