https://www.caffmoscommunity.com/privacy.asp
Caffmos Community Privacy Policy
This Web site is operated and moderated by Caffmos Ltd. Caffmos has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
OUR COMMITMENT
Your privacy is a top priority. We strive to be transparent in the way we process and hold your data. We work hard to
keep your information secure. We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our
security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Caffmos ensures that all personal data handled and stored by us is done so in strict compliance with the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR). This Privacy Policy applies beginning May 25, 2018.
Privacy Notice
The Caffmos Community is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice explains when and why we collect
personal information about people who join the Caffmos Community by whatever means, how we use it, the conditions under
which we may disclose it to others and your rights in relation to your personal data.
How do we collect information about you?
We obtain information about you when you register a profile on The Caffmos Community.
What type of information is collected about you?
Without information about you such as basic profile details and the kind of person you are looking for, we cannot help
you develop connections with other individuals.
The majority of personal information is supplied by you on registration including a username, email address, personal characteristics such as height,
build and interests, a partial postcode/zipcode (in some circumstances) and a short desciption about yourself and the type
of person you are looking for. We do log IP addresses on registration and login. This is done for security reasons and to
enable us to verify profiles.
When you create an account, you provide us with at least your login credentials, as well as some basic details necessary
for the service to work, such as your gender and date of birth.
When you upgrade to a paid membership (Gold) you provide our payment processor with information, such as your debit or
credit card number or other financial information. Caffmos does not see or store any financial information. All credit / debit
card transactions are processed by WorldPay not by The Caffmos Community. We do not
hold any financial data whatsoever.
If you contact our help team, we may collect the information you give us during the interaction for future reference to aid others
with similar issues.
The legal bases for the processing of your personal data is by consent to enable us to provide membership services.
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our site and services used such as date and time you logged in,
users you communicate with, date and number of messages you send and receive.
We also log IP addresses for security reasons.
How is your information used?
We use your information to deliver and improve our services and to help keep you safe.
Below are ways we use your information.
* To administer your account and provide our service to you.
* To create and manage your account
* To help you communicate with other users.
* Show your profile to other users.
* Alert you to new communications on the site.
* Provide you with customer support.
* Enable upgrades to your account.
* Communicate with you about our services, including account management and billing
* Analyse profiles to recommend meaningful connections with other users
* Investigate alleged misbehavior on and off-site.
* Develop procedures against unlawful use of the website.
* Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent recurrence.
* To ensure legal compliance
* Comply with legal requirements
* Assist law enforcement
* Enforce or exercise our rights outlined in our Terms & Conditions
Provide our service to you: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you
have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service to build meaningful connections, we use your information to
maintain your account and your profile, to make it viewable to other users and recommend other users to you.
Legitimate interests: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users' behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings, we suggest offers we think might interest you, and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may
withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
How We Share Information
The aim of joining a site such as Caffmos is to help you make connections with other users so the main sharing of
user information is with other users.
By entering information onto the Caffmos website you share information with other users of the website. We ask you to
think carefully about the information you share publically. We urge members to chat within the Caffmos website then there is no
need to disclose your email address. Once you have shared your data publically then neither you or us can control how this data is
used.
Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the website unless we are required
to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
We do not share your information with any outside parties.
Your Rights
The Caffmos website has tools giving you complete control over your data.
The Right To Access Your Information
In the My Caffmos section of the website you can access, review and update the information you have provided to us. This
includes both text and media.
Similarly you can delete your account by using the Delete My Profile option. This deletes all your data from the Caffmos
server.
The Right To Review
The GDPR gives you the right to review the personal information we keep about you. You can request a copy of your personal
information by contacting us here.
The Right To Rectification
Individuals have the right to have their information corrected if they believe it is factually inaccurate – this is
known as the right to rectification. If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no
longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification then please contact us. Alternativley
login to your account, go to My Caffmos and update your information.
The Right To Erasure
You have a right to erase or remove your data from our service. You do do this by login onto your account, go to My Caffmos and
then selecting Delete My Profile. If you are unable to do this then please contact us. Please note once deleted
your membership of The Caffmos Community is immediatley ceased. As stated in our Terms & Conditions we do not
offer refunds on paid accounts that have been deleted by the user.
The Right To Restriction of Processing
As a user you have to right to restrict processing of your data. In practice this would mean that we would be unable to
provide our service to you anymore. If you wish to restrict processing of your data please contact us.
NOTE: For your protection and the protection of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before
we can address the above requests.
Data Security
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to your personal information. Although we take measures to secure
your information, we do not guarantee that your personal information will always remain secure.
We may suspend your use of all or part of our services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security.
If you believe that your account has been compromised and is no longer secure, please contact us.
How Long We Retain Your Information
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it to provide our service. Generally we delete information
upon deletion of your account or after 12 months of inactivity, unless:
- we must keep it to comply with law
- if there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep information until it is resolved
- the information needs to be kept for business interests, such as fraud prevention.
Childrens Privacy
Our services are for use by users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not allow users under the age of 18.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any changes beforehand.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please do not
hesitate to contact us.
Caffmos Ltd
Aizlewood's Mill
Nursery Street
Sheffield, S3 8GG
S.Yorks, England
Alternatively you can contact by email.
Join Caffmos Now
Its Absolutely Free!
Join Here !