http://www.pcadv.org/privacy-policy/#browser-safety
Skip to content
× Safety Exit
or press "Esc"
— Hides the page and opens new tab
At the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Domestic Violence (PCADV), your privacy is very important to us, and we use all reasonable efforts to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
The purpose of this privacy policy (“Policy”) is to provide you with a description of the types of information we collect about you when you visit the PCADV website located at www.pcadv.org and associated subdomains (“Site”), how we use that information, and the options available to you about how we use your information. By visiting our using the Site and/or using our online resources, tools, and applications (“Services”), you agree and consent to the provisions of this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy you may choose not to use or access the Site or Services. Unless otherwise stated, our current policy applies to all information that we collect about you through our Site and Services.
Collection of Information and How We Use It
We collect and store information that you voluntarily provide to us as well as data related to your use of the Site and Services. The personal information we receive from our Website is used solely for our own business purposes and as you may otherwise direct (e.g., to respond to your request for training registration, to process an online donation or purchase, or to respond to your request to notify you of future advocacy events.)
Personal Information
You may be asked to provide some personal information, such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number, etc. when you sign up to become a member of the organization, make a donation, register to attend an event or training, subscribe to a mailing list, or email us through our contact form Some personal information, such as email communication through the site, will be stored on our servers. Donation information, email information for mailing lists, membership contact information, and event registration information may also be stored on the servers of third-party service providers. Your personal information allows us to:
communicate with you through newsletters, announcements, and email listservs;process donations;register you for trainings or events;respond to your inquiries;provide information about our services; andresolve problems.
We will not share your personal information without a written, informed, and time-limited consent to release of information except:
when the law requires it, such as in the case of mandated reporting;to prevent death or substantial bodily harm; orto protect the rights and property of PCADV, or other third parties from substantial harm.
You also have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting us at the address below. Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address.
Log Data
When you visit our Site, we automatically collect certain information and analytical data related to your use of the Site and Services. Log Data may include your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the date and time of your visit, the pages on which you click, and information about your web browser (collectively, “Log Data”). We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and Service, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs, and for the Site’s technical administration. Log Data information will not be compared, associated, or combined with personal information you share with us; however, log data, such as IP Address, by itself, may be personally identifiable information.
Cookies
This site also uses “cookies.” Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer web browser to identify your computer when it accesses our Site. We only use cookies to obtain non-personal information from online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our website. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to reject cookies, but some areas of the Site may not have full functionality. In addition, some of our business partners (e.g., analytical tracking software providers) may use cookies and tracking technologies on the Site. We have no access to or control over these cookies or tracking technologies.
Links to Other Websites
Our site includes links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization, or representation of an affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of that third party’s privacy policy or security practices. Further, we do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites have their own Privacy Policy and may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all such websites as their statement may be materially different from PCADV’s Privacy Statement.
Donations
You can donate funds to or purchase products from PCADV to support our mission. PCADV uses third-party affiliates, to collect and process donations and payments. To make this possible, your name, billing address, and donation amount are shared via secure (encrypted) means with this third-party payment processor for the sole purpose of completing your order. PCADV does not retain or see full credit card information. It is important to review the privacy policy of the third-party affiliate and credit card processor prior to providing this information to see if their privacy policy is acceptable to you. Although all donated funds will be routed back to PCADV, the terms of processing your donation will be based on the agreement between you and such designated payment service provider and not an agreement between you and PCADV. Finally, although PCADV has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Contact Information
To contact us with your questions or comments regarding this Policy or the information collection and dissemination practices of the Site and Services or to update your Personal Information, please contact us at:
PCADV
Attn: Webmaster
3605 Vartan Way, Suite 101
Harrisburg, PA 17110