http://www.deanmead.com/privacy-policy/
Show Original
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
see attorneys
Your privacy is very important to Dean Mead. Our firm’s Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our website.
Any confidential information you provide to us through this website will remain confidential unless you authorize us to disclose it or unless the law requires or permits us to disclose it.  This Policy is intended to let you to know what information we may collect from you, and how we may use it.  Any use of this website shall be subject to the Terms of Use contained on this site as set forth below.
Information you choose to provide. You are not required to provide us with any information to use our website.  However, subject to the Terms of Use, you may choose to provide us with certain information by filling out the subscription form on our site and request to receive further communications from Dean Mead, such as an electronic newsletter, blog article, or announcement of a firm event.
Any of the following personally identifiable information that you may choose to make available to Dean Mead via our website or email marketing shall be kept confidential. This information includes, but is not limited to:
First and last name;
Company, home, postal or other physical address;
Other contact information, such as telephone number, fax number, email address, and other similar information;
Title or position in a company or an organization;
Personal interests; Spousal information; and any other information needed to provide a service you requested.
Examples of scenarios where you may provide personally identifiable information include, but are not limited to:
Emailing or communicating with the law firm;
Responding to an invitation to a seminar or an event;
Requesting brochures and literature about the firm and our practice areas;
Requesting inclusion in an email or other mailing list; and
Any other business-related reason.
Web traffic monitoring. Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” to provide our personalization feature and Web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. The information collected may include visitor’s domain names, the pages viewed, browser types, the type of device you are using to access our website, dates and times of access, and the domain name of your Internet service provider.  Dean Mead does this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our clients and visitors and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping clients and visitors reach that information.
Our website also contains social media features, such as a LinkedIn ‘Follow’ button. These features may collect your IP address and the page of origin from our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
We do not transfer this data to any third party who browses our website, without your consent, except under the section entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may transfer that information within the law firm or to a third party service provider as necessary.
Dean Mead’s website does provide a landing page and direct link to a third party for online payments specifically requested by our clients. The data collected through these transactions is sent directly to the third party and our firm does not retain this data.
Communication from us. If you provide us with your contact information and inform us that you would like to receive materials from Dean Mead, we will provide you with those requested materials. We may also contact you by mail, e-mail or other means, subject to the guidelines applicable to this website, as follows:
We may, from time to time, send you direct communications including news regarding our firm, invitations to events or articles written by our attorneys.
You must communicate an email address in order to subscribe to any of our newsletters and client alerts.
You can chose to unsubscribe at any time, either by clicking on the link provided at the bottom of our newsletters or client alerts, or by sending us a request to that effect to reply@deanmead.com.
Domain information collection. Dean Mead may collect domain information to enable us to analyze how our users/visitors use our website or email marketing materials. This data familiarizes us with ways in which clients and visitors interact with our website and read literature we send out. Dean Mead uses information to improve its web-based and electronic offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Information Sharing and Disclosure. Your personal information is never shared outside of Dean Mead without your permission, except under the conditions listed below:
Consenting to share your information with a third party service provider working on our behalf to serve you; or requiring us to provide you with a service.
Dean Mead will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in urgent circumstances to protect our employees’ personal safety, the public or our website.
Rights with regard to your Personal Data
You have the following rights regarding your Personal Data processed by us.
(a) Right of access
You may request access to your Personal Data that we collect and process about you. This is called a data subject access request and you can make a request about your Personal Data by writing to us using the contact details below.  We may require further information from you in order to verify your identity before giving you access to or disclosing any Personal Data to you.  Should you request such an access, we will provide you with a copy of all your Personal Data in our possession as well as all legally required information, including:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of Personal Data concerned;
the recipients to whom the Personal Data have been or will be disclosed;
the duration of storage of the Personal Data; and
further information on your rights regarding your Personal Data.
(b) Right to data portability
You have the right to data portability of your Personal Data. This right differs from your right to access, since it only relates to the Personal Data you provided us with (for example, automatically collected data is not included). This right allows you to receive this Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in order for you to be able to transfer this Personal Data to another data controller or processor.
(c) Right to rectification
You may, at any time, request that we rectify inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data concerning you, and we will proceed accordingly and promptly.
(d) Right to deletion (‘right to be forgotten’)
You may request the deletion of your Personal Data provided that one of the following conditions apply:
your Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed;
there is no statutory or legal basis requiring us to maintain your Personal Data;
you withdraw your consent for the processing and there is no other legal ground for the processing (this only relates to the Personal Data collected via the contact form or for our newsletter purposes);
you exercise your right to object to the processing of your Personal Data;
your Personal Data was unlawfully processed; or
your Personal Data has to be erased to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
(e) Right to object
Where your personal situation justifies it, you may object to the processing of your Personal Data by us when this processing is carried out in our legitimate interests.
You may also, at any time, object to the processing of your Personal Data by us when this processing is carried out for marketing purposes.
(f) Right to restriction of processing
You may ask for the restriction of the processing of your Personal Data when one of the following applies:
where you dispute the accuracy of your Personal Data, you can request the restriction of the processing of your Personal Data for the period required to verify your claim;
where the processing is unlawful, you may choose to request the restriction of the use of your Personal Data instead of requesting its erasure;
if we no longer need your Personal Data for the purpose of the processing, but you require this data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or
where you objected to the processing of your Personal Data carried out in our legitimate interests, you may request the restriction of this processing while we investigate your claim.
If and when you notify us of a rectification or deletion of your personal data or a restriction of processing, we will attempt to notify each recipient to whom your Personal Data has been disclosed (unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort).
(g) Right to lodge a complaint
Please note that you always have the right to lodge a complaint regarding a breach of your rights in relation to your Personal Data with the competent supervisory authority.
Privacy of Children
Children under the age of 18 are not eligible to use our website or to provide their Personal Data to us in any way. We recognize the privacy interest of children. In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not knowingly collect any information, including any personally identifiable information, from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website and services are directed to persons who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contact Information
Nichole M. Mooney, Esq.
Shareholder
General Counsel, Ethics Counsel and Secretary
Dean, Mead, Egerton, Bloodworth, Capouano & Bozarth, P.A.
420 S. Orange Avenue, Suite 700
Orlando, FL 32801
Email: NMooney@deanmead.com
Phone: (407) 841-1200 x5110
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting Dean Mead’s website.  We created this site to provide you with more detailed information about the legal services that we provide to our clients.  It is intended for this purpose only.  None of the information contained in this website is intended to constitute, nor does it constitute, legal advice or the solicitation of a particular prospective client.
Viewing our website is also not intended to and will not create an attorney-client relationship between you and Dean Mead.  An attorney-client relationship cannot be formed with us by merely reading the information on this website.  Client relationships will only be formed by specific and explicit agreements reached with an individual attorney at Dean Mead.  We are not soliciting clients, nor do we propose any type of transaction by providing you with the information on this website.  You should not act or rely on any information contained on this website without first seeking the advice of an attorney.  Your determination of the need for legal services and your choice of a lawyer are extremely important decisions and should not be based solely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise.
Any information that you send to us in an e-mail message might not be considered to be confidential or privileged.  Sending us an e-mail message will also not make you a client of Dean Mead.  If you are interested in having us represent you, please contact one of our attorneys directly; and we will determine whether the matter is one that we are willing or able to accept.  We will not make such a determination solely by e-mail communication.  We reserve the right to decline any representation.  We are also compelled to decline representation if it would create a conflict of interest with any of our firm clients.  You should not provide us with any confidential information — whether by letter, e-mail or telephone — until after we have first had an opportunity to determine whether representing you would create a conflict of interest with any of our other clients.
Dean Mead has endeavored to comply with all legal and ethical requirements in the creation of this website.  We do not want to, and we will not, represent clients based on their review of any portion of this website that may not comply with any applicable legal or ethical requirements.
All materials contained on this website constitute the copyrighted property of Dean Mead unless a separate copyright notice has been placed on the material.  Reproduction, distribution, republication and retransmission of material contained within our website is prohibited unless you have first obtained the prior written permission of Dean Mead.
The law is rapidly changing.  Although we intend the information contained on this website to be useful, we are unable to guarantee that any of the information contained here is correct, complete or up-to-date.
This website may also contain links to websites that have been created or are maintained by others.  We make no warranty, express or implied, about the accuracy or reliability of the information contained on this website or on any other website to which this site has been linked.  Dean Mead does not necessarily sponsor, endorse, or otherwise approve of the materials appearing in such sites.  Links to other sites are not intended to state or imply that Dean Mead sponsors or that it is affiliated or associated in any way with the information found at those other websites.  Furthermore, the opinions expressed in materials contained on such websites are solely the opinions of the individual author(s) and may not reflect the opinions of Dean Mead or any of its shareholders or employees.
© 2018 Dean Mead
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
see attorneys
×
Subscribe to any of our blogs for news straight to your inbox!
Please enter your name
Please enter a valid email
Real Estate & Lending
Tax Law
Trusts & Estates
Water Law