http://www.bristol-cathedral.co.uk/general/privacy-and-cookies/
General
Privacy & Cookies
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be used by Bristol Cathedral.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are often used to help make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. We do not use cookies to identify you. This website uses the following cookies listed below:
exp_last_activity: Allows us to remember the last time you interacted with the site within the current visit.
exp_tracker: Allows us to remember the last 5 pages you viewed.
Cookies prefixed by ‘__utm’: Stores information used by Google Analytics to track user activity on the site.
You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site may not work as a result. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Information we collect and hold
We will only collect and hold information that you provide to us.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Bristol Cathedral, College Green, Bristol, BS1 5TJ.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Changes to policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Any such changes will be effetive once posted on this page.
General
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Keep in touch
Sign up to our mailing list to receive updates or join us on Facebook.
Mailing List
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Home
Faith & Worship
Advent & Christmas at Bristol Cathedral
Faith
Daily services
Prayer
Collect (prayer) for the week
Sermons & Lectures
Cathedral community
Diocese of Bristol
Visit us
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Opening hours - admission is free
How to find us
Accessibility - advice for disabled visitors
The Cathedral Shop (closed)
The Cathedral Café
The Cathedral Garden
Venue hire
Group Visits
Guided Tours
Film
Reviews
Photography
Bells and Bellringing
Places to visit in Bristol
News
Families
Cathedral Kids
Crafty Cathedral
The Way to the Manger
About us
Who we are
Contact us
Cathedral organisation
Cathedral strategy
Safeguarding
Data protection
Vacancies
Domestic abuse
Social Justice
The Social Justice Network
Social Justice Group
Food Poverty
Homeless Outreach
Tackling Modern Slavery
Caring for the environment
Schools
Home School Resources
School visits
Education Days
School Events
Education Volunteers
Music
Organ renovation project
The Cathedral Organ
The Cathedral Choir
Visiting Choirs
The Cathedral Consort
Bristol Cathedral Choral Alumni
Recruitment of singers and musicians
Services and Music
History and heritage
Virtual Tour
Brief History
Explore the Cathedral
Archaeology
Search the Collection
Support Us
Volunteering
Donate
Cathedral community giving
Leaving a Gift in your Will
Bristol Cathedral Trust
The Fitzhardinge Society
Friends of Bristol Cathedral
Choral Foundation