http://www.padmaloka.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
privacy
Padmaloka Retreat Centre takes the issue of your online privacy seriously. If you have any questions concerning our privacy policy that are not addressed here, please contact as below:
by post or in person
Padmaloka Manager
Lesingham House,
The Covey,
Surlingham
Norfolk,
NR14 7AL
telephone
01508 538112
If we can't answer your call do leave a message and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
email
info@padmaloka.org.uk
information collection and use
https://padmaloka.org.uk collects information you provide such as name, contact details and email address for which you gave your consent when you signed up to receive emails from us. You are not required to provide this information except when booking a retreat or making any other online purchase. We use your contact details so that we can contact you in case of issues with changes to retreats, payment and similar circumstances and to send you information about upcoming retreats and fundraising projects (in the case of those who have made financial donations to Padmaloka). We use your banking details to process donations you have made us and to send you a receipt for such donations. We also use your personal data to claim Gift Aid, if applicable.
https://padmaloka.org.uk also collects information about your use of our website including IP address, how much time you spend on the site and what you like to view, from both registered users and general visitors to the site. This data is used solely to manage the website, track usage and improve our website services. This information does not identify the user personally and may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services, for example with google analytics.
We keep your data until you inform us that you no longer wish to receive news from us.
email opt in/opt out
We may use your email address to send periodic emails regarding our retreats and events. However, we will only do so if you have given us your permission. If you change your mind at a later date simply click on the word 'Unsubscribe' on the email newsletter.
links
https://padmaloka.org.uk contains links to other Triratna websites which you may find useful or of interest. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, the user should satisfy themselves as to the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on our site.
correcting, updating or removing personal information
Anybody attending events at Padmaloka Retreat Centre may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by contacting the centre directly using the contact details shown above and on the ‘Contact Us’ page of this site. You can also request that we give you a copy of the data we hold on you in a machine-readable format.
sharing and disclosure of information we collect
We will never share, sell or trade your personal data or disclose your personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary:
To conform to legal requirements
To protect our rights
To protect the safety of members of the public or those attending the Buddhist Centre
To carry out the wider activities of Padmaloka Retreat Centre and the Ordination Team. This involves sharing information of men training for Ordination with other members of the Triratna College of Preceptors, who oversee ordinations into the Triratna Buddhist Order. It can also involve sharing information of men with Order Members at local Triratna Buddhist centres, who support these individuals in training for Ordination.
use of cookies
https://padmaloka.org.uk uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, to customise newsletter, advertising, and web page content based on browser type and user profile information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable to notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. However, you will need to enable cookies from https://padmaloka.org.uk in order to use some functions on the site.
copyright
© 2018 https://padmaloka.org.uk All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means including but not restricted to, electronic, mechanical, printed or recorded without the express prior permission of the copyright owner.