http://www.policeone.com/police-products/investigation/computer-digital-forensics/articles/take-your-privacy-back-4-tips-for-helping-leos-protect-their-personal-data-OzLrs1KvvGqcAa6F/
Make Police1 your homepage
Open the tools menu in your browser. This may be called “Tools” or use an icon like the cog
or menu bars
Select the option or tab named “Internet Options (Internet Explorer)”, “Options (Firefox)”, “Preferences (Safari)” or “Settings (Chrome)”.
Look for a box or option labeled “Home Page (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari)” or “On Startup (Chrome)”.
Enter “https://www.police1.com/” and click OK.
If you need further help setting your homepage, check your browser’s Help menu
BrandFocus
Sponsored content from top police brands
Police Products
Police Computer/Digital Forensics
Email
Print
Take your privacy back: 4 tips for helping LEOs protect their personal data
Digital privacy is more important than ever before; here are some tips to help you take your privacy back online
Content provided by OfficerPrivacy.com
Digital privacy is more important than ever before for law enforcement officers. With data being available at anyone's fingertips, taking back your online privacy is critical.
While you can't become completely invisible online, you should strive to become a challenging target.
We live in a time where information is everywhere, but there are ways you can protect yourself and your family. (Photo/Getty)
Here are four tips to help you take your privacy back online.
1. Protect your home address
Google your name, the city you live in, and the word "address" and you will be surprised at what you find. People-search sites like WhitePages, Spokeo and BeenVerified expose your personal information, including your home address, phone number, email address and names of relatives.
Removing yourself from these sites is an investment, but worth it.
Be sure to start this process early. Deleting your information from these sites can take up to a month.
2. Protect your credit
Placing a security freeze will not allow new creditors to query or establish a new credit account in your name. If you need to open a new account, you can unfreeze the account if necessary.
This service is free and takes less than five minutes for each account. Go beyond the top three –
Experian, Equifax and Transunion. Remember: Innovis, Chex, and NCTUE.
3. Set up two-factor authentication
Have you ever logged into an account and received a six-digit code? That's two-factor authentication (2FA) and it's effective at keeping your accounts secure.
Set up 2FA on every account that offers it, especially your email accounts. Your financial, shopping and social media accounts use password-reset requests sent via email. If your email account is compromised, a hacker could intercept those password-reset emails and change the passwords to your accounts.
Data breaches are common, and they expose your usernames and passwords. If you have 2FA enabled, an attacker will not be able to access your account.
4. Disable your location settings
Did you know you can download the data Facebook and Google collects about you? This information can include your location, where you spend a lot of your time and places you travel.
Oftentimes, this information is stored via default settings on your cellphone. If you are not comfortable with this, learn how to change the settings.
Protect yourself and your family
In need of additional privacy tips that can help you take back your privacy? Download our free eBook to learn more about privacy techniques you and your family should adopt to stay safe.
About OfficerPrivacy.com
We live in a time where information is everywhere. Anyone with an internet connection can quickly find your home address. For law enforcement officers, this can be a huge problem.
We want to help.
OfficerPrivacy.com removes you from the top 30 people-search sites that expose your home address on the internet. Once your information is removed, we constantly monitor these sites to ensure you don't re-appear. If your information happens to re-appear, we quickly remove you.
Protect yourself and your family from criminals and the curious.
Thank You!
Tags
BrandFocus Sponsored Content
Investigations
Off Duty
Sponsored By
Want
to know more about OfficerPrivacy.com?
Get info
Company News
How LEOs can reclaim personal privacy online
Founded by a former police officer and computer forensics expert, OfficerPrivacy removes personal information from top people-search sites, giving LEOs an extra measure of security
OfficerPrivacy.com service launch keeps personal addresses, phone numbers, and family details from prying eyes online
OfficerPrivacy
Copyright © 2020 Police1. All rights reserved.