http://www.legalaid.qld.gov.au/System-Pages/Privacy
You are here:
Home
>Privacy
In this section
Contact us
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Right to information
Accessibility
Access keys
Other languages
Sitemap
Help
Queensland Government
Search
Complaints and compliments form
Main Content Anchor
Privacy
Your privacy
Legal Aid Queensland is committed to protecting user privacy. We understand as a user of this website you are concerned about your privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information provided.
Information collected
Unless you specifically tell us, the Legal Aid Queensland website will never know who you are.
Any personal information you provide will only be used for the purpose specified at the time it is collected. If you are consulting a lawyer, Legal Aid Queensland may be required by law to disclose personal information to other government agencies or entities as required.
When you visit the Legal Aid Queensland website our web measurement tool and servers record anonymous information for statistical purposes only, including:
the type of browser, computer platform and screen resolution you are using
your traffic patterns through our site such as:
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages you accessed and documents downloaded
the previous page you visited prior to accessing our site
the Internet address of the server accessing our site
access to information collected
This information will only be made available to Legal Aid Queensland. No attempt is or will be made to identify your personal details except in the event of an investigation when a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect our logs.
Cookies
The transactional services available from this website may use cookies to track business processes. Internet cookies are small strings of text placed on users' hard drives during the data exchange that happens when a browser points to a website. Cookies allow a website to store information on a user's machine and later retrieve it. They remember preferences you enter and then tailor a site to suit your needs. Cookies have no way of disclosing your name or any personal information.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you configure your browser to reject all cookies some of our website features or services may not function properly.
Email
Email correspondence sent to this site via the website feedback link or individual email addresses will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the Public Records Act 2002 and other relevant regulations.
We will not add any details from your email to a mailing list and we will not disclose these details to third parties without your consent, unless required by law. We will disclose your email details to the relevant authorities if necessary to protect the safety of the public or to protect the rights and property of Legal Aid Queensland.
Email traffic may be monitored by our web team for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes only.
Security
This site does not provide open access facilities for securely transmitting information across the Internet. You are advised that there can be risks with transmitting information across the Internet.
This site contains links to other websites, but Legal Aid Queensland is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
Contact
If you have any queries about our privacy and security practices, please contact rti@legalaid.qld.gov.au
Back to top
Quick Exit