http://www.peterpaul.org.uk/privacy-policy
01924 240 240
Donate
About us
Find us
Safeguarding
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About St Peter and St Paul's Privacy Policy
Our Privacy PolicySt Peter and St Paul's is a Roman Catholic Church, a registered charity (No. 249404) and a part of the Diocese of Leeds.Our Privacy Policy below explains how we obtain, use and protect any personal information you provide. Whether via phone, online email or text, in letters or in other communications.This Privacy Policy outlines the following:The information that St Peter and St Paul's Parish collects about you or your activity;How we intend to use the information we collect;Why and when St Peter and St Paul's may use your details to contact you;If we intend to share your details with anyone else;Your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. Also the use of cookies on our website and what control you can have over such cookies.Safeguarding your private or personal information is very important to us at St Peter and St Paul's. Whenever you provide us with your information, then we are legally obliged to use this information in line with all of the relevant legislation and laws which are concerned with the protection of personal information. This Includes the Data Protection Act 1998, and the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR) introduced by the European Union.The St Peter and St Paul's Parish website will at times contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by other ( 3rd ) parties. These 3rd party websites will have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies; including differing policies/applications in terms of how they use cookies. We would recommend that you to read and interpret these independently from our own platforms, as they may use your personal information in a different way, and have different 3rd party processors or controllers. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such 3rd party websites and please be advised that your use of such websites will be at your own risk.
Information we collect
The information collected and how we obtain your consentWe obtain your consent to hold data
in two ways:1. When you contact us to make a donation or purchase an item online.2. When you sign up to any of the Parishes activities, newsletters or message boards, or you telephone, email, or write to or text the Parish , or engage with the us via social media channels.As a result of the above, we may retain personal information about you. This may consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number, bank account details to process donations and maybe whether or not you are a tax payer;this would help us so that we are able to claim gift aid.By submitting your details, you enable our Parish (and where applicable any 3rd parties which we may use) to raise funds and to provide you with the goods, services, information, activities or online content that you choose.We do not usually collect "sensitive personal data" about your health, profile or status, unless there is a clear reason for doing so - Such as participation in an event where we need this to ensure that we provide appropriate facilities or support to enable you to participate in an event. Clear notices will be provided on applications for such events so that it is clear about what information we need and why we need it.If you are browsing our website as an anonymous visitor, then please note that we may still collect certain information from you, such as your IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet).The Parish website also uses cookies. Cookies are small text files on your device. They are made by your web browser when you visit a website. Every time you go back to that website, your browser will send the cookie file back to the website's server. They improve your experience of using a website, for example, by remembering your preference settings and by measuring your use of a website to ensure that it meets your needs. See the section below for more detail on how we use cookies and how you can control your cookie preferences.How do I withdraw my consent?At any time, you can request that we reveal, edit, amend, remove or share the information which we hold about you. We will respond to your request in writing. We have an obligation to respond within a specific timeframe; Currently 28 Days - In some cases for (example purchases) it may be necessary under law that we hold details of transactions on file for legal reasons. Although this would not preclude it from being revealed to you.Please email: peterpaulsandal@icloud.comor write to:St Peter and St Paul'sSt George's Walk,Standbridge Lane,WakefieldWF2 7NR
How we use your information
How we use your informationThe Parish of St Peter and St Paul's will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:In relation to any correspondence you have entered into with us whether by letter, email, text, social media, message board or any other means;For "service administration purposes", which means that the Parish may contact you for reasons related to donations you have made or the activity or online content you have signed up for;For internal administration and record keeping;To fulfil sales contracts you have entered into with the Parish;To contact you about any content you provide;To invite you to participate in surveys or research about the Parish or our work (participation is always voluntary);For marketing purposes where you have specifically agreed to this (see below);To provide you with information about our activities or online content you have agreed to receive;To personalise the way that the Parish content is presented to you;To use IP addresses to identify the location of users, or to block disruptive use, to establish the number of visits from different countries, provinces or regions;To analyse and improve the activities and content offered by the the Parish website to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience. We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.What about Marketing purposes?Our Parish will only contact you for marketing purposes by email or other electronic means if you have agreed to be contacted for these purposes or where you have made a donation and have not opted out from receiving further information. Where you have provided your postal address we may send you direct mail about our work unless you have told us that you do not wish to receive
information.If you wish to contact us either to obtain information about our work or to stop us sending you
information please contact us:Please email: peterpaulsandal@icloud.comor write to:St Peter and St Paul'sSt George's Walk,Standbridge Lane,WakefieldWF2 7NRYou may also opt out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any marketing email from the Diocese.
Offensive Or inapproprate content
Should you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content to or anywhere on the Parish website or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any Parish or wider Church service, we may use your personal information to stop such behaviour.Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the laws of England and Wales (or the law of Scotland if you live there) (e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory), we may provide personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
3rd Party Services
Will the Parish share my personal information with anyone else?We will only use your information within the Parish for the purposes for which it was obtained. unless you have explicitly agreed that we may share your information with another organisation. Sometimes the Parish contracts third parties to process your information on our behalf. We require these third parties to comply strictly with our instructions and data protection laws.We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies for tax purposes or law enforcement agencies for the prevention and detection of crime, subject to such bodies providing us with a relevant request in writing).
Optional 3rd Party tools
Optional toolsWe may recommend/provide or reference links or access to third-party tools, over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide information / access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party sites or tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.Certain content, products and services available via our Service may also include materials or information from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
Server Security
Our website is hosted on Amazon Web Servers. They provide
the online server platform which allows us to host our services to you.Your data is stored through Amazons data storage, databases and general secured applications. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall and any forms completed on our website are submitted through a secure encrypted page.To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide your credit card information by transacting through our website, then the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, our server providers ( AWS ) follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Holding Information - Duration
How long we hold informationWe will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, e.g we will keep a record of donations for at least seven years. If you request us not to send you marketing information we will keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us. Where you contribute material to us, e.g. user generated content or in response to a particular campaign we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted unless otherwise stated at the point of generation.
Accessing Information
Your right to accessUnder the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We require you to prove your identity with two pieces of approved identification).Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer at St Peter and St Paul's.The accuracy of your information is important to us. We are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that the Parish maintains about you. In the meantime, if you change email address or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, you can let us know through our website or email us at peterpaulsandal@icloud.comor write to:St Peter and St Paul'sSt George's Walk,Standbridge Lane,WakefieldWF2 7NR
Cookies Management
Cookies Policy - Information the Parish collects from your computer or mobile deviceCookies are small text files on your device. They are placed on to your computer by your web-browser or the website you are visiting. Every time you go back to that website, your browser will send the cookie file back to the website's server. Cookies are very useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org . For a video about cookies visit http://www.google.co.uk/goodtoknow/data-on-the-web/cookiesCookies do lots of different jobs, for example they allow you to navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience.They can also help to ensure that advertising you see online are tailored to you and your behaviour / interests.b. Why does St Peter and St Paul's Parish use cookies?St Peter and St Paul's through the server uses cookies in order to provide you with a more personalised web experience and serviceCookies help us identify which parts of our website people are using, and help us do work on those sections of the website to improve the user experience. We also use cookies to help show content on our site which is relevant to you and your interests, for example if on a previous visit you went to our pages about a Pilgrimage, news or events, we might find this out from your cookie and show you other information on our website related to the Pilgrimage , news or events on subsequent visits.Information supplied in cookies also allows us to measure the effectiveness of online marketing campaigns for the Parish . This enables us to ensure any money we spend on digital marketing is more likely to address the interests of those receiving our communicationsHow to control and delete cookiesCookies are used to enable us to improve services for you through, for example:remembering if you are logged in so you can move around the website without having to log in again on each page (for example if you are in checkout)measuring how many people are using each page of the website and for how long so that we can try to improve the quality of our websiteenabling you to view content shared on other sites e.g Social Platforms.We have included a full list of the main cookies that we use and what each is used for, together with ways to control your cookie preferences :Manage cookies hereIf you wish to restrict or block browser cookies you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our Parish website.
Changes to this Policy
Changes to the Parishes Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy may be occasionally edited /updated, therefor you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the Parish. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use the Parish website to submit personal information to us. If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website.
Parish of St. Peter & St. PaulSt. Georges WalkWakefieldWF2 7NRTel. 01924 240240Email: office.sspeterpaul.wakefield@dioceseofleeds.org.ukThe Diocese of Leeds is a Charity registered in England and Wales as Leeds Diocesan Trust, registration number 249404. The sole trustee of the charity is a trust corporation, The Diocese of Leeds Trustee, registered in England and Wales, registration number 2886244.Registered Office: Hinsley Hall, 62 Headingley Lane, Leeds, LS6 2B
Privacy Notice
Share by: