http://www.kirschenbaumesq.com/page/privacy-policy
ALARM & SECURITY
PURCHASE A
CONTRACT
ALARM
LAW ARTICLES
ALARM
LAW ISSUES
ALARM
LAW WEBINARS
REPORTED
CASES
THE ALARM EXCHANGE
HEALTHCARE
COMPLIANCE ORDER
FORM
HEALTHCARE
ARTICLES
HEALTHCARE
NEWSLETTERS
HEALTHCARE
WEBINARS
BUY/SELL
EXCHANGE
BANKRUPTCY
Bankruptcy Articles
Bankruptcy Forms
Bankruptcy Links
PRACTICE AREAS
Acquisitions
Bankruptcy
Collections
Commercial
Litigation
Corporate Law
Employment
Family
Law
Matrimonial
Real Estate
Probate/Estate
Wills/Trusts
OUR
FIRM
OUR
ATTORNEYS
CONTACT
MAKE A PAYMENT
X close
Alarm/Security/Fire Contracts
What is My
Alarm Company Worth?
The Alarm Exchange
Subscribe to
Newsletter
Lawyer Concierge Program
PRACTICE AREAS
Acquisitions
Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy Articles
Collections
Commercial Litigation
Corporate Law
Employment
Family Law
Matrimonial
Real Estate
Probate/Estate
Wills/Trusts
ALARM & SECURITY
Purchase a Contract
Alarm Law Articles
Alarm Law Issues
Alarm Law Webinars
Reported Cases
The Alarm Exchange
HEALTHCARE
Compliance Order Form
Healthcare Articles
Healthcare Newsletters
Healthcare Webinars
Buy/Sell Exchange
OUR ATTORNEYS
CONTACT
OUR FIRM
MAKE A PAYMENT
Kirschenbaum & Kirschenbaum, P.C.
Privacy Policy
Last Revised August 29, 2019
Protecting your privacy is fundamental to the way ­­Kirschenbaum & Kirschenbaum, P.C., conducts the practice of law. Although privacy regulations require companies to inform you of their practices regarding the collection and use of your personal information, keeping client information confidential has always been our policy. We have always known that privacy is important to you, and we are committed to safeguarding your personal information. This Privacy Statement explains how we may collect, use and disclose your personal information.
Personal Information
In the course of practicing law, it is common for us to receive sensitive information from and about our clients, including financial and business information, some of which constitutes personal information. Generally speaking, personal information is any information that can be used, directly or indirectly, to identify, locate or contact someone. Types of personal information include names, physical addresses, mailing addresses, social security numbers, email addresses, phone numbers, bank account numbers and driver’s license numbers. Under certain circumstances, personal information may also include other information that can reasonably link to a particular person, such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, unique device identification numbers, employment information, medical information and internet activity.
How We Collect and Use Personal Information
Typically, we receive personal information directly from our clients or their agents in the course of performing our services. For example, clients may provide their personal information to us in order for us to create a contract or analyze information needed to file a lawsuit, among other activities. And we may collect personal information through services authorized by our clients.
We also collect personal information through our website (www.kirschenbaumesq.com), such as through the online transactions processed therein. For example, in preparing a valuation of alarm company clients, we may retain information provided by clients in our online forms, such as information relating to clients’ number of subscribers, monthly revenue, or insurance claims, among other information. Furthermore, in processing a client’s payment for our services through our website, we may retain email and credit card information from the transaction. Our web servers may also collect information from visitors such as IP address, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform.
Our website, like most websites, employs “cookies” and similar technologies. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit our website and allow us to recognize your browser and obtain information about your use of our website.
Overall, we use the personal information we collect from you to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. We may also use your personal information: (1) to provide you with information relating to services that you request from us; (2) to provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our legal practice, or events or news, that may be of interest to you; (3) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections; (4) to improve our website and present its contents to you; (5) for any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose personal information we collect from you: (1) to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business; (2) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; (3) for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; (4) to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request; (5) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections; (6) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others; or (7) with your consent. We do not sell or otherwise share personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access and disclosure. The use of, and access to, your personal information by us is restricted to employees and contractors who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to limit access to your nonpublic personal information.
Unfortunately, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to us through our website or other electronic means. Any electronic transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Third-Party Providers
Some applications and services embedded within, or linked from, our website, such as maps and social media platforms, are controlled by third-party providers. These third-parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our website or navigate away from our website. These third parties may also have privacy policies that differ from ours. For example, they may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites, and other online services, and may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third-parties or their privacy practices, and this Privacy Statement does not apply to any third-party website or service you may access through our website. If you have any questions about a third-party provider’s privacy policies or advertising, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Non-Personal Information
This Privacy Statement does not restrict our collection, use or disclosure of any aggregated information or information that does not identify, or cannot be reasonably linked to, any individual.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
We will post any changes we make to this Privacy Statement on our website. If we make material changes to how we treat personal information we collect from you, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage. The date this Privacy Statement was last revised is identified above. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting this Privacy Statement on our website to check for any changes.
Contact Information
­­­­­Kirschenbaum & Kirschenbaum, P.C., appreciates your business. If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, please call us at (516) 747-6700 ext. 301 or email us at Ken@KirschenbaumEsq.com.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. Note that Kirschenbaum & Kirschenbaum PC is not admitted to practice law in California.
1.     CCPA Privacy Notice
PRIVACY STATEMENT-CALIFORNIA
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy of Kirschenbaum & Kirschenbaum, P.C., (hereinafter, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to clients, visitors, users, employees, and others who reside in the State of California (hereinafter, “consumer” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
NO
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Personal information does not include:
·         Publicly available information from government records.
·         De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
·         Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
o    health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
o    personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
·         Directly from our clients or their agents. For example, from documents that our clients provide to us related to the services for which they engage us.
·         Indirectly from our clients or their agents. For example, through information we collect from our clients in the course of providing services to them.
·         Directly and indirectly from activity on our website (www.kirschenbaumesq.com). For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically.
·         From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform. For example, from outside companies we may use to assist us in providing you with legal services.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
·         To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide us with personal information in order for us to file arbitration on your behalf, we may provide that information to another law firm to assist us in representing you.
·         To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
·         To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our services, events, or news, that may be of interest to you.
·         To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
·         To improve our website and present its contents to you.
·         For testing, research, analysis and development of our services.
·         As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
·         To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
·         As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
·         To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.  When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A:             Identifiers.Category B:             California Customer Records personal information categories.Category C:             Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Category I:              Professional or employment-related information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
·         Our affiliates.
·         Service providers.
·         Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
·         The categories of personal information we collected about you.
·         The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
·         Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
·         The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
·         The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
·         If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
o    sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
o    disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
1.    Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
2.    Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
3.    Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4.    Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
5.    Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
6.    Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
7.    Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
8.    Comply with a legal obligation.
9.    Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
·         Calling us at (516) 747-6700 ext. 301; or
·         Visiting www.KirschenbaumEsq.com
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
·         Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
·         Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
·         Deny you our legal services.
·         Charge you different prices or rates for our legal services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
·         Provide you a different level or quality of our legal services.
·         Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for our legal services or a different level or quality of our legal services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: (516) 747-6700 ext. 301Website: www.KirschenbaumEsq.comEmail: Ken@KirschenbaumEsq.comPostal Address: 200 Garden City Plaza, Garden City, NY 11530Attn: Kenneth Kirschenbaum, Esq.
Questions? Contact Us!
×
To ask us a question, please fill out the contact form below and press “submit”.
Name*
E-mail*
Phone
Message*
Close
Submit