https://www.worldnumerology.com/privacy-policy.html
WORLD NUMEROLOGY® Master Numerologist Hans Decoz
WORLD NUMEROLOGY®
1
1
1
Home
Free Insights
Free Insights
FREE Numerology Reading
Your Daily Number Forecast
Your Heart's Desire
Your Transformative Ages
Do Your Own Reading
Monthly Relationship Forecast
Your Monthly Forecast
Your Personal Year Forecast
Numerology Reports
Numerology Reports
Delivered in PDF format
Delivered via our App
Numerology 4 Professionals
About Numerology About Numerology
What Is Numerology
Your Life Path
Free Numerology Course
Your Birthday Number
Master Numbers
Meaning of Numbers 1 - 9
All Numerology Articles
Support
Support
Support
Contact Us
About Decoz
1
1
1
World Numerology® is committed to safeguarding your privacy
We do not share your personal data or contact information with anyone
For questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us
Email: legal@worldnumerology.com or USPS mail:
World Numerology LLC
1900 West Gray #130922, Houston TX, 77219, USA
Except for legal purposes (as stated in this paragraph) we do not share or reveal your personal or contact information with others. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process involving World Numerology LLC and/or its subsidiaries, the World Numerology app (“Decoz World Numerology Collection”), the World Numerology website, other websites owned by World Numerology LLC, and/or World Numerology LLC's owners or employees.
ADVERTISING POLICY
We have a no-spam, no-advertising policy and do not use cookies for advertising purposes or third-party access. We do not allow others to advertise on the Decoz World Numerology App or any World Numerology owned websites. However, you may encounter advertisements on affiliate websites who offer the Decoz World Numerology app and/or our numerology reports. We do use cookies to make the app work properly.
SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
During the process of creating your account we ask for personal information that is required to accurately produce your numerology charts and reports. This information includes your full name at birth, your date of birth, and the name you use now. We also store the email address and password you provide to access your account. We are committed to keeping this information secure through encryption and other methods. In the event we are given your information by another party (for the purpose of sending you a report as a gift, for example) we store your information as described above. Once you receive your report, you may change your password on the Account link on the Decoz World Numerology Collection App.
We take extensive measures to protect your financial information. We use one of the most highly rated payment systems available and all credit card information is encrypted. We do not store your credit card or PayPal information.
OTHER GATHERED INFORMATION
For World Numerology's websites, software, and app to perform as designed, we collect personal information such as your IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), visited, referring, incoming and exit pages, operating system, and date/time stamp. This information is for business purposes only, and is not shared unless required by law. We also collect traffic statistics and related information; however, this information is filed anonymously and is not linked to our users or their devices. We install one or more small text files called cookies on our user's hard drive. This is for record-keeping purposes only, and greatly enhances your user-experience. If you wish to remove our cookie(s), you can do so by following the instructions in your browser settings.
TO UNSUBSCRIBE TO EMAILS
To unsubscribe from our emails, send an email to unsubscribe@worldnumerology.com with the word Unsubscribe in the subject line. Unsubscribe links can also be found at the bottom of any email you receive from us.
TO DISCONTINUE USING THE DECOZ WORLD NUMEROLOGY APP
If you no longer wish to use the Decoz World Numerology App or access your free and/or paid reports, simply delete the app from your computer, mobile device and/or tablet. In addition, if you want to be deleted from our App database, email us at info@worldnumerology.com and provide the email address and User Name you used to create your account. Deleting the app from your computer will not cancel the remaining days of your subscription, so you can download the app again to access your reports if you change your mind (within the remaining subscription period). Deleting your account from our database will cancel your remaining subscription. (See our Refund Policy for PC, Mac, and Android or click Help on the menu bar of the app. Refunds for purchases made through iTunes, click here)
For questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy, Agreement, or Disclaimer please contact us: Email: legal@worldnumerology.com or USPS mail: World Numerology – 1900 West Gray #130922 - Houston, TX 77219, USA.
Includes your Free 8-page Personal
Reading and Daily Forecast. Make them for your friends too!
HOLIDAY SPECIAL:
35% off the Full Subscription - pay only $25 (Reg. $39) Use promo code HH2020
Purchase through the app. (?)
Note: iTunes doesn't use discount codes - iPhone and iPad users install and purchase from our computer version to apply the discount. If you only have an iPhone, click here...
We do not share your email address or personal data with anyone. Learn more...
World Numerology® holds the exclusive license to Decoz® numerology software and online readings and charts
World Numerology LLC |
1900 W. Gray #130922 | Houston, TX USA - 77219 | Email: 2worldnumerology@gmail.com
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Support | Partner With Us
Worldnumerology.com - 2020 Copyright © Hans Decoz and World Numerology LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Decoz® and World Numerology® are registered trademarks
Protected by Copyscape. Do not copy content from this page.