http://www.sentencingproject.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Overview
Events
Staff & Board
Employment & Internships
Annual Reports & Newsletters
Contact Us
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for sentencingproject.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about news, events, campaigns, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what information we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any information we have about you.
Have us delete any information we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your information.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, gifts management) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
If you choose to sign up to receive updates from The Sentencing Project, you must complete the registration form. The registration form requires you to submit your name, email address, and zip code. At your option, you may also provide other information (such as address and phone number), but it is not required.
Updates
Our privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us at staff@sentencingproject.org.
Get Our Email Updates
Sign Up
Donate to The Sentencing Project
As a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization, individual donations provide vital support for The Sentencing Project as we work for a fair and effective criminal justice system. Your contribution will make a difference today.
Donate Now