https://www.conservationnw.org/about-us/resources/cnw-privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Conservation Northwest website! By visiting this website, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy.
This Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.conservationnw.org and applies to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Conservation Northwest is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email sign-up, direct contact forms, and online donations/purchases. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us, to process donation or purchases, and to send correspondence that you have specifically signed up for or requested to receive. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. The easiest method to do so is to contact us directly at info (at) conservationnw.org or 206-675-9747. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
Change contact preferences, including unsubscribing from all or certain emails.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, processing gifts or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Donations and Orders
We request information from you on our online donation and order forms. To donate to or purchase merchandise from us, you must provide contact information (like name and billing/shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes, to process your donation, and/or to fill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Analytics
We do not directly collect “cookies” on this site. We do, however, utilize standard Google Analytics services to track the number of new website visitors, return visitors, and the length of time you spend on a particular page within the website. Other information such as screen resolution, computer operating system, language, and browser type will be utilized one time to automatically format our website to the optimal display based on your device. Learn more about Google Analytics at this website.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We may use an outside vendor to ship orders or send mail, and a credit card processing company to bill users for gifts, goods, and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other websites, including social media platforms. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Donor Privacy Policy
Conservation Northwest is committed to respecting the privacy of donors. The types of donor information that we collect and maintains are as follows:
Contact information: name, address, telephone number and email address
Giving information
Information on events attended, publications received and special requests
for program information
Information provided by the donor in the form of comments and suggestions
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via telephone at (206) 675-9747 or via email at info (at) conservationnw.org.
Stay up to date with local conservation efforts
A Wild FutureDepends on You
Donate Today