http://www.cic-wildlife.org/2020/07/10/helping-wildlife-and-our-friends-in-namibia-10-july-2020/
Primary Menu
Who We Are
The CIC
Organizational Structure
Membership
Membership Structure
Sponsorship Programme
News About Members
The Beginnings
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CIC Headquarters
General Assemblies
Awards & Prizes
Committee
Markhor Award
Hunting in Art Prize
Communications Prize
Wildlife Photo Prize
Divisions
APPLIED SCIENCE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Big Game
Small game
Migratory Species
Wildlife Diseases
Wildlife Resource Economics
Crop & Livestock Production Systems and Wildlife
Trophy Evaluation
POLICY & LAW
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting Laws and Policies
Multilateral Agreements
Weapons, Ammunition and Cross-border Movement
CULTURE
Structure, Contacts
Core Working Fields
Hunting in Art
Falconry
Traditional Hunting
Way of life
CIC Museum Palárikovo
CROSS-DIVISION ACTIVITIES
CPW
WICAC
Young opinion
Structure, Contacts
Activities
News About YO
Artemis Club
Structure, Contacts
News about Artemis Club
Partners
FAO
UNESCO
UNEP
IUCN
OIE
AEWA
CITES
CMS
CBD
FACE
ELO
IAF
CEU
CIC representations at other partners’ meetings
Collection of Other Partners’ Website
Media
Recent News
Publications
CIC Magazine
African Indaba
CIC Video Channel
Technical Series in English
Technical Series in German
Technical Series in French
Technical Series in Russian
Other CIC Publications
Publications by CIC Members
Trophy Evaluation
About the TES
The Handbook
Medals and certificates
CIC International Gold Medal
National Medals
STJ and CCM network
Frequently asked questions
10 July 2020
Latest News, News about members
The Namibian Professional Hunters Association (NAPHA) has recently started an initiative, the NAPHA Conservation Pin. This pin is a symbol of their continued support of conservation in all its facets. By supporting this initiative, you too can become a valuable link in the conservation chain. To honour and celebrate 46 years of NAPHA’s conservation endeavours and the promotion of sustainable utilisation, NAPHA has undertaken this initiative to raise funds to advance and sustain Namibian conservation. Enshrined in the Namibian Constitution is the sustainable use of its natural resources. This was the first of its kind in the world. This declaration is further reiterated in the aims of the association. NAPHA is an association of members supporting a common goal.
Over the years NAPHA actively supported various research and scientific data projects; to name a few – rabies in kudu, genome sequencing, establishing the rangeland of blackfaced impala, as well as undertaking a two-year leopard survey. It has supported and facilitated undergraduate studies. It supports education, both in rural and urban areas and advocates the importance of ethical and sustainable hunting. It enjoys an open-door policy and dialogue with its line Ministry, the Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Tourism, when addressing legislative and policy matters.
NAPHA’s attendance and participation on various international platforms like CITES, the AWCF, CIC, DSC, SCI, Conservation Force as well as domestic and regional affiliates and stakeholder NGO’s, has been instrumental and attributed to cumulative efforts to secure Namibia’s vast habitat, fauna and flora.
The pin, cast in antique silver, is the silhouette of Namibia and adorned with a topaz. This precious stone is typically colourless (silver) or pale blue, consisting of an aluminium silicate that contains fluorine and is found in the Erongo Mountain Range. Like antique silver, our ancient land has withstood the test of time, and not only against the elements, but also human interventions. With Namibia’s wildlife and habitat being constantly confronted by human adversity, it warrants vigilant custodianship. Such vigilance comes at a high price. With the topaz symbolizing healing, hope and abundance, it was the obvious choice to include this Namibian gem in the pin along with an engraving of the majestic kudu, NAPHA’s emblem.
The pin will become available at the end of June with two donation options available:
Habitat 1
For NAD 4,800 (Euro 240.00 or USD 270.00) you will receive a NAPHA CONSERVATION PIN with a topaz gemstone and a 24-month subscription to our weekly news update, keeping you informed of developments in Namibia, as well as a copy of our annual HuntiNamibia magazine in either English or German.
Habitat 2
For NAD 2,400 (Euro 120.00 or USD 135.00) you will receive a NAPHA CONSERVATION PIN without a topaz gemstone and a 12-month subscription to our weekly news update, keeping you informed, as well as a copy of our annual HuntiNamibia magazine in either English or German.
Orders can be placed by completing the Order Form and returning it to info@napha.com.na
YOU ARE OUR AMBASSADORS; WE THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING OUR WILDLIFE HERITAGE.
Download the German Text here.
PURCHASE YOUR PIN AND SUPPORT WILDLIFE
Leave a Reply Cancel Reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Current ye@r *
Leave this field empty
CIC VIDEO CHANNEL
Tweets
Facebook
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. [cookie_settings] [cookie_button] [cookie_reject] [cookie_link]Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Save & Accept