http://www.findyoga.com.au/privacy
Privacy Policy
findyoga
Toggle navigation
Nothing found...
Places
Listings
Events
Teachers
Styles
Recent
Online Yoga
Find Yoga
Yoga Studios and Teachers
Yoga Classes
Yoga Events
Yoga Retreats
Yoga Workshops
Yoga Courses
Yoga Teacher Training
About Yoga
What Yoga is Right for Me?
What is Yoga?
What is Pranyama?
FindYoga Journal
Yoga Jobs
Yoga for Health
Yoga Poses
Popular
Yoga in Australia
Yoga in Sydney
Yoga in Melbourne
Yoga in Perth
Yoga in NSW
Yoga in VIC
Yoga in QLD
Yoga in India
Yoga in Bali
Yoga in Fiji
More
Promote on FindYoga
About FindYoga
Contact FindYoga
Login
Sign In
Join
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on February 03, 2014.
FindYoga ("us", "we", or "our") operates www.findyoga.com.au (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at www.findyoga.com.au.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
FindYoga has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
FindYoga may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
×
Sign into FindYoga
Sign in with Facebook
OR
Email
Password
Sign in
Forgot password?
Don't have an account? Join FindYoga
×
Join FindYoga
Sign up with Facebook
Signing up with Facebook is fast and easy. We'll never post anything without your permission.
Or use your email, that's cool too:
First name
Last name
Email
Password
I'd like to add my listing to FindYoga
Join
Already have an account? Sign in
×
Forgotten your password?
Email address
Send reset linkI remember, sign in
Discover
Studios & Teachers
Yoga Events
Training Courses
Training Providers
anusara Yoga
ashtanga Yoga
bikram Yoga
hatha Yoga
hot-yoga Yoga
iyengar Yoga
jivamukti Yoga
kundalini Yoga
prenatal Yoga
restorative Yoga
Discover
Studios & Teachers
Yoga Events
Training Courses
Training Providers
Community
Yoga Journal
Yoga Styles
Join FindYoga
Create
Promote on FindYoga
Contact
Send us an Email
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to the FindYoga newsletter!
We'll send you a weekly roundup of the best events and posts
Your name
Email address
Subscribe
About
Contact
Privacy
Terms of Use
© FindYoga 2020
Do you have a yoga studio?Promote on FindYoga today