https://www.surreyfoodbank.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
×
Search for:
About Us
Employment Opportunities
The Food Bank
History
F.A.Q.
Privacy Policy
Youth Philanthropy Initiative
Annual Reports
Donors
People Like You
Donate Today
Ongoing Pledges
Holiday Fundraising
Food & Fund Drives
Third Party Events
Most Needed Items
Where can I drop off my food donations?
Volunteers
Become a Board member
Volunteer Information
Client Programs
About Our Programs
Registration Requirements
Other Distribution Centres
Evening Distribution
Hamper to Your Home
Babies & Toddlers
Thrifty Kitchen Cookbook
Seniors Distribution for 65+
Food Distribution
News & Events
Latest News
Events Calendar
Contact Us
×
Recent Updates due to Covid-19
Learn More
HomeAbout UsCurrent: Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Surrey Food Bank respects the privacy of all our clients, donors and site visitors and complies with all aspects of Canada’s Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act. The only personal information that we gather from clients, donors and site visitors is that which you voluntarily provide.
Site Visitors
The Surrey Food Bank does not track visitors through the use of cookies and any general statistics gathered from our site traffic are used only for our own purposes. We do not request site visitors to provide any personal information in order to contact us or to be added to our newsletter, unless specifically requested by the visitor.
If you do choose to provide us with personal information through any form present on this site, this information is not distributed or used by any third party.
Donors
The Surrey Food Bank will only request specific information from you in order to complete a donation transaction. Your information is added to our donor database, but this information will not be sold, traded or otherwise distributed to any other organization or companies. We do not use your personal information to conduct direct mail or phone solicitation campaigns.
Any credit card information is captured in a secure environment. The Surrey Food Bank Society utilizes First Data’s secure online payment gateway. The information you enter is handled directly by First Data and their payment processing system, Beanstream.
Clients
The Surrey Food Bank will only request specific information from you in order to process your request for food related assistance. Your information is added to our client database and held in the strictest confidence. This information will not be sold, traded or otherwise distributed to any other organization or third party.
General
By using our site or services and providing the requested information to us, you consent to the collection, use and storage of your personal information in the manner described herein.
If you have any questions or concerns about the protection of your privacy while visiting our site or using our services, please feel free to contact us by telephone at (604) 581-5443 or by email.
Donate Today