http://www.bethelbaptistchurch.org.uk/privacy/
PRIVACY & COOKIESWe respect the privacy of every individual who visits our website. Under Data Protection legislation the church Charity Trustees of Bethel Baptist Church are the Data Controller and can be contacted as detailed here. Our Data Protection Policy can be viewed here.Personal informationIf you email us from this website, we will only retain your name and details for as long as is necessary for us to with your enquiry. We will not pass on your details to anyone other than the person (or people) in our church who are best able to deal with your enquiry.If you are concerned about the way your information is being handled please speak to our Data Protection Trustee. If you are still unhappy you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office.Visitors to the website may be tracked by WordPress, 123Reg (the website host), and Google. We may identify the location servers of visitors to the website, but cannot identify individual IP addresses. We may also gather information about your computer to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.Your personal information will be processed for the following specified purposes: (a) dealing your requests; (b) sending you information which you have requested; (c) auditing usage of this website; and (d) monitoring usage of this website to enable us to update and tailor the website to meet the needs of users.We may also  keep a record of those links which are most regularly used, thus enabling us to provide the most helpful information to users. Such information is held anonymously and you will not be personally identifiable from this information.CookiesWe may gather information about your use of our website by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
01954 230458111 MiddlewatchSwaveseyCB24 4RP
Facebook
Youtube
Podcast