https://www.narf.org/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy last revised May 3, 2016.
This is the official Privacy Policy for the Native American Rights Fund (NARF). This privacy policy applies to www.narf.org (and each subdomain associated with this URL) and other websites operated by the Native American Rights Fund. Since the sites will continue to implement new technologies and improve their services and features, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. NARF reserves the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time and will post those changes on our website. Any modifications are deemed to be in effect at the time that they are posted. By using our sites, you expressly consent to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
Normal website usage
The Native American Rights Fund has a firm commitment to internet privacy. You can visit most portions of our sites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect from a normal web site visit are aggregate traffic data statistics like the names of users’ internet service providers, browsers and types of machines being used, the website that referred to us, the pages requested and the date and time they were requested. This information is gathered using cookies (see side bar for more information about cookies) and is not personally identifiable/anonymous. We use this information to generate website traffic statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site to our visitors. To collect this data, we use Google Analytics. An explanation of Google’s privacy policy and terms is available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Electronic postcard feature:
If you choose to send an electronic postcard from our site, we ask for an email address to send the card. That email address is used only for sending the e-card and is not used by NARF in any other way.
“Remember me” feature:
On some of our forms, we offer an optional “remember me” feature that can recall your information for greater ease on subsequent visits to the site. NARF does not collect or use any information from this feature.
Collection and use of personally identifiable information
The Native American Rights Fund may collect name, address, email addresses and other personally identifiable data when such data is voluntarily submitted.
For example, our site uses forms for visitors to request information, products, and services, or to make a donation. Contact information from the form is used to send orders and information about NARF to our visitors. Financial information is used to bill visitors in connection with their orders and donations.
NARF is committed to properly securing the personal information that we collect. To help us accomplish this, we employ internal access controls. For example, the only people who see our donors’ information are those with a need to do so to perform their official duties. We use technical controls to secure the information that we collect, including but not limited to Secure Socket Layer (SSL), encryption, firewalls, and password protection. NARF uses industry-accepted data collection and encryption methodologies to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information. While we try our best to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We occasionally have third parties perform services on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, credit card processing, shipping, etc. These third parties have access to your personal information only as needed to perform their services for the Native American Rights Fund and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information.
We may also use or disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or this site; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, this site or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, site users, or the public.
NARF does not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information outside the organization without your permission. We do not share any personal information collected on our website without offering you the option to opt-out. Individuals who respond to our print mailings and donations forms also have the option to opt-out of sharing their personal information such as name and mailing address with other organizations that we think may be of interest to our donors. At any time, you also may opt out of such list exchanges by following these opt-out procedures:
Opt-Out and Correction Procedures
FOR POSTAL MAIL
To opt out of having your membership information exchanged with other organizations, or to unsubscribe from NARF print communications, send us email or postal mail as follows:
Email to eaction@narf.org.
Send postal mail to:
Native American Rights Fund – Development Dept.
1506 Broadway
Boulder, CO 80302
In your letter or email, make sure to give us your:
·Full Name
·Mailing address (including City, State and Zip Code)
·Clearly indicate how we can help you with any of the following:
Correcting your contact information.
Removing your information from being shared with other organizations.
Ending any postal mailings from NARF.
FOR EMAIL
There are several ways in which you can opt-out of receiving future email communications:
We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out at the point where we request information from you, such as when you make a donation through our site. You also have the opportunity to specify the email subscriptions that you wish to receive or not receive. You can update your email subscription preferences through your account at the Member Center at any time.
You also have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving future email communications from us by following the “unsubscribe” or “remove” instructions contained in emails we send you.
When you unsubscribe from our emails, you will no longer receive marketing emails from us, but we may need to continue to contact you via email for administrative purposes, including follow-up messages regarding the administration of your account, contests you have entered, donation administration, or other transactions you have undertaken.
Children’s Privacy
Since our sites are not designed specifically for children, NARF does not intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a person under the age of 13, we will automatically delete it.
Complaint Procedure
If you suspect that we have handled your personal information in a manner that doesn’t comply with the Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mailing an explanation to eaction@narf.org.
Use of cookies and tracking technology:
A “cookie” is a small string of text that is sent to your computer or device that can collect data regarding your operating system, browser type, device type, mobile device ID, screen resolution, IP address and other technical information. You can remove, block, or disable cookies using the settings in your web browser.
Links on our website:
By clicking on a logo or link for a third party website, you will leave the NARF website and will be redirected to that party’s site, where you will be subject to that site’s terms of use and privacy policy.
About Us
Staff
Board of Directors
Annual Reports & Financials
Environmental Sustainability
Library and Research
Indian Law News