http://www.pastorswives.org/practical_help_for_ministers_wives/quiet_time
Home
Full Website
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Statement of Faith
Who We Are
Site Map
Forum
Message Board Terms of Use
How To Register
Message Board Staff
Abbreviations
Resources
Children
Conferences for Pastors Wives
Depression in Ministry - Resources
Forced Terminations - Resources
Ministry Positions
Pastors and Porn
Retreats for Pastors & Wives
Help
Bible Study Tools
Candidating For Ministry Positions
Conflict in Ministry
Depression in Ministry
Feeding a Large Group
Memorizing Scripture
Quiet Time
Sharing Your Testimony
When People Throw Stones
Answers
Boundaries in Ministry
Recruiting Volunteers
The Role of a Pastor's Wife
Stress-Free Holiday Meals
Practical Help for Pastors' WivesQuiet TimeWhy Have a Quiet Time?To enjoy fellowship with God and get to know Him better (Phil. 3:8-10; Matt. 22:37,38).To delight God (Proverbs 15:8b).To discover principles to direct our lives (Psalm 119:105).To develop perspectives on life from God's point of view (Romans 12:2).Practical Suggestions:Set aside a regular time each day to spend with God and make it a daily priority. Find a quiet place where you can be alone and free from distractions (Mark 1:35). Have your Bible, a pen and notebook, if at all possible. Come with an attitude of expectancy and a hunger to meet God. (Luke 10:38-42) But, whatever your state or attitude, come and bring your thoughts and distractions to God.Quiet Time Ideas(Remember this is just ONE idea.)Pray using the "Prayer Hand" illustration: This graphic is from The Navigators webpage Start at the "pinky" finger, pointing your thumb towards you. Confession - Agreeing with God about my sin. 1 John 1:9 "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all
unrighteousness."Petition - Asking God for my needs.1 Samuel 1:27 "I prayed for this child, and the LORD has granted me what I asked of
Him."Intercession - Praying for others.Ephesians 6:18,19 " And pray in the Spirit on all occasions with all kinds of prayers and requests. With this in mind, be alert and always keep on praying for all the saints. Pray also for me, that whenever I open my mouth, words may be given me so that I will fearlessly make known the mystery of the gospel,"Thanksgiving - Thank God for what He has done for me.Ephesians 5:20
"Always giving thanks to God the Father for everything, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ."Praise - Voicing my wonder about who God is.Psalm 146:1,2 "Praise the LORD. Praise the LORD, O my soul.2 I will praise the LORD all my life; I will sing praise to my God as long as I live."Once you go through this, you will see that just as the thumb can reach each of your fingers, so praise should permeate your whole day.OR, This may be a little easier to remember... The ACTS acrostic for your quiet timeA=Adoration: Spend time praising the Lord by praying the Psalms back to Him (Psalm 28:7 & 100:4). Sing hymns, listen to a praise tape, or praise Him for His attributes.C=Confession: Ask God to search your heart (Psalm 139:23,24). Confess any sins the Holy Spirit reveals to you (Psalm. 66:18, 1 John 1:9). Make certain that you're filled with the Spirit (Ephesians 5:15-20).T=Thanksgiving:Thank God for all that He's done and is doing in your life and the lives of others. Write a list of what you're thankful
for.S=Supplication:Pray for specific things each day such as personal concerns, family, upcoming events, friends, missionaries, etc. Write down your requests so you'll have a record of God's guidance and faithfulness.Spend time in the WordHave a schedule for your daily reading and read slowly and thoughtfully.Ask questions about how it relates to your life.Reread and substitute your name in appropriate places addressing the passage to God. Try this using Philippians 2:13.Occasionally read out loud. Record your thoughts and the verses that stand out to you in a notebook.To Do: Select a definite time and place for
your quiet time for each day of the next week. Start with a short period of time that's comfortable for you. Try 10 to 15 minutes.
Pastors´ Wives
Thriving Message Board
Click Here
PW´s
Thriving Blog
Click Here
How Does The Message Board Work?
Our Message Board is open to any pastor's wife who has registered. This makes for a safe place to "be ourselves" without judgment. An online message board works like this: One person types a question, situation, or statement. Other members of the Board can read it and reply under what the previous person has written. Most posts receive numerous replies; some long some short.
How Do I Become a Member of the Message Board?
Want to know how to register for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Want to know the Terms of Service for the Message Board?CLICK HERE
Concerned about our Privacy Policy?CLICK HERE
Ready to sign up?CLICK HERE !
Privacy Policy Terms of Use What We Believe Who Are We
Registered Hosting & Web Development Services