https://www.kavokerr.com/terms
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
KaVo Kerr Group Online Terms of Use
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. By accessing or using this website, you signify your agreement with these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use are agreed to by and between you and KAVO KERR GROUP. In consideration for your use of and access to this website, and the promises and obligations in these Terms of Use, and intending to be legally bound, you and KAVO KERR GROUP agree to all of these Terms of Use. Please print a copy of these Terms of Use for your reference. If you do not agree to the following Terms of Use, do not access or use this website, and instead contact KAVO KERR GROUP in writing or via telephone as set forth below for desired information.
KAVO KERR GROUP reserves the right to modify or amend these Terms of Use at any time. All changes shall be effective immediately upon their posting. Material changes to the terms of use will be posted conspicuously on this website. By accessing the website following posting of changes to the Terms of Use, you agree to all such changes.
GENERAL
KAVO KERR GROUP authorizes you to view and download the materials at this and all websites owned and operated by KAVO KERR GROUP ("Site") only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. For purposes of these Terms of Use, any use of these materials on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms of Use, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials. KAVO KERR GROUP also reserves the right to terminate your authorization to use any services at the Site and, where applicable, to delete any one or more of your related access accounts, with or without cause, immediately and at any time.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Copyright 1996 Dental Specialties, Inc. All rights reserved.
All copyrightable text, audio, video, graphics, charts, photographs, icons, and the design, selection, and arrangement of content in any medium on this website are copyrighted by KAVO KERR GROUP, unless otherwise noted. The distinctive and original layout and presentation of this website also constitutes protectable trade dress under applicable federal law. In addition, many proprietary names and marks belonging to KAVO KERR GROUP appear throughout this website. This website may also contain references to third-party marks, and copies of third-party copyrighted materials, which are the property of their respective owners. Any unauthorized use of any trade dress, marks, or any other intellectual property belonging to KAVO KERR GROUP or any third party is strictly prohibited, and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
PHOTO LIBRARY TERMS OF USE
KAVO KERR GROUP photo library images are to assist KAVO KERR GROUP customers in their patient education effort. These images may be used by authorized KAVO KERR GROUP dealers and distributors, and within dental practice and dental study club websites and presentations for purposes that adhere to the Photo Library Terms of Use as defined on this Site.
The images on these pages are provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
KaVo Kerr Group Dental Specialties owns and retains the copyrights in the images except as noted. No copyright license (either express or implied) is granted to the user, other than the right to reproduce the images without alteration for product promotion by authorized KAVO KERR GROUP dealers and distributors, dental patient education and dental staff education use only. The images are provided to recipient as is. All implied warranties are hereby disclaimed, including, without limitation, the warranties of title, infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.
USE OF SOFTWARE
If you download software from this Site ("Software"), use of the Software is subject to the license terms in the Software License Agreement that accompanies or is provided with the Software. You may not download or install the Software until you have read and accepted the terms of the Software License Agreement.
PRIVACY POLICY
By your access and use of this website, you hereby agree to the terms of the KAVO KERR GROUP Privacy Policy, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference.
BULLETIN BOARDS, CHAT ROOMS, AND OTHER INTERACTIVE AREAS
KAVO KERR GROUP may provide bulletin boards, chat rooms and other interactive areas for its visitors to participate in. By accessing or using this website, you agree to abide by the following guidelines for use of the bulletin boards, chat rooms and other interactive areas of this website:
1. You must maintain a polite, pleasant environment. Comments that harass, abuse or threaten others are prohibited. You may not criticize other individual users or KAVO KERR GROUP or any of its affiliates. 2. You must ensure that all comments are appropriate to all people. Any content that is defamatory, pornographic, obscene, or otherwise objectionable is prohibited. 3. You must keep your comments relevant to the stated topic. 4. Any conduct that in KAVO KERR GROUP's sole discretion restricts others from using or enjoying the website is prohibited. 5. You may not advertise a business or service. 6. Copyrighted material may only be posted with permission of the author. 7. Harvesting or collecting information about others, including e-mail addresses is prohibited. 8. You may not send any chain letters, junk mail, unauthorized e-mail, or commercial solicitations, or to engage in, facilitate or encourage any illegal activities.
All users of this website must also follow any other guidelines or rules provided by KAVO KERR GROUP or posted on this website. A failure to comply with any of these guidelines or rules, or any of the other provisions of these Terms of Use and Conditions, will result in, among other possible action, the immediate termination of all membership and privileges to post content to the website. Please report any violations of these guidelines to KAVO KERR GROUP, as provided for in the "Contacting Us" paragraph of these Terms of Use.
You and other users of the KAVO KERR GROUP bulletin boards, chat rooms and other interactive areas are solely responsible for the contents and consequences of the messages you communicate or post on this website. You should exercise the utmost discretion before providing any personal information on this website. Although KAVO KERR GROUP is not obligated to monitor content or the accuracy of information, you acknowledge and agree that KAVO KERR GROUP, in its sole discretion, has the right to monitor, without notice, any such content or information posted on this website. KAVO KERR GROUP also reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to prohibit or remove any conduct or content, without notice, for any reason, and to revoke any user’s membership, for any reason.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. KaVo Kerr Group does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use this web-site only with involvement of a parent or guardian. KaVo Kerr Group reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from KaVo Kerr Group are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Product Descriptions
KaVo Kerr Group attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, KaVo Kerr Group does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by KaVo Kerr Group itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
KAVO KERR GROUP respects the rights of intellectual property owners, and asks that its users do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes infringement, please provide KAVO KERR GROUP the following information, in the form prescribed by Section 512 of Title 17, United States Code: 1.an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; 2. a description of the copyrighted work or works that you claim have been infringed; 3. a description of the allegedly infringing material, including its location on the website; 4. your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; 5. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 6. a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
KAVO KERR GROUP's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its website is: KaVo Kerr Group Attn: General Counsel 1717 W. Collins Ave Orange, CA 92867
You and KAVO KERR GROUP understand and agree that: (1) KAVO KERR GROUP assumes no liability or responsibility for any content or material of any kind that is submitted for or posted on any interactive area on the website (including without limitation any bulletin boards, chat rooms, surveys on the website) by you or by any other users or third parties and (2) KAVO KERR GROUP is a publisher of any such content, and is acting solely as an Internet Service Provider as such term is defined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Links to third party websites on this Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. KAVO KERR GROUP has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, KAVO KERR GROUP does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
KAVO KERR GROUP consents to links to this Web site in which the link and the pages that are activated by the link do not: (a) create frames around any page on this Web site or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of any content within this site; (b) misrepresent your relationship with KAVO KERR GROUP; (c) imply that KAVO KERR GROUP approves or endorses you, your Web site, or your service or product offerings; and (d) present false or misleading impressions about KAVO KERR GROUP or otherwise damage the goodwill associated with the KAVO KERR GROUP name or trademarks. As a further condition to being permitted to link to this site, you agree that KAVO KERR GROUP may at any time, in its sole discretion, terminate permission to link to this Web site. In such event, you agree to immediately remove all links to this Web site and to cease using any KAVO KERR GROUP trademark.
NO WARRANTY
THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. KAVO KERR GROUP further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials or services at this Site. KAVO KERR GROUP may make changes to the materials and services at this Site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials and services at this Site may be out of date, and KAVO KERR GROUP makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this Site. Information published at this Site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from KAVO KERR GROUP or in any manner from this website shall create any warranty.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL KAVO KERR GROUP DENTAL SPECIALTIES, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ALL COSTS THEREOF. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE.
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless KAVO KERR GROUP, its officers, representatives, directors, employees, consultants and agents from any and all losses, expenses, third-party claims, liabilities, damages and costs (including without limitation attorneys’ fees) arising from or related to your use of this website, your use of any material, information or data downloaded or otherwise obtained from this website, or your violation of these Terms of Use, including without limitation, your infringement of any intellectual property or other right of KAVO KERR GROUP or any other person or entity.
INTERPRETATION OF DISPUTES
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions. Venue shall be proper exclusively in Orange, California with respect to any dispute arising under these Terms of Use, unless otherwise specifically agreed by KAVO KERR GROUP in its sole discretion. In the event of any dispute, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recovery of its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed unenforceable or invalid by a court or arbitrator, then the court or arbitrator shall modify such provision to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision enforceable and valid. Should such modification prove impossible or impracticable then the provision shall be severed and the remaining terms of these Terms of Use shall be interpreted and read to give them maximum enforceability. Any cause of action or claim with respect to this website must be commenced within one (1) year after the action or claim arises.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
By your access or use of this website, you hereby agree to these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and KAVO KERR GROUP with respect to your access and use of this website and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use will be effective only if in writing and signed by KAVO KERR GROUP. These Terms of Use will inure to the benefit of KAVO KERR GROUP’s successors and assigns.
ELETRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
You acknowledge that these Terms of Use are a valid and binding agreement. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree that these Terms of Use and any other documentation, agreements, notices or communications between you and KAVO KERR GROUP may be provided to you electronically. Please print a copy of all such documentation, agreements, notices or other communications for your reference.
CONTACTING US
If you have any other questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Use, please contact us at: 2200 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Suite 800W Washington, DC 20037 Revised June 2008 Copyright
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from KaVo Kerr Group are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
KaVo Dental GmbH and KerrHawe SA (“Company”), along with our affiliates and subsidiaries respect your privacy, value our relationship, and are committed to safeguarding your privacy. We understand the importance of privacy to our customers and visitors to Company websites. Our use of Personal Data is governed by our Privacy Policy and by accessing and using the Company websites, you agree to be bound by that Privacy Policy.
You recognize and agree that when submitting your personally identifiable info rmation to Company websites, while Company has safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized access or interception, there is no absolute guarantee of security. IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT OF AN INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS DESPITE OUR EFFORTS, COMPANY SHAL L NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INTERCEPTIONS OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) SUFFERED BY A CUSTOMER OR USER, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS PREVIOUSLY BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILI TY OF SUCH DAMAGES, COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT, EITHER EXPRESSLY OR IMPLIED, THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY ANY CUSTOMER SHALL BE FREE FROM INTERCEPTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. EACH CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF HIS OR HER OWN PASSWORD.
KAVO SWEDEN WEBSHOP
1 Terms of Use KaVo Sweden Webshop
Other than allowing You to purchase products (“Products”) and to manage your Account through the www.kavo.com portal (“Site”), the Site is provided to You for informational purposes. By accessing the Site, You agree that You will not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use (“Terms”). You shall not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any server or network of KaVo Dental GmbH, KerrHawe SA or affiliated companies (“KaVo Kerr”). You shall not gain or try to gain unauthorized access to any area on the Site, which is protected by password, or any other computer systems or networks connected to any server of KaVo Kerr through hacking or any other means.
All information provided by KaVo Kerr on this Site is made available to provide immediate access for the convenience of interested persons. KaVo Kerr aims to include accurate and up to date information, but makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this Site and disclaims any liability for the use of this Site and any site linked to it.   KaVo Kerr may change this Site at any time without notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it. Access and use of this Site and any website linked to from this Site and the content thereof is at the risk of users. Neither KaVo Kerr nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site or on any website linked to from this Site shall be liable in any manner whatsoever for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access, use or inability to use this Site or any website linked to from this Site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof.
2 Your KaVo Kerr Customer Account
In order to purchase Products or access certain functions from this Site, You will be required to create an account by registering Your name, providing certain information about yourself, and creating a password (  “Account”). You agree that You will provide complete, current and accurate information about yourself as requested, and that You will keep that information up to date. You are responsible for safeguarding the confidentiality of Your username and password which are used to access Your Account on the Site. You agree not to disclose Your username or password to any third party. You agree that you are solely and fully responsible for any activities or actions taken under Your Account, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions. You will immediately notify KaVo Kerr of any unauthorized use of Your Account.
3 Making Purchases
If You wish to purchase any Products through our Site, We will ask You to supply certain information applicable to your purchase, including, without limitation, payment and other information. Any such information will be treated as described in our Privacy Policy which you can find under https://www.kavokerr.com/privacy. You agree to pay all charges incurred by You or any users of Your Account and credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You will also be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to Your purchases. Verification of information applicable to a purchase may be required prior to our acceptance of any order.
When You place an order to purchase a Product, We will send You an e-mail confirming receipt of Your order and containing the details of Your order, which does not constitute an acceptance of Your order. Your order represents an offer to us to purchase a Product, which is accepted by KaVo Kerr when We either send an e-mail confirmation of Your order or ship the ordered Products to You. Any Products on the same order which We have not confirmed by e-mail or shipment do not form part of the contract between You and KaVo Kerr.
By placing an order, You represent that the Products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. We reserve the right, with or without prior notice, to limit the available quantity of or discontinue any Product; to honour, or impose conditions on the honouring of, any promotion; to bar any user from making any or all purchase(s); and/or to refuse to provide any user with any Product.
Descriptions, images, references, features, content, specifications, Products, price and availability of any Products or services are subject to change without notice, and our current prices can be found on our Site and/or through our current price list. Additionally, all images are not to scale. We make reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our Products; however, the image that You see will depend on Your computer system and We cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display the Product. KaVo Kerr does not assume any liability for the accuracy or correctness of any description, image, reference, feature, content, or specification made on the Site.
Some Products shown or described on this Site may not be available or not be regulatory cleared, released or licensed for sale in all markets.
KaVo Kerr continually strives to improve its Products; therefore, KaVo Kerr reserves the right to improve, modify, or discontinue Products at any time or to change specification and prices without notice and without incurring obligations.
4 Payment Terms and Billing
Our standard terms of payment for KaVo Kerr Products are net 30 days. Past due balances under all payment plans will be subject to a 15% default charge per month.
5 Shipping/Shipping charges
All orders will be followed up by a KaVo Kerr customer care representative who will inform you on the delivery of your order.
Shipments are made either freight collect or paid by KaVo Kerr and added to the invoice. Unless special instructions are received with Your order, the shipping method will be at KaVo Kerr’s option; prices are in the currency of Sweden. Same-day emergency shipping is available upon request and paid for by You.
All efforts will be made to provide the Product ordered in the time frame requested, however, any delivery date provided to You is to serve only as an estimation and is not a guarantee.
Title to the Products will pass to You when full payment has been received. If You refuse delivery without KaVo Kerr's consent, You must pay KaVo Kerr's expenses or loss resulting from that refusal, including but not limited to, storage costs, return shipping fees and/or restocking fees. Risk of the loss of the Product(s) will pass to You upon receiving and signing the delivery of the Product.
When You receive the Products, You must inspect the shipment for any defects or non-conformity. Any discrepancies should be reported to KaVo Kerr’s customer service and support within 48 hours of receipt of shipment. After this period, it will be deemed that You will have accepted the Products as shipped.
6 Returns/Exchanges
KaVo Kerr offers You the opportunity to return Products purchased from KaVo Kerr to the terms and conditions set out in this Return Policy (including expired Products):
You may return Products purchased from KaVo Kerr within thirty (30) days from the invoice date of the respective Products.
Products of a value equal or higher than the value of the returned Products.
You may only return Products that are still in their intact original packaging. In particular, the original packaging and the Products may not be damaged, marked, or otherwise altered.
No Product tied to a promotion may be returned for credit; exchange only.
KaVo Kerr may modify or terminate this Return Policy at any time in whole or in part. Changes to or the termination of the Return Policy will not affect the return rights granted under this Return Policy for Products purchased prior to the date of the change or termination.
Products purchased in a kit or set cannot be returned and/or exchanged as individual components.
To process a return or an exchange, please contact KaVo Kerr customer service in order to receive a return authorization number (RA#) and instructions on how to return the Product. Product must be sent back to KaVo Kerr via a traceable method and with the necessary RA#. Returns or exchanges will not be accepted without the necessary RA#.
This Return Policy sets forth the entire understanding regarding the return and exchange of Products and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions relating to the return and exchange of Products.
7 Repairs and Warranty
Should any instrumentation require repair, please contact KaVo Kerr customer service for conditions, information, and instructions on how to proceed regarding KaVo Kerr’s repair services.
8 Termination
Either You or KaVo Kerr may terminate Your access to the Site and to Your Account at any time, with or without cause, and with or without prior notice. Upon termination for any reason, Your right to access or use the Site will immediately cease. Upon termination, You will have no further access to any information, files or materials related to Your Account. KaVo Kerr shall have no liability whatsoever to You or any third party as a result of a termination of Your rights of access to Your Account.
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS
To be read alongside the specific details of each promotion
1. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer and is subject to availability.
2. Offer is only open to UK based Dental surgeries.
3. If for any reason any aspect of this promotion is not capable of running as planned, including by reason of infection by computer virus, network failure, bugs, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or any cause beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this promotion, the Promoter may in its sole discretion cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the promotion.
4. The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies will not be liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this promotion or accepting or using the ordered items, except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law (including personal injury, death and fraud) in which case that liability is limited to the minimum allowable by law.
5. By participating, applicants confirm that they have read and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and by the decisions of the Promoter, which are final in all matters relating to the promotion. Failure to do so will result in the forfeiture of the promotion. No correspondence will be entered into.
6. The Promoter will only use the personal details supplied for the administration of the promotion and for no other purpose.
7. Promotions are governed by English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
The Promoter is KaVo Dental Limited, Unit 11, Corinium Industrial Estate, Raans Road, Amersham, Buckinghamshire, HP6 6JL
PSP LOYALTY PROGRAM (UK)
Discount applied against the KaVo Scan Exam and Scan Exam One (with standard configuration and warranty) DIGORA™ Optime Classic (DXR-50), DIGORA™ FMX and DenOptix users. No other brands will be accepted as part of the trade-in.
Valid until 31.12.2018 or while stocks last.
Serial number of the old unit needs to be stated in the order
Signed “Scrappage certificate” needs to be attached to order
Order reference: “PSP Loyalty Program” needs to be stated in the order
Without the above-mentioned information the special discount cannot be granted.
KaVo Care Webshop
Your KaVo Care repair is subject to the following Terms & Conditions
All KaVo Care repairs will be accepted only at KaVo’s sole discretion and KaVo may refuse to make any repair for any reason or no reason at all.
Upon completion of Your repair, Your preferred dealer will invoice You for Your repair. Aside from any added taxes on Your repair, Your invoice amount will only exceed the amount listed in the shopping cart if the repairs required are different than or more extensive than the repairs ordered.
All KaVo Care orders are non- cancellable on submitted.
KaVo will not return any handpieces found to be part of KaVo’s loaner stock or otherwise belonging to KaVo.
Only KaVo Hardware is covered by KaVo Care and KaVo makes no warranty for any third party hardware or any other third party items, whether supplied by KaVo or a third party, that are integrated into Your KaVo handpiece.
You agree and authorize KaVo to communicate with you by any electronic means (including cellular phone, email, facsimile automatic dialing and recorded messages) or any other form of communication concerning Your KaVo Care repair.
The timelines provided by KaVo for repairs and return of Your handpiece(s) are subject to events outside of KaVo’ control and KaVo shall not be held liable for any delay that result from events outside of KaVo’s control.
Replacement parts may be new or factory refurbished and replacement parts will carry a limited ninety (90) day warranty to protect against any manufacture defect.
KaVo Care handpiece overhauls and turbine replacements are covered by a limited one (1) year warranty and such warranty does not cover any external damage, abuse, misuse, mishandling or unintended uses of the handpiece.
In the event that KaVo cannot repair Your handpiece and Your handpiece is under warranty, KaVo may replace Your handpiece with a new or factory refurbished comparable handpiece and KaVo may retain the original handpiece.
In the event that KaVo cannot repair Your handpiece and Your handpiece is not under warranty, KaVo will either return Your unrepaired handpiece, dispose of the handpiece or contact You to discuss the purchase of a replacement handpiece.
IN NO EVENT SHALL KAVO OR ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO YOUR KAVO CARE REPAIR. KAVO’S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR KAVO CARE REPAIR SHALL BE THE ACTUAL COST CHARGED TO YOU FOR YOUR KAVO CARE REPAIR. THE ABOVE STATES YOUR’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY EVEN IF SUCH REMEDY SHOULD FAIL OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Complete equipment portfolio
Skillfully designed dental instruments, best-in-class imaging solutions and state-of-the-art dental treatment units.
Visit KaVo
Premium dental consumables
Serving the needs of the entire dental care community in pursuit of enhancing oral health.
Visit Kerr