https://www.foulston.com/what-we-do/governmental-relations-public-policy-law
Who We Are
What We Do
Resources
About
Contact Us
Careers
Governmental Relations & Public Policy Law
Home >
What We Do > Practice Areas > Governmental Relations & Public Policy Law
Expand All | Collapse All
Overview
The influence of government and government-related activities on businesses and organization is growing. For businesses to be successful a number of public policy planning steps are required. Some of these include a thorough evaluation of business issues, an understanding of the impact of local, state and federal laws and regulations on these issues, carefully constructed strategies and tactics to achieve the business objectives, and effective, timely advocacy. Foulston Siefkin's Governmental Relations and Public Policy Law Team helps clients through this process to achieve their public policy goals.
Foulston Siefkin is the state's largest law firm, with offices in Topeka, Kansas City and Wichita. For this reason, Foulston Siefkin has unique resources in interpreting Kansas law and in understanding and navigating local governmental bodies, Kansas courts and the state's regulatory commissions. Foulston Siefkin's Public Policy Law and Governmental Relations team helps clients understand the ramifications of state laws and regulations on businesses. Our attorneys are able to give legal interpretation and analysis to identify legal hurdles and help develop comprehensive plans for direct advocacy with government decision makers. Given that Foulston Siefkin has offices in Wichita, Kansas City, and Topeka, and represents a wide variety of clients that regularly need guidance on their interactions with governmental actors, Foulston Siefkin is well-positioned to assist clients on a plethora of issues requiring engagement with governmental actors at the municipal, county, state, and national levels. For complex issues, the team is able to draw upon the experience of the firm's other practice area attorneys including business, energy, environmental, employment and labor, health care, intellectual property, real estate, and tax. If needed, our team can recommend outside professionals best suited to the issue and coordinate the assembled professional team on behalf of our clients to achieve the desired outcome.
An additional resource for our clients is Foulston Siefkin's membership in State Law Resources. State Law Resources, Inc. is an international network of independent law firms that helps businesses, trade associations and public policy coalitions navigate the complex and time-consuming process of managing both legal issues and state government relations. In the US, State Law Resources has one firm from each state and the District of Columbia. Every firm has a state capital presence. Firms are selected for their experience in government relations and administrative and regulatory law at the state and national level. Foulston Siefkin is the State Law Resources member firm for the state of Kansas. Foulston Siefkin along with other member firms of State Law Resources can help you coordinate regionally or nationally your legal and government relations strategy, reduce your administrative burden in finding and coordinating representation, and take action to handle your issue.
Areas of Representation
Interpretation of law and proposed legislation and presenting analysis to an agency (or a court)
Formation and coordination of professional teams including, media, lobbyists or other consultants
Development of strategies to achieve our clients' legislative, political & government affairs goals
Researching, drafting and monitoring state and federal legislative proposals
Legislative and oversight investigation
Mergers and acquisitions
Public policy planning and communication
Counseling on election law, ethics rules and political compliance counseling
Legislative witness hearing preparation
Assessment of how our clients need to interact with government leaders to advance corporate goals
Attorneys
Primary Contacts
James P. Rankin
Partner
T: 785.233.3600
jrankin@foulston.com
Get to know James P. Rankin
Additional Supporting Attorneys
C. Edward Watson II
Partner
T: 316.291.9589
cewatson@foulston.com
Related Links
State Law Resources
Legislative Directory-86th Legislature - 2015 Regular Session
Experience
Foulston Siefkin has the combined experience of approximately 50 years in all aspects of governmental relations including, legislative “heavy lifting” projects, monitoring, negotiations with administrative and law enforcement agencies, as well as, bill drafting and public policy research and writing.
Publications
ISSUE ALERTS
2008
IRS Again Warns Charities About Political Campaign Activity
2007
Kansas Legislative Insights
ARTICLES
2010
Kansas Lobbying Section
-LawForChange, Lex Mundi