https://www.st-marymagdalene.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
When you access our website we want to make sure that any information we collect from you does not infringe your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to give you information regarding the way we collect and use personal information and how we use cookies.
Please read the following carefully because by visiting www.st-marymagdalene.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is St Mary Magdalene Sunderland (referred to in this policy as “we”).
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us
You may give us information about yourself by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise and we will only use that information as we specifically state when you provide that information or as set out in this policy. Some examples of the information that we collect and how we use it are:
Newsletters: our newsletter keeps readers up-to-date with information on our books, authors, events, promotions etc. If you would like to subscribe to one of our newsletters, we will require you to send us your email address so that we can send the newsletter to you. We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as your name and location so that we can personalise your newsletters.
Email and other contact details: You may wish to contact us from time to time by sending us letters or emails or by filling in contact forms on our website. We will only use this information to respond to your query or suggestion. We do not pass on your information.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators from which you have visited our site, products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page
How we use this information:
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we provide to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; to allow you to participate in any features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
Cookies
We use cookies on this site to enable certain parts of the site to function and to collect non-personal information about your use of the site so that we can improve our visitors’ experience.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device by websites that you visit. They cannot harm your computer and do not contain any information that enable us to identify you personally, they just enable our websites to recognise your computer and to identify certain other non-personal information such as which browser you are using. This information can be used to make the website work, to identify which parts of the site can work better or to analyse how often people visit the site and what they look at. We will not associate this data with any personally identifying information that you may choose to provide to us in other ways.
By your using this website, we imply that you have read this policy and agree to us sending you cookies
Where we store your personal data
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Third Party Sites
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions and comments regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to –
info@st-marymagdalene.co.uk
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Read more at our privacy policy page.OkPrivacy policy