https://www.donatecarusa.com/privacy-policy/
Our thoughts and concerns are with all affected by the COVID-19 virus.During this time, we are working diligently to ensure the continuity of our business across our family of companies. We are taking all the necessary steps to ensure your entire vehicle donation process is handled in a simple and safe manner, from start to finish. Your safety is our top priority.
We are working closely with our tow truck partners around the country to pick up your vehicle and ensure safe conditions for everyone. Your donation requires no physical contact with anyone. Simply fill out the form or call us to donate your vehicle. You will receive the tax deduction paperwork via mail.
1-800-237-5714
Choose a Charity
FAQ
call to donate 1-800-269-6814
Return to Content
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
How it Works
It's free, easy and fast.
1
You choose a charity. Fill out an online form or call to donate.
2
We pick up your vehicle for free the next day.
3
We help the charity sell the vehicle. You may be eligible for a tax deduction.
The Vehicle Donation Program you are considering is administered by the Donation Division of Insurance Auto Auctions, Inc. (the “Company,” “we” or “us”). We realize that privacy is an important issue, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about how we collect, use and safeguard the information and data you may provide to us or we otherwise collect. This Privacy Policy is subject to modification and/or update as set forth below under the caption “Effectiveness and Policy Modification.”
APPLICABILITY OF THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to information and data you may provide to us or we otherwise collect from you via all websites administered by us for purposes of facilitating vehicle donations for the benefit of particular charities (each a “Charity”) (collectively, the “Sites”). By using any of the Sites, or voluntarily providing your information to us, you consent to the collection and use of all information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Sites as a means of donating vehicles for the benefit of any of the Charities. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use for the Sites.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted or collected through the Sites and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company through any other means, including offline. This policy also does not apply to information about you collected by third party services, applications, or websites or advertisements associated with, linked to or otherwise accessible from the Sites, including towing companies, sponsoring organizations (“Sponsors”) and the Charities themselves. The information collected or received by such third parties, is subject to their own privacy policies and under no circumstances is the Company responsible or liable for the third party’s compliance therewith.
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU?
We collect personally identifiable information we receive through your use of the Sites (i) when you indicate your intention to donate a vehicle, (ii) when you “opt in” for certain services or features of the Sites, (iii) when you click on certain types of Facebook, Twitter or other social media “plug-ins” on the Sites and (v) automatically as further described below.
We receive the automatic and passive data (both personally identifiable and otherwise) from the computer, mobile phone or other device you use to access the Sites and when you interact with the Sites. In this regard, the Sites use common automated information gathering tools such as logs files that record page activity, including a particular user’s visits to a page and how many “hits” a particular item is receiving, as well as other application activity. We may also collect information through “cookies.” Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by our Sites to your browser or device and then stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive or device. Any link to or “advertisement” of or to a Charity or Sponsor may also contain cookies sent by or on behalf of the Charity or Sponsor (known as “third party cookies”). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it warns you each time a cookie is being sent, blocks third party cookies or blocks or rejects all cookies. However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain portions of the Sites. Similarly, the Company may use small bits of code called “one-pixel gifs,” “clear gifs,” or “web beacons” embedded in the Sites to gather certain information.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT FROM YOU?
Via the Sites, the Company collects from you: (i) certain non-personal technical and other information and (ii) certain personally identifiable information.
Passive Visitors to the Sites –In general, if you visit the Sites without indicating a desire to donate a vehicle, you will be using the Sites anonymously; no personally identifiable information is collected. However, if you click on certain social “plug-ins” on the Sites (such as “Likc Us” for Facebook or “Follow” for Twitter), those actions may be associated with, and we may be able to obtain access to, your basic information on those social media sites (for example, as to Facebook, your name, email, gender, birthday, current city and profile picture), notwithstanding that you have not entered personally identifiable information through a particular Site. In addition, we will collect certain the non-personally identifiable information from all Site visitors, as noted in “All Users” paragraph below.
Visitors Indicating a Desire to Donate a Vehicle – When you indicate a desire to donate a vehicle, you will be required to provide us with some or all of the following donation-related information: full name, address, phone numbers, e-mail address and vehicle information.
Depending on how you use the Sites, we may also collect the following personally identifiable additional information and data:
information about your use of Site features, how frequently you use them and your responses to any links presented on the Sites; and
customer service information about you as a Site visitor.
All Users – Regardless of whether you indicate a desire to donate a vehicle, when you visit the Sites various types of information are collected automatically and passively through cookies, log files and other tools as noted above under the caption “How Do We Collect Information From You,” including your IP address (a number assigned to your computer when you use the Internet), the name of the web page from which you entered a Site, type of browser or operating system you are using, the name of your Internet service provider, broad demographic data, data relating to malfunctions or problems occurring when you use your computer with the Sites and your activity while using the Sites. If you have provided certain personally identifiable information through a Site (such as name, address of other personally identifiable information), a code in a cookie file can enable the Sites to label use as a particular user.
Discretionary Contact With Us: The Sites may provide information on how to contact us electronically through e-mail. Whenever you make such contact, you will be providing us with your name and other information, such as home address, email address, phone number and any information you choose to include in the text of your message. As noted previously, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us over the phone or by mail.
Tracking: We do not engage in the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services. Accordingly, we do not currently process or comply with any web browser’s “do not track” signal or other mechanisms that provide consumers with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about such activities. However, to the extent that a link to or “advertisement” of or to a Charity or Sponsor on a Site contains third party cookies, such cookies may enable a Charity or Sponsor to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
Our Use of Information. We collect, retain, and use the information we collect via the Sites for legitimate business purposes only. This not only allows us to provide the Sites as they exist today, but it also allows us to provide you with innovative features and services we develop in the future that use the information we receive about you in new ways. For example, we may use the information we receive about you:
to facilitate your donation of a vehicle;
to help keep the Sites safe and secure, and protect users’ rights or property;
to provide you with features and services, that will allow you to take better advantage of our services;
to monitor your use of the Sites, including to enforce our Terms of Service; and
to correspond with you regarding a particular Site or matters relating to your donation of a vehicle, or to inform you of developments that we believe may be of interest to you.
We use cookies and other automated and passive tools (such as log files) to gather broad demographic information for internal marketing and demographic studies; to track your use of a Site so as to improve visitor experience; to assess overall activity on the Sites, including tracking interest in particular features of the Sites; and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, diagnosing problems with servers, data analysis, testing, research and service improvement.
Our Sharing of Information. Your trust is important to us, which is why we don’t share information we receive about you with others unless we have:
received your permission; or
given you notice, such as by telling you about it in this Privacy Policy; or
removed your name or any other personally identifying information from it.
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Your name, address and other contact information, along with the amount of the value of the vehicle donated will be shared with the Charity you have chosen to receive the donation. Such Charity may contact you to acknowledge that specific donation and for future donations. In addition, such information may be shared with a Site Sponsor.
We may share information with contractors (such as tow companies) or our affiliated entities providing services on our behalf in connection with the donation and auction of vehicles and otherwise to help us operate the Sites. We require those providing services on our behalf, including our affiliates, to limit their use and disclosure of your information to uses and disclosures that are consistent with this Privacy Policy, however, we cannot guarantee their compliance.
The contents of your online communications, as well as other information about you which we may collect, may be accessed and disclosed (i) in response to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena), (ii) in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by you or another user or that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person or (iii) when necessary either to protect our rights or property.
MODIFICATIONS AND DELETIONS
We strive to maintain the accuracy of any personally identifiable information that may be collected from you, and will use our commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to update our database when you tell us the information in our database is not accurate. In light of the limited reasons for which we collect information, the Sites do not provide you with access to “registration” information or the ability to edit this information. You may obtain from us, by e-mail, the information about you in our records and/or files. Information will be updated as soon as reasonably practicable.
E-MAIL LISTS
When you indicate a desire to donate a vehicle, we may contact you from time to time via email with updates and other information regarding such donation or the possibility of future donations. All emails will contain links allowing you to opt-out of receiving such information.
CHILDREN
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R. §§ 312.1-312.12, the Company will not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not use any of the Sites or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, mobile device number, or email address. By using a Site, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES, ADVERTISERS AND APPLICATIONS
In the future, the Sites may reference or provide links to third party services, websites, applications or products. As noted under the caption “Applicability of the Policy,” this Privacy Policy does not apply to information about you collected by third party services, websites, applications or advertisements associated with, linked to or otherwise accessible from the Sites. The Company does not control and is not responsible for such third party services, applications, websites or advertisements, or for the privacy policies or information practices of such third parties or their services. You should review the privacy policies applicable to such third party services, applications, websites and advertisers.
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Because security is important to both the Company and you, we will always make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems, but cannot guarantee that your information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or the policies of the Sites and its providers). The Company employs physical, electronic and administrative safeguards to protect the information we receive from you from unauthorized disclosure. Data transmitted via the Site is stored on servers which are owned or controlled by us. If you suspect unauthorized access to your information, it is your responsibility to contact the Company immediately. Please be aware that data transmission is not always secure and we cannot warrant that information you transmit through the Sites is secure.
BUSINESS TRANSFER
The Company may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of its assets to a third party, including those related to the administration of the Sites. Your information, including personally identifiable information and technical and usage information we obtain from you directly or automatically via the Sites, may be disclosed to any potential or actual third party purchasers of such assets and/or may be among those assets transferred.
USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
At this time, we will only accept donations of cars registered and located in the United States or Canada. However, when a user who is located outside the United States makes certain information available to the Company, it is the user who is responsible for ensuring whether such actions and the sharing of information with the Company through the Sites conforms to all local data protection laws. The Company is not responsible under the local data protection laws for information obtained through the Sites.
EFFECTIVENESS AND POLICY MODIFICATIONS
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 16, 2014. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this policy, and any such modifications, alterations, or updates will be effective upon posting. In the event we modify this Privacy Policy, your continued use of the Sites will signify your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. In any event, please revisit this page often to remain fully informed of our policies.
QUESTIONS?
The Company will happily address any concerns about our Privacy Policy or inaccuracies regarding your information supplied to us. Contact us at LegalNotices@iaai.com.
Ready to Donate your Car?
find a charity
We Accept Car Donations in All 50 States:
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
DonateCarUSA.com is powered by the IAA Donation Division, the largest vehicle donation processing company in North America.
Providing the most comprehensive vehicle donation processing service to non profit and charitable organizations since 1994, we have provided millions in funding back to charities to further their missions.
Learn More About Us