https://www.bashar.org/terms-use-privacy-policy/
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Effective and last revised on May 17, 2019.
Welcome to the Bashar.org, Basharstore.com, BasharTV and the upcoming Bashar forum & subscription service websites, (collectively, the “Websites”), which are owned and operated by Bashar Communications, Inc., a California corporation, and its affiliates (collectively, “Bashar Communications”).
The Websites may include some or all of the following: (a) a platform for the purchase and use of digital content, which allows end-users to purchase a subscription and/or stream pre-recorded audio and video content over the Internet for personal use, (b) an e-commerce site, which allows users to purchase products from the Bashar Communications online store, and (c) one or more websites where other online content (including content provided by Bashar Communications, Website users and third parties), resources, tools, products, services, communications and social networking features may be accessed and used. All of the foregoing are collectively referred to as “Services”.
PLEASE READ VERY CAREFULLY ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF THE WEBSITES. BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE WEBSITES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY.
1. Parties. The following Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as well as any other guidelines, rules or operating policies that Bashar Communications may establish and post at the Websites from time to time, all of which are hereby incorporated by reference. All of the foregoing, which are collectively referred to as the “Agreement,” set forth the terms and conditions of a legally binding contract between each visitor to and/or user of the Websites (together with any business, entity or organization each such visitor and/or user may be representing) (referred to as “you” or “your”) and Bashar Communications, Inc. (“Bashar Communications,” “we,” “our” and “us”).
2. Acceptance of Terms and Agreement to Be Bound. The Services are offered to you on the condition that you accept and agree to be bound by this Agreement in its entirety without modification of any kind. By accessing and/or using any of our Websites, you agree to be bound by this Agreement, whether you are a “Visitor” (which means that you simply browse one or more of our Websites) or you are a “Registered User” (which means that you have registered to use the Websites and have subscribed to use one or more of the Services). If you do not accept the terms of this Agreement, you are not permitted to use the Websites and/or subscribe to the Services, and you are obliged to exit all of the Websites and discontinue any and all use of the Websites and the Services immediately.
3. Modifications. We may modify this Agreement from time to time, and, to the greatest extent permitted by law, such modifications shall be effective upon posting at any of our Websites. By accessing and/or using any of our Websites after any such modification is posted, you are agreeing to be bound by such modifications. You also acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to monitor the Websites for the posting of modifications and to review such modifications on a regular basis. If you do not agree to be bound by any future modifications of this Agreement, your exclusive remedy is to cancel your account and discontinue your use of the Websites and the Services. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any new features, tools, products and/or services that change, augment, enhance or upgrade the current Websites and/or the Services will be subject to this Agreement.
4. General Registration Requirements. Visitors are currently permitted to view only limited portions of the Websites prior to deciding whether to become a Registered User. Full access to the Websites and the Services is available only to Registered Users and, if a subscription is required, then only to Registered Users who are also paid subscribers. If you wish to become a Registered User, you must register on our Websites, you must complete the registration procedures displayed on the registration page(s) of the Websites and, where applicable, pay the required subscription fee. Some aspects of the Websites and the Services are available to all Registered Users, and some are available only to Registered Users who have paid the required subscription fee and/or other charges, all of which are posted at the Websites.
5. Age Requirements for Access and Use of the Websites. By accessing and using the Websites, you acknowledge and agree that you are representing to us that you are over the age of 18 and you are of legal age to form a legally binding contract, and you are not a person barred from purchasing or receiving products and services, under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. Registration, subscription, access to and use of the Websites and the Services are not available to users under the age of 18 and are void where prohibited by applicable law.
6. Requirements for Becoming a Registered User. By completing the registration procedures displayed on the registration page(s) of the Websites, you acknowledge and agree that (a) you are representing to us that you are providing true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form available on our Websites (the “Registration Data”), and (b) you are obliged to maintain and promptly update your Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future access to and/or use of the Websites and the Services (or any portion thereof).
7. Children. Due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot prohibit minors from visiting our Websites. However, our Websites are not directed toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 through the Websites. If you believe that a child has provided information to us through the Websites, please contact us by email at legal@bashar.org or by writing us at Bashar Communications, Inc. 22647 Ventura Bl. #277 Woodland Hills, CA 91364, Attn.: Legal Department. We will use our best efforts to remove all of the information provided by the child from our system.
8. Member Account, Password and Security. As a Registered User, you are required to choose a password, provide your date of birth, and provide your email address, and you may be asked for additional information regarding your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of the password and all other account information, and you are fully responsible and liable for all access to and use of the Websites and the Services that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify us by e-mail to legal@bashar.org of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you log out from your account at the end of each session. Bashar Communications will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.
9. Preservation and Disclosure of Account Information and User Content. You acknowledge and agree that Bashar Communications may access, preserve and disclose your account information and User Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce this Agreement; (c) respond to claims that any Site Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Bashar Communications, the other users of the Websites and Services, and the public. However, under no other circumstances will Bashar Communications intentionally disclose your account information to any third party except as otherwise provided in our Privacy Policy, which is set forth below.
10. Security Components. You acknowledge and agree that the Websites and the Services, and the software embodied within the Websites and the Services, may include security components that permit digital materials to be accessed, used, and protected, and that use of these security components is subject to usage rules set by Bashar Communications and/or content providers who provide content to Bashar Communications. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any such security components and usage rules embedded in the Websites and the Services.
11. Subscription Fees and Payment. Access to and use of the Services are subject to a various fees (“Fee”), depending on the Service being accessed. The Fee is payable in U.S. dollars or other currency as applicable. You will be required to provide your credit card number and other information at the time of your initial registration. Your credit card will automatically be charged at the time of your purchase and/or subscription or the end of your free trial, and regularly thereafter based on the terms of your subscription, and you hereby authorize Bashar Communications to charge your credit card for the then-applicable fee. The Fee is non-refundable except as provided in Section 26 below (“Term and Termination”). Bashar Communications reserves the right to change or modify the Fee or payment schedule (including, without limitation, increasing prices and charging a fee for upgrades) at any time. Plans priced in currencies other than U.S. dollars are subject to adjustment due to fluctuations in exchange rates. Bashar Communications will use its reasonable best efforts to provide you with reasonable notice prior to making any fee changes or modifications, with the exception of exchange rate changes.
If Bashar Communications is for any reason unable to effect automatic payment via your credit card, Bashar Communications will attempt to notify you via email and your account will be disabled until payment is received. You are responsible for notifying Bashar Communications of any changes to your credit card information and to update your information if your credit card has expired. Bashar Communications may suspend, terminate and/or otherwise interrupt your access to the Services if you fail to so notify Bashar Communications.
All Fees are exclusive of all excise, sales, use, transfer and other taxes and duties imposed with respect to the Services by any federal, state, municipal or other governmental authority, all of which taxes you are required to pay except for taxes based on Bashar Communications’ net income. You are responsible for obtaining and providing to Bashar Communications any certificate of exemption or similar document required to exempt any transaction from sales, use or similar tax liability.
You agree to pay your account balance on time. You are responsible and liable for any costs and expenses, including attorney and collection fees, that Bashar Communications may incur in its efforts to collect any remaining balances due from you. This paragraph will in no way limit any other remedies available to Bashar Communications. You are required to notify us of any billing problems or discrepancies within sixty (60) days after they first appear on your credit card account statement by sending a written notice to orders@bashar.org. If you do not so notify us within the time allowed, you waive any right to dispute such problems or discrepancies.
12a. Content. The content available at the Websites and the Services generally consists of (a) content owned by Bashar Communications, including but not limited to the trademarks, trade dress and “look and feel” of the Websites and content created and/or acquired and owned by Bashar Communications (“Bashar Content”), (b) content owned by third parties and licensed to Bashar Communications for specified uses on the Websites and the Services (“Third-Party Content”), and (c) content that may be posted and/or otherwise uploaded to the Websites and/or the Services by you (“User Content”). As between you and other Registered Users, however, the content posted by other Registered Users is considered to be “Third-Party Content.” All of the foregoing are collectively referred to as “Site Content.”
12b. Geographic Limitations. Due to certain licensing restrictions placed on our titles, some content may not be available in your geographic location, and therefore, cannot be viewed. If at any time you feel this inhibits your experience upon purchasing a Bashar Communications subscription, please contact our customer service department and we will work with you in order to remedy the situation. You can reach customer service by email at orders@bashar.org.
13. Ownership of Content. Bashar Communications does not claim ownership rights in any User Content that you post on the Websites or otherwise make available through the Services. Subject to the non-exclusive license contained in Section 14 below (“License to Your Content”), as between Bashar Communications and you, you will retain all intellectual property rights that you may have in any User Content that originates with you.
14. License to Your Content. In order to be able to offer you the use of our Websites and the Services pursuant to this Agreement, you are required to grant a license to Bashar Communications to use and distribute your User Content. This enables us to permit other Visitors and Registered Users to view and share your User Content, and to display your User Content in other places within the Websites. Accordingly, by posting, displaying, publishing, transmitting, or otherwise making available (individually and collectively, “posting”) any User Content on or through our Websites or the Services, you hereby grant to Bashar Communications a non-exclusive (meaning you can license the User Content to other parties as well), fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license (including the right to sublicense) to use, copy, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display, store, reproduce, transmit, distribute, and otherwise make available such User Content on and through the Websites and/or the Services, in print, or in any other format or media now known or hereafter invented, without any obligation of notification, compensation, attribution or consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not use your User Content to create commercial products such as books. For purposes of this section, “commercial products” does not include use on the Websites and the Services and/or the advertising, publicity, promotional and marketing materials for the Websites and the Services in any and all formats and media now known or hereafter invented. If you wish to remove any User Content from the Websites and/or the Services, the decision will be made by Bashar Communications alone in its sole and absolute discretion, and our decision may depend on the type of User Content, the location and manner of posting, and other factors. You may contact us at legal@bashar.org to request the removal of certain User Content you have posted, but Bashar Communications (i)has no obligation to remove any such User Content, (ii)may choose whether or not to do so in its sole discretion, and (iii)makes no guarantee as to the complete deletion of any such User Content and copies thereof. In any case, a back-up or residual copy of any User Content posted by you may remain on Bashar Communications’ servers after the User Content appears to have been removed from the Websites and/or the Services, and Bashar Communications retains all rights granted in this section to all such remaining copies. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own all right, title and interest in all User Content posted by you on or through our Websites or the Services, or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this section, and (ii) the posting of your User Content on or through the Websites and/or the Services does not require the knowledge or consent of any third party and does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, contract rights, confidentiality, or any other rights of any third party.
15. Prohibited Conduct. The Websites and the Services may include features that permit you to post User Content, which includes and applies to (but is not limited to) content of your own, comments on the User Content posted by other Registered Users, and communications with other Registered Users. Such User Content includes but is not limited to information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials. You acknowledge and agree that you shall not use the Websites and/or the Service to post or other transmit User Content that:
is patently offensive and/or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter;
solicits personal information from anyone under the age of eighteen (18);
provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names or email addresses of anyone other than your own;
promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
violates any intellectual property or other proprietary right of any third party, including User Content that promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person’s copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
involves the transmission of “junk mail,” “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, “spimming,” or “spamming”;
contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone’s privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Members;
involves commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent, such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
includes a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person’s consent or, in the case of children under the age of eighteen (18), parental consent, or otherwise constitutes an invasion of an individual’s privacy or infringement of publicity rights; or
contains a virus or other harmful component.
16. Responsibility for User Content. You, and not Bashar Communications, are entirely responsible for all User Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Websites and/or the Services. Bashar Communications does not control the User Content posted via the Websites and/or the Services and, as such, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such User Content. You acknowledge and agree that, by using the Websites and the Services, you may be exposed to User Content that you deem offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Bashar Communications be liable in any way for any User Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any user Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Websites and/or the Services.
17. Rejection and/or Removal of User Content. You acknowledge and agree that Bashar Communications may or may not pre-screen User Content posted on our Websites, but that Bashar Communications shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to pre-screen, edit, refuse, and/or remove any User Content or portion thereof that is available via the Websites and/or the Services, in its sole and absolute discretion, for any reason, including but not limited to its determination that any such User Content is not appropriate for the Websites and/or the Services, or for no reason. Without limiting the foregoing, and by way of example only, Bashar Communications shall have the absolute right to remove from the Websites and/or the Services any User Content that violates this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable in the sole discretion of Bashar Communications, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Websites and/or the Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability. If you become aware of misuse of the Websites and/or the Services by any person, please contact Bashar Communications by email at legal@bashar.org.
18. Limited License. Bashar Communications hereby grants to Registered Users a limited, personal, revocable, non-sublicensable license to display a single copy of the Bashar Content and the Third-Party Content located on or available through our Websites or Service (excluding any software code therein) solely for your single, personal, non-transferable and non-commercial use in connection with viewing our Websites and using the Services during the term of your registration. All such use is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and may be terminated by Bashar Communications as set forth in this Agreement. Except for User Content posted by you, you may not copy, store, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, make available, or sell any Site Content for any purpose whatsoever.
19. Examples of Limitations on Use. Any non-commercial reuse of any portion of the Site Content by a Registered User that falls within what is allowed as “Fair Use” under the United States copyright and trademark law is permitted. In addition to the limitations set forth in Section 18 above (“Limited License”), and by way of example only, no commercial storage, use, reproduction or transmission of any Site Content is permitted under any circumstances. The Websites and the Services may not be used in connection for any commercial purposes except as specifically approved in writing and in advance by an authorized representative of Bashar Communications. Unauthorized framing of or linking to any of our Websites is prohibited. Commercial advertisements and other commercial content, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed by Bashar Communications from the Websites and the Services without notice and may result in termination of registration and subscription and denial of access to and use of the Websites and the Services.
20. Health and Medical Concerns. Some of the Site Content includes information and instruction relating to diet and exercise. You acknowledge and agree that the following warnings and disclaimers shall apply to all such information, instruction, products and services.
Before participating in any diet or exercise program or using any health-related services that may be described and/or made accessible in or through the Website and/or the Services, we strongly recommend that you consult with a physician or other healthcare provider. Bashar Communications, its staff and the content-providers are not licensed medical care providers, are not rendering personal medical advice or treatment, and have no expertise in advising on, diagnosing, examining, or treating medical conditions of any kind, or in determining the effect of any specific exercise on a medical condition.
The Websites and the Services are not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. You acknowledge and agree that when participating in any diet or program, there is the possibility of physical injury and/or death, and you assume the risk and responsibility for any such results.
You should never disregard medical advice or delay seeking it because of a statement you have read on the Websites and/or the Services. The Websites and the Services should not be used in lieu of advice given by qualified medical professionals such as your doctor or registered dietitian. It is important that the Websites and the Services are used only in conjunction with qualified medical guidance. If you know or suspect that you may be pregnant, have an eating disorder, have diabetes, or have any other physical or medical condition, it is imperative that you seek the advice of your doctor prior to using the Websites and/or the Services.
21. Reservation of Rights. Bashar Content and Third-Party Content are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws. Bashar Communications and its third-party licensors owns and retains their respective rights, title and interest in and to their respective content subject only to the limited licensed granted to Registered Users as set forth above.
22. Other Sites. The Websites may contain third-party advertising and/or links to other sites owned by third parties (i.e. advertisers, affiliate partners, strategic partners, or others). However, the inclusion of a link in any of our Websites does not imply Bashar Communications’ investigation, evaluation and/or endorsement of such third-party website. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the products or offerings of, any of these businesses, entities or individuals, or the accuracy of the content of their advertising or websites. Bashar Communications does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and/or content of any such websites. Before you purchase goods or services from a third party and/or use any third-party website, you should review the applicable terms of use and privacy policies for such websites. If you decide to access any such linked websites, you do so at your own risk.
23. International Use. Due to the global nature of the Internet, you acknowledge and agree that you are obliged to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding the access to and use of the Websites and the Services. By way of example only, you acknowledge and agree that you are obliged to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside, and that restrictions on access to and/or use of some Site Content may apply to users based on their place of domicile, residence and/or use.
24. Take-Down Notices Under the DMCA. Bashar Communications will receive and evaluate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) (“DMCA”). Written notices of claimed copyright infringement must be in strict compliance with all terms and conditions of the DMCA and must be submitted according to the procedures set forth in the DMCA to the following Designated Agent for Bashar Communications:
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement on Behalf of Bashar Communications, Inc: Legal Department
Full Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification to Bashar Communications Should Be Sent:
Legal Department
Bashar Communications, Inc.
22647 Ventura Bl. #277
Woodland Hills, CA 91364
Telephone Number of Designated Agent: 888-958-4908
Email of Designated Agent: Legal@bashar.org
25. Registered User Disputes. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Registered Users. Bashar Communications reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Registered Users.
26. Term and Termination.
This Agreement, as it may be modified from time to time, shall remain in full force and effect for so long as it is posted on any of the Websites or until terminated by Bashar Communications or by you.
You may terminate your status as a Registered User and cancel your account at any time and for any reason, by notifying us by email at order@bashar.org, but any such termination and cancellation will be effective only after Bashar Communications has processed the request. If you cancel your account prior to the expiration of your pre-paid subscription period, you will forfeit the Fees paid for any unused portion of your subscription, which are non-refundable. However, you will be able to continue viewing premium content until the expiration of your current pre-paid subscription period. You also acknowledge and agree that the cancellation of your account is your sole right and remedy with respect to any dispute with Bashar Communications.
Bashar Communications reserves the right to suspend or terminate your status as a Registered User, cancel your account, and disable your access to the Websites and Services at any time, with or without notice to you, with or without cause, and without liability to you. Bashar Communications shall have no liability to you or any third party because of such suspension or termination or related action for any reason except as follows: (a) If Bashar Communications elects do so with cause, then no refund of any unused portion of a pre-paid subscription is owing, and (b) if Bashar Communications elects to do so without cause, then Bashar Communications will refund any unused portion of a pre-paid subscription.
The following sections shall survive any termination of this Agreement, your account, and/or your use of the Service: Section 9 (“Preservation and Disclosure of Account Information and User Content”), Section 12 (“Content”), Section 13 (“Ownership of Content”), Section 14 (“License to Your Content”), Section 16 (“Responsibility for Your User Content”), Section 17 (“Rejection and/or Removal of User Content”), Section 20 (“Health and Medical Concerns”), Section 21 (“Reservation of Rights”), Section 22 (“Other Sites”), Section 23 (“International Use”), Section 25 (“Registered User Disputes”), Section 27 (“Disclaimer of Warranties”), Section 28 (“Waiver of Claims”), Section 29 (“Limitation of Liability”), Section 30 (“Severability”), Section 31 (“Indemnity”), and Sections 34 through 40.
Upon suspension or termination, Bashar Communications shall have no obligation to save any User Content that you may have posted or otherwise provided, and we reserve the right to permanently delete and destroy any of your personal information and/or User Content.
27. Disclaimer of Warranties. You acknowledge and agree that the Websites and the Services are offered without warranties of any kind whatsoever by Bashar Communications and/or the providers of Site Content. The disclaimer of warranties includes, but is not limited to, the following.
(a) Your use of the Websites and the Services is at your sole risk. The Websites and the Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Bashar Communications and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns, and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, licensors, vendors and contractors (collectively, the “Bashar Communications-Related Parties”) expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, with respect to the service, the websites, and any third party websites with which they are linked.
(b) The Bashar Communications-Related Parties are not responsible or liable for any loss, damage, injury or health problems that may result from your use of the Site Content and/or other aspects of the Websites and/or the Services, including but not limited to training programs, recipes, products, services, events and/or information that you may learn about on the Websites and/or the Services, and/or any action or inaction on your part as a result of information you have obtained from the Websites and/or the Services. By way of example only, if you engage in any exercise or diet program that you receive or learn about through the Websites and/or the Services, and/or if you use any product or service that you receive or learn about through the Websites and/or the Services, you agree that you do so voluntarily, after consulting an appropriate health professional of your choice, and at your own risk, and you agree to release and discharge the Bashar Communications-Related Parties and Bashar Communications from any and all claims or causes of action, known or unknown, arising out of the foregoing.
(c) The Bashar Communications-Related Parties make no warranty that the Websites or the Services, the Site Content, and/or the information, products and services available through the Websites or the Service will meet your expectations or requirements, or that you will achieve any particular results from the use of any of the foregoing, or that the Websites or the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, error-free, or free of any harmless components (including viruses, malware, spyware, or comparable components).
(d) You expressly assume the risk, by way of example, of deletion, non-delivery or failure to store postings of User Content, communications, personalized settings, or data, and you acknowledge that the Bashar Communications-Related Parties make no warranties regarding the foregoing.
(e) Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Websites or the Services is accessed at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any loss or damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
28. Waiver of Claims. You hereby waive, release and discharge the Bashar Communications-Related Parties from and against any claims that you may be entitled to make by reason of any use of your User Content authorized under this Agreement and/or by reason of your participation in any of the communications and social networking features of the Services, including but not limited to, and by way of example only, any claims based on copyright infringement, trademark infringement, rights of privacy or publicity, defamation and otherwise.
29. Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, the Bashar Communications-Related Parties will in no event be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profit damages arising from or in connection with any use of the Websites and/or the Services, and/or any website with which they are linked, and/or any content, information, products or services accessible through the Websites and/or the Services, even if any of the Bashar Communications-Related Parties have been advised of the possibility of such losses or damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the aggregate liability of the Bashar Communications-Related Parties to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to Bashar Communications for the Services.
30. Severability. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, in certain jurisdictions, some of the above limitations of liability may not apply to you. In any such case, and/or if any terms or conditions of this Agreement are held to be invalid for any reason whatsoever, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect on its remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement unless and until terminated by Bashar Communications. Furthermore, if any term or condition of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the intentions of the parties as reflected in the invalidated provision.
31. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Bashar Communications-Related Parties from any and all third-party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your breach of the terms of this Agreement, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Bashar Communications will use its reasonable best efforts to notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
32. Additional Terms. We may also require you to follow additional rules, guidelines or other conditions (“Additional Terms”) in order to participate in certain promotions or activities available through our Websites, to obtain certain premium Site Content through our Websites, and/or for other reasons. In addition, certain Additional Terms will govern your subscription to the Services and any purchases you make through the online store. These Additional Terms will be posted on the relevant portions of our Websites or on the portions of our Websites that describe the specific promotions, Content, or activities. These Additional Terms are incorporated by reference in this Agreement, and you agree to comply with them when you participate in those promotions, purchase items from our online stores, or otherwise engage in activities governed by such Additional Terms.
33. Modification and Discontinuation. We reserve the right at any time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the Websites and/or the Services, or any portion thereof, with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance of the Websites and/or the Services.
34. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any other terms and conditions referenced herein (including without limitation the Privacy Policy and Additional Terms), constitutes the entire agreement between you and Bashar Communications and governs your use of the Websites and Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Bashar Communications with respect to the Websites and/or the Services.
35. Choice of Law and Forum. This Agreement and the relationship between you and Bashar Communications shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Bashar Communications agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Los Angeles, California.
36. No Waiver. The failure of Bashar Communications to exercise or enforce any right and/or remedy under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right and/or remedy.
37. Statute of Limitations. You acknowledge and agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Websites, the Services or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
38. Relationship of the Parties. You and Bashar Communications acknowledge and agree that they are independently contracting parties dealing at arm’s length with each other in connection with the licensing of intellectual property rights and the provision of services. No partnership, joint venture, joint authorship, employment, fiduciary, agency or other relationship is created between them.
39. Binding on Successors. This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, licensees, successors and/or assigns of the parties, as applicable. For avoidance of doubt, you acknowledge and agree that Bashar Communications is fully authorized to assign, sublicense and/or otherwise convey and transfer this Agreement and/or any of its rights under this Agreement at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, and without compensation of any kind to you.
40. Notices and Questions. If you have any questions regarding this Agreement, please contact us by email at legal@bashar.org, or by mail at Bashar Communications, Inc. 22647 Ventura Bl. #277 Woodland Hills, CA 91364. Except as otherwise specified elsewhere in this Agreement, notices to Bashar Communications may be given at the foregoing email and postal addresses, and notices to you may be given at the address provided to us at the time of registration and/or the purchase of goods and services from Bashar Communications.
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This is our privacy policy and, if you landed here, it means that you want to learn how we process your personal data at Bashar Communications, Inc.
Our contact information is: 22647 Ventura Blvd. #277 Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (888) 958-4908. Our website addresses are: https://www.bashar.org and http://www.basharstore.com.  Our email address is comments@bashar.org.
Data Collected & Purpose
In operating our store, it is essential for us to capture some information about your device, such as your IP address and information related to your visit when you browse our store. For example, this might include time-stamp, the last page or product you visited, the indication that you logged in. We do that in order to:
Remember who you are after you log in so that you do not need to authenticate at each click.
Monitor if our website is running with the high performance we are dedicated to providing.
Let you browse between products without having to start back from the home page at each click.
Remember if you put something in your shopping cart before you decide to checkout; and
Control that your data is processed securely.
We call the information mentioned above “essential information” and we collect it through the use of cookies.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that most websites uses. A website places cookies in the web browser and then reads the information collected through the cookies every time the user performs an action. We use cookies. Without enabling this mechanism and this kind of cookies (first-party cookies), we could not provide you with the smooth experience that you expect while you are navigating.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish a comment on our site, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the comment ID. It expires after 1 day.
User-Provided Information
If you buy something from our store, we will need more specific information about you. To fully process your order and ship the merchandise you selected, we need your personal data such as your first and last name, your email address and your shipping and billing address. We also use your contact and order information to send you communication related to the processing of your order. We will ask you to provide this information in our “checkout page” before letting you finalize your purchase with the payment.
Accounts
You can sign up for an account if you’d like. This will make us happy because it confirms your interest in our store. It should also make you happy because we will remember your information and, when you decide to buy our products, you do not have to provide all of your information over again, you just have to log-in. Before registering your account, we will ask you to expressly provide your consent to this privacy policy. Only if you give us your consent, we will open your account. We also give you the possibility to easily withdraw your consent and delete your account. Just connect with us at the contact details at the top of the page.
Partial Purchases
If you have started to place an order with our store, but did not completed the purchase, you may have provided partial information, such as your email. In that case, we will send you an email to remind you about your interest. These emails are automatically generated by the shopping cart and if you choose not to return and complete your purchase, your information will be automatically deleted after 7 days.
Personalization
We also use some specific information related to your visit, such as the timestamp of your visit, the page or the product you viewed, where you are coming from (if you came to our store because you clicked on an advertisement or you just opened our direct link). This is very similar to the “essential information,” but we use it to provide you with a personalized experience. The information on your visit provides us with insights on your interests and allows us to send you relevant communications. We capture this information through cookies, called a “beacon,” that we allow you to block.
Comments and/or Reviews
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture, is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact Forms
If you submit information to us by a contact form, submissions will be retained for customer service purposes. We do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes. To have your form submissions deleted, please email us at comments@bashar.org.
Embedded Third-Party Content
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Partner accounts may include the following:
Vimeo / VHX
https://vimeo.com/privacy
BigCommerce
We use an external provider to run our store, BigCommerce is based in the US and is a participant in the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and committed to providing best-in-class service and data protection. You can check its participation in the Privacy Shield here on the official site of The International Trade Administration (ITA), U.S. Department of Commerce.  11305 Four Points Drive Building II, Third Floor Austin, TX 78726.
Through BigCommerce, we also use other, highly specialized external providers to provide the most competitive services. Third party vendors may include:
Fetch App
https://www.fetchapp.com/pages/privacy
Payment
Our store is PCI-DSS compliant (a very strict industry standard with requirements for the security of credit card information), but we want to use accredited companies to process your credit card information:
QuickBooks Payment https://quickbooks.intuit.com/global/privacy/
PayPal https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Other Third-Party Partners Include:
Vimeo – https://vimeo.com/privacy
E-junkie – https://www.e-junkie.com/wiki/privacy
Mail Chimp – https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Yapsody – https://www.yapsody.com/ticketing/privacy-policy/
USPS – https://about.usps.com/who-we-are/privacy-policy/welcome.htm
Facebook – https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy
Twitter – https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Instagram – https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Analytics
Data Sharing
Your data may be collected and/or processed at our servers at GoDaddy AWS / Amazon Web Servers and Our Payment Processors and any of the third party sites listed above in the Embedded Content From Other Website section.
Data Retention
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Your Rights
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.  Please contact us at comments@bashar.org to request your data be deleted.
Data Processing
Your data may be sent to our servers and payment processors listed above and any of the third-party sites listed above in the “Embedded Content from Other Website” section. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
Data Protection
Our websites use SSL encryption.  SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) is the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private and integral.
Data Breach Protection
We also use SiteLock as a third-party security auditor.  https://www.sitelock.com/privacy-policy#cookiePolicy
Third-Party Data Exchange
We do not currently have any third-party advertising on our websites.
Have any questions?  Please feel free to contact us at comments@bashar.org.