https://www.socialistparty.org.uk/privacy.htm
Socialist Party Privacy statement
Home
Contact
or join
Socialist
Party campaigns
Young
socialists - ISR
Socialist
news and views
Socialist Party
manifesto
The
Socialist newspaper
Socialism
Today magazine
Socialist
Books etc
Socialist
Party links
Frequently
asked questions
Privacy statement
The Socialist Party website is committed to
protecting your privacy. You can travel through
our site
without giving us any information about yourself. However if you
request a service, such as to join our party, or ask for more
information, we do need information to provide you with what you
request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and
use in those situations.
Collecting your Personal Information If
you want to join or find out more about our party, we ask you to
fill in a form. The only required fields are name, address, and
email. You get a confirmation email and you can re-submit
corrections if you wish.
If you want to subscribe to The Socialist
newspaper, we need your name and address, so that we can post your
subscription to you. If you pay online, the payment is facilitated
by Worldpay, on their secure
site, not on our site, and we have no access to your payment
details.
Like most other websites, our hosting
service provides us with logs to tell us which of our pages are
most frequently visited and by how many users, etc. This is aggregate data
and does not identify any individual. These web logs provide statistical information about
the usefulness of various pages and designs.
We do not share any information you submit
with any third parties. We will not sell, trade or rent your personal
information to others.  You
can contact us during office hours on 020 8988 8777 to correct any
information you have submitted, or write to us at the address below.
We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized
access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Any changes to our policy will be posted here.
Updated 1 November 2019
Write to us at
Socialist Party, PO Box 1398, Enfield EN1 9GT
Call our national office on 020 8988 8777