https://www.viu.ca/terms
Skip to main content
VIU
Future Students
International Students
Current Students
Employees
Alumni & Donors
Contact
Terms
Legal Information and Terms of Use
The Vancouver Island University (VIU) web site consists of the material provided under the viu.ca domain (e.g., www.viu.ca) and subdomains (e.g., cc.viu.ca) (hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Site").
All material provided on the Site is intended for informational purposes only and should not be used to replace either official documents (except where the material on the Site is explicitly identified as comprising the official version of a document), nor the advice of a qualified professional.
Your access to and use of the Site shall be governed by the following Terms of Use. VIU reserves the right amend these Terms of Use at any time without notice.
Terms of Use
(a) Reserved Rights and Grant of Limited License
Copyright © Vancouver Island University. All rights reserved.
VIU owns the intellectual property rights, including copyright, in and to this Site, or has acquired the necessary licenses to display the material on the Site.
As a user of this Site, you are granted a limited license to use (display or print) short extracts of the information for your own personal, non-commercial use only, provided the information is not modified. Any other use of the information is prohibited. None of the information may be otherwise reproduced, republished or re-disseminated in any manner or form without the prior written consent of VIU. To obtain such consent, please contact the faculty, department, or administrative unit responsible for the information in which you are interested.
(b) No Advice or Warranties
You shall be fully responsible for any consequences resulting from your use of the Site. The information on the Site is provided for educational or information purposes only. It is not intended to be a substitute for professional advice, whether medical, legal, or otherwise.
VIU does not guarantee the quality, accuracy, completeness or timelines of the information on the Site. While efforts are made to verify the information provided, the Site may contain typographical or other errors and should not be assumed to be error free. Furthermore, some information on the Site has been provided by third parties and has not necessarily been verified by VIU.
VIU shall not be responsible for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damage or any other damages whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Site or in reliance on the information available on the Site, including the loss of use, lost data, lost business profits, business interruption, personal injury, or any other personal or pecuniary loss, whether the action is in contract, tort (including negligence) or other tortious action.
(c) No Endorsement
The Site may contain links to other sites. These links are provided as references to help you identify and locate other Internet resources that may be of interest. Parties other than VIU independently develop and maintain these other sites. Therefore, VIU does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or appropriateness of the information contained at such sites. In providing links to other sites, VIU is not acting as a publisher or disseminator of the material contained on these other sites and does not seek to control the content of, or maintain any type of editorial control over, such sites.
A link to another site should not be construed to mean that VIU is associated with or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the link or the description of the link to such other sites. In addition, the mention of another party or its product or services on the Site should not be construed as an endorsement of that party or its product or service.
(d) Trade Marks
Certain words, phrases, names, designs or logos used on the Site may constitute trademarks, service marks or trade names of VIU or other entities. The display of any such marks or names on the Site does not imply that VIU or other entities have granted a license or authorization of any kind to use such marks or names.
(e) Submissions
All information submitted to VIU via the Site shall be deemed and remain the property of VIU, and VIU shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how or other techniques contained in information provided to VIU through the Site or sent through e-mail, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by VIU. Furthermore, VIU shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any such information submitted to it unless otherwise agreed to in writing by VIU.
The Internet is not a secure medium and privacy cannot be ensured. Internet e-mail is vulnerable to interception and forgery. VIU will not be responsible for any damages you or any third party may suffer as a result of the transmission of confidential information that you make to VIU through the Internet, or that you expressly or implicitly authorize VIU to make, or for any errors or any changes made to any transmitted information.
(f) Access and Interference
In using the Site, you agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to impose an "unreasonable or disproportionately large load" on VIU’s infrastructure. An "unreasonable or disproportionately large load" is one that prevents other members of the university community from gaining fair and equitable access to web-based systems and resources.
(g) Computer Viruses
While every effort is made to ensure that all information provided on the Site does not contain computer viruses, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and should ensure that you have a complete and current backup of the applicable items or information contained on your computer system. You should pay specific attention to some of the newer viruses that have been written to automatically execute when an infected word processing document is loaded into certain word processing programs.
(h) Choice of Law
The laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein shall govern as to the interpretation, validity and effect of this document, notwithstanding any conflict of law provisions of your domicile, residence or physical location. You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British Columbia in any action or proceeding instituted under or related to your use of the Site.
(i) Web Analytics and Remarketing
This Site uses web analytics tools to help analyze how the Site is used and to improve visitors’ online experience. These tools work by tagging web pages to capture a limited amount of data (including the internet protocol (‘IP”) address of the computer, device or network being used to access the pages). This data is used for aggregate reporting purposes. None of this data can be used by VIU or the service provider to identify you.
This Site also uses remarketing tools, which enable VIU or other entities to serve you with relevant advertisements outside of the VIU domain.
Web analytics and remarketing tools work by using cookies (small files stored on your computer’s web browser). You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser (please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website). Some service providers also allow you to opt out of their use of cookies for advertising purposes, e.g. Google Ad’s settings.
(j) Security
For site security purposes, VIU employs software programs to monitor network traffic that identifies unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
(k) Privacy
VIU is committed to providing our students, faculty, staff, and visitors with websites that respect their privacy. This section summarizes the privacy policy and practices for all official VIU websites.
Official VIU websites do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or email address. This information is only obtained if you provide it voluntarily, through contacting us via email, or through an online form.
Any personal information you do provide is managed according to the British Columbia Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIPPA). This means that, at the point of collection, you will be informed that your personal information is being collected, the purpose for which it is being collected, and that you have a right of access to the collected information. If you have questions regarding Freedom of Information or Protection of Privacy, please email FIPPA@viu.ca.  The Secretariat coordinates all formal FOI requests for the university.
Some official VIU websites may collect more information than is described here and will have additional privacy policies. Where applicable, please be sure to read these privacy policies.
© 2020 Vancouver Island University
MENU
CLOSE X
Future Students
International Students
Current Students
Employees
Alumni & Donors
Contact
Start Your Application
VIU Main Menu
About VIUWhy VIU
Campus Information
BlogAll Blog Posts
Future Students
Current Students
Career Planning
Athletics
Services and Facilities
Programs and CoursesAreas of StudyAcademic and Career PreparationAboriginal University Bridging
Employability Skills Program
Foundations for Success
High School Equivalency (ABE)BC Adult Graduation Diploma
Literacy
Workplace Essential Skills and Training
Cooperative Entrepreneur Training Certificate
Art, Design and Performing ArtsArt and Design - Arts General Admission RequirementsBachelor of Arts, Visual Art Major and Minor
Bachelor of Design in Graphic Design
Bachelor of Interior Design
Visual Arts Diploma
Bachelor of Fine Arts – Theatre Transfer
Bachelor of Music – Classical Transfer
Bachelor of Music in Jazz Studies
Music – Diploma in Jazz Studies
Theatre Diploma
Arts, Humanities and Social SciencesBachelor of Arts, Honours, Majors, and MinorsAnthropology
Biology
Business
Chemistry
Computer Science
Creative Writing and Journalism
Criminology
Digital Media
Digital Media Studies
Earth Science
English
Economics
Geography
Global Studies
History
Indigenous/Xwulmuxw Studies
Languages and Culture (Romance Languages)
Liberal Studies
Mathematics
Media Studies
Philosophy
Political Studies
Psychology
Sociology
Studies in Women and Gender
Addiction Studies Certificate
Advanced Diploma in Geographical Information Systems (GIS) Applications
Criminology Diploma
Legal Studies Certificate
Master of Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Applications
Master of Community Planning
Post-Degree Diploma in Languages and Culture (Romance Languages)
Proficiency in Language and Culture Certificate
Professional Indigenous Lands Management Certificate
Business and ManagementBusiness Administration Diploma
Bachelor of Business Administration, Majors, and MinorsAccounting
Economics
Financial Services
Human Resources Management
International Business
Management
Marketing
Business Fundamentals for Aboriginal Communities Certificate
Certificate in Business Management
Executive Professional Development
Forensic Accounting and Fraud Investigation Advanced Diploma (Online)
Graduate Certificate in Business
Graduate Diploma in International Trade
Graduate Diploma in Project Management
Management Skills for Supervisors
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Post-Degree Diploma in Business Studies
EducationBachelor of Arts, Kinesiology
Bachelor of Education
Bachelor of Education - Post Baccalaureate
Global Education Graduate Diploma
Inclusive Education (Special Education) Graduate Diploma
Master of Education in Educational Leadership
Master of Education in Special Education
Online Learning and Teaching Graduate Diploma
Physical Education
Special Education Teacher Specialty Post-Degree Diploma
Teacher Leadership Graduate Diploma
Bachelor of Kinesiology
English as a Second Language (ESL)English as a Second Language (ESL) Program
Online ESL
Exploratory University Studies
First NationsArts One - First Nations
Child and Youth Care First Nations
Graduate Programs
HealthActivity Assistant
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Community Health Promotion for Aboriginal Communities
Community Mental Health Worker
Dental Assistant
Dental Hygiene
Graduate Diploma in Gerontology: Active Aging
Health Care Assistant
Practical Nursing
Human ServicesBachelor of Arts in Child and Youth Care
Bachelor of Social Work
Child and Youth Care
Early Childhood Education and Care Diploma
Education Assistant and Community Support
Leadership and Disability Studies
Social Services
Natural Resource Extension Program
Online Programs and Courses
Professional Development and TrainingBritish Columbia First Nations Building Inspector
Hospital Unit Coordinator
Managing Conflict In The Workplace
Master Gardener
Medical Device Reprocessing Technician
Medical Office Assistant
Professional Esthetics
Science and TechnologyBachelor of Natural Resource Protection
Bachelor of Science, Majors, Minors and TransferBiology
Chemistry
Computer Science
Earth Science
Geography
Geoscience
Mathematics
Physics
Psychology
Bachelor of Science in Fisheries and Aquaculture
Diploma in Computer Science
Engineering Transfer Certificate
Engineering Transfer Diploma
Fisheries and Aquaculture Technology
Forest Resources Technology
Integrated Engineering Technologist Diploma
Post-Degree Diploma in Fisheries and Aquaculture
Post-Degree Diploma in Natural Resource Law Enforcement
Resource Management Officer Technology
The High School at VIU
Tourism, Recreation and HospitalityAdventure Tourism and Recreation Certificate
Bachelor of Hospitality Management
Bachelor of Tourism Management
Culinary Arts Bridging to Bachelor of Hospitality Management
Event Management Certificate
Graduate Diploma in Hospitality Management
Graduate Diploma in Sustainable Leisure Management
Hospitality Management Diploma
Master of Arts in Sustainable Leisure Management
Recreation and Sport Management
Tourism Studies
Wine Business
Trades and Applied TechnologyAboriginal Construction
Aluminum Boat Building
Applied Business Technology - Online
Automotive Service Technician
Carpentry
Culinary Arts
Culinary Management
Electrician
First Nations Housing Manager
Fundamentals of Forest Harvesting Practices
Hairstylist Foundation
Heavy Equipment Operator
Heavy Mechanical Trades Foundation
Horticultural Technician Foundation
Information Technology and Applied Systems – Systems Administration and Networking Diploma
Information Technology and Applied Systems – Web and Mobile Development Diploma
Motorcycle Mechanic and Marine Technician
Office Administration
Power Engineering/Process Operator - 4th Class
Professional Baking and Pastry Arts
Refrigeration Air-Conditioning Mechanic
Welding
Teaching English as a Second or Foreign Language (TESOL)
Courses
Start Your Application
AdmissionsAdmission RequirementsRequirements
Equivalencies and Advanced Placement Program
Provincial Equivalencies
How to Order Transcripts
Tuition & FeesFees
Tuition
Payment Methods
How do I pay?
Financial Aid & Awards
Start Your Application
Dates and Deadlines
Blog
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn