http://www.aaartsalliance.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Asian American Arts Alliance - Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 18, 2019
The Asian American Arts Alliance, Inc. (“A4”, “We” or “Us”) is an organization that is dedicated to strengthening Asian American artists and arts and cultural groups in New York City through resource sharing, promotion, and community building.
This website, including all subdomains or related sites owned by Us, is referred to as the “Website” or the “Site”.
We value your privacy, and We want to help make your experience on the Website as satisfying and safe as possible. We have established this Privacy Policy to explain how information is collected on the Website, including Personal Information (as defined below), and how that information is used and disclosed. “Personal Information” is information that allows a person to directly identify an individual, such as name or email address, and information that We combine directly with such identifying information.
How The Website Operates
By using or accessing the Website, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Users should bear in mind that their use of the Website is subject always to their agreement to this Privacy Policy and all other policies applicable to them as set forth herein or in the Terms and Conditions.
Collection of Personal Information
When you engage in certain activities on this Website, we may collect Personal Information from you.
For example, users who register on the Website to post events or opportunities create a Community Profile and provide certain account information. In addition, we may collect Personal Information when you register for an event, donate to A4, order a product or service, fill out a survey, send us feedback, or other activities. If you choose to donate to A4 or purchase any products or services on the Website, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Credit card information is not stored on the site and is collected through Give Lively (View Give Lively’s privacy policy)
Passive Data Collection
Like most web-based services, We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser when you use the Website.
We may use a variety of methods, including “cookies” to collect this information. The information that We collect with these automated methods may include, for example, your IP address, a unique device or user ID, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on the Website, and the “referring URL” (i.e. the page from which you navigated to the Website).
Cookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your Web browser. The cookies we use do not contain any personal information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept or blocks them. Please note that if your browser is configured to reject all cookies you may be unable to access and/or use all of the features of our Website.
How We Use Personal Information
We will primarily use your Personal Information to provide our services to you, to customize your use of the Website, and to operate the Website as a site for the community and the content they share.
We may use Personal Information to: operate, provide, improve, and maintain the Website and our other services and systems; collect and process donations; offer or develop products and services; improve our marketing and promotional efforts; statistically analyze Website use; prevent abusive and fraudulent use of the Website and our other services and systems; personalize and display advertisements (via our own advertising engine or server) and other content on the Website; send you administrative messages and information about content, A4, and any other services in which We believe you may be interested; and for other administrative and internal business purposes.
We may also use Personal Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms and Conditions and this Private Policy, and as otherwise contemplated by and consistent with our Terms of Service.
When We Disclose Personal Information
We do not sell or rent email addresses and other Personal Information to unaffiliated third party marketing companies. We do not share Personal Information with third parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions. Please be aware, however, that any information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion on the Website, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by Us or anybody else without restriction.
Change of Ownership
In the event of a change in ownership, or a merger with, acquisition by, or sale of assets to, another entity We reserve the right to transfer all of your Personal Information, including email addresses, to that entity. We will use reasonable efforts to notify registered users of such a transfer (by a posting on our home page, or by email to the email address that was provided to Us, as chosen by Us in our discretion).
Security
We (or our service providers) maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the Website to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the information you provide on this Website.
However, We cannot guarantee that your Personal Information or any information on the Website will remain free from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or alteration. Further, while We and our service providers work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, We cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent “hackers” or other unauthorized persons from illegally accessing, obtaining, altering, misusing or destroying this information. We do not assume any liability to third parties whose information you include in your account profile or contact information, or which you post or transmit in any Content on our Website. To help maintain the security of your account credentials, please keep your password secure.
If We learn of a security breach, We may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Website or providing Personal Information to Us, you agree that We can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Website. If a security systems breach occurs, We may post a notice on our homepage or elsewhere on the Website and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to Us.
Children
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) protects the online privacy of children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under the age of 13, unless or except as permitted by law.
If We learn that Personal Information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age on or through the Website, then We will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted.
Email Communications and Unsolicited Commercial Email
We may send you administrative messages, and updates regarding your account, the Website, and our services, by email. Additionally, you can choose to opt-out of receiving messages from Us by following the directions on the bottom of the email message where you will be provided with a means of opting out.
As a service, A4 offers visitors the opportunity to subscribe to the A4 newsletter. If you choose to sign up, you will receive newsletters and information about A4 events. You may unsubscribe at any time. Any information you choose to provide may be used for marketing and promotions purposes. A4 will never share, rent, or sell your email address to a third party.
The A4 Website Terms and Conditions prohibit Users from engaging in any activity involving the sending of email in violation of applicable law, including CAN-SPAM and other laws regulating unsolicited commercial email. Violations of these policies may result in immediate termination of service and legal action against any senders or initiators of such messages.
International Users
The Website is hosted in the United States. If you use the Website from the European Union, or any other region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States. The United States does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union and other regions. By providing Personal Information under this Privacy Policy, you consent to the use of Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States and you now warrant that insofar as you have transferred Personal Information relating to a third-party to the Website that you have permission to transfer any and all Personal Information relating to those third-parties from outside the United States to the United States.
If you are an EU national and reside in the EU, or are a non-EU national residing in the EU, you may have the following rights under data protection laws with respect to the personal data you provide to us:
To request access to or correct your personal data.
To request your personal data be erased if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was processed; you have withdrawn your consent to, or object to, its processing and there is no other legitimate grounds for processing it; or you consider it has been unlawfully processed.
To request that processing of your personal data be restricted if you contest the data’s accuracy, its processing is unlawful, or you have objected to its processing and await verification of our legitimate grounds for processing it.
To request transfer of your personal data to another company under certain circumstances.
To lodge a complaint with your national data protection regulator if you feel that your personal data has been unlawfully processed.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at a4@aaartsalliance.org.
Changes and Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy.
If We do, We will update the “Effective Date” at the top of the Privacy Policy.
We may amend, modify, change, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you.
By registering with us or browsing or otherwise using this Website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, and by your continued use of the Website you confirm your agreement to any such update to the Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
You may contact Us by e-mail at: a4@aaartsalliance.org. We are located at: 20 Jay Street, Suite 740, Brooklyn, New York, 11201.