http://www.pcain.org/privacy-policy/
Online Privacy Policy
The Villages of Indiana (The Villages) is committed to making sure any and all personal information collected from website visitors is accurate, confidential, secure and private. This includes information from individuals who make use of our online resources and services. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to assure those affiliated with The Villages of our commitment to safeguard their information and our obligation to not only meet but exceed most privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy shall apply to The Villages and any subsidiary company listed below, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of www.villageskids.org and any subsidiary website listed below, you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Subsidiary Company:                                                   Subsidiary Website:
Prevent Child Abuse Indiana                                  www.pcain.org
Children’s Village                                                            www.childrensvillagekids.org
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, which may include:
Voluntarily provided information, which may include your name, address, email address and billing information as well as any credit card information that may have been used to purchase products and/or services or to deliver services.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third-party tracking technologies and server logs.
Please rest assured that this site shall collect only personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed forms and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to create reports. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
The only cookies in use on our site are for Google Analytics. Google Analytics is an analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it.
Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions, as in our case. We then use the information about how visitors use our website to compile reports and to help us improve our site.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the Web page.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site. For more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit this Google page.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Use of Information Collected
The Villages may collect and make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from www.villageskids.org and our subsidiaries. The Villages and our subsidiaries may also be in contact with you with regard to surveys and/or research questionnaires seeking your opinion of current or future services that may be offered.
The Villages does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
The Villages may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that our users may frequent in an effort to glean the types of services and/or products that may be most popular with our clientele or to the general public.
The Villages may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decree, law and/or statute, or to comply with any process that may be served upon The Villages and/or our website.
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of The Villages.
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of www.villageskids.org and/or the general public.
Children Under Age 13
The Villages does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13 (thirteen) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under age 13, we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of 13 must seek and obtain parental or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website, please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to ITDept@villages.org . If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
Links to Other Websites
Our website does contain links to affiliate or other websites. The Villages does not claim or accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware that, when they leave our website, they should read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
The Villages shall endeavor to take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of a user’s personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet and promote website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
The Villages reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy and will post those changes to our website home page at www.villageskids.org so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the types of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point The Villages decides to make use of any personally identifiable information it has on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when the information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. At that time, users shall have the option to permit or deny use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: kcottingham@villages.org
Telephone Number: 1-800-874-6880
Mailing Address:
The Villages of Indiana, Inc.
3833 N. Meridian St.
Indianapolis, Indiana 46208
Donate to Prevent Child Abuse
Your support helps us stop child maltreatment in Indiana before it starts. Please donate today.
Give Today »