http://www.united-church.ca/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information
Overview
The United Church of Canada is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. Personal information is collected, used, maintained, and disclosed in compliance with the principles of The United Church of Canada Privacy Statement, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and other applicable federal and provincial privacy legislation.
Online Donations
GiftTool Inc. of British Columbia hosts our online donation service. When you make an online donation we ask for personal information including your name; e-mail and mailing addresses; telephone number; credit card number, type, and expiration date. We use this information only for matters related to your online donation. We will maintain your credit card information only for a period reasonably necessary to ensure payment has been received.
See GiftTool Inc.’s privacy statement for how it also honours the privacy of online transactions.
Online Event Registration
The United Church website offers links to many different online tools to facilitate event registrations. These include, but are not limited to; Formstack, Conexsys, EventBrite, GiftTool, SurveyMonkey, and Google Forms.
When you register online for an event, we ask for a variety of personal information. We use this information only for matters related to your registration and participation in the event, and to follow up about the event. Your credit card information will be maintained only for a period reasonably necessary to ensure payment has been received.
While we try our best to select trustworthy and reputable third-party tools, these services are not controlled or maintained by The United Church of Canada, and we cannot guarantee the privacy or security of any information you provide to these services. We recommend you review the privacy policy for each service before disclosing personal or sensitive information.
E-Newsletters
We use MailChimp to host and manage our e-newsletter service. When you subscribe to one of our e-newsletters, we ask for your name and a valid e-mail address. This is the minimum amount of information we need to fulfill your subscription request.
All newsletters have an option that allows you to cancel or modify your subscription preferences at any time. "Unsubscribe" requests are fulfilled promptly, and no further communications will be sent to you.
We WILL NOT make any personal information about our subscribers available to any third party except as required by law. MailChimp's privacy policy outlines what specific information is gathered on their site and how that information is used.
Online Groups, Networks, and Blogs
The United Church website offers links to many different online tools to facilitate communication with our members, adherents, volunteers, and interest groups. These range from simple blogs or groups to more sophisticated networks on Facebook, Ning, or our own SharePoint platform.
While we try our best to select trustworthy and reputable third-party tools, these services are not controlled or maintained by The United Church of Canada, and we cannot guarantee the privacy or security of any information you provide to these services. We recommend you review the privacy policy for each service before disclosing personal or sensitive information.
Log Files, Tracking, and Cookies
The United Church of Canada collects and uses the information contained within an automatically generated log of all traffic on our website. JavaScript, cookies, and other tracking codes are included in all pages on our websites for use with Google Analytics. The information collected includes IP addresses, browser types, device type, plug-ins available, pages viewed, city/province/country of the visitor, network used, and cookie information. We use this information in an aggregate form to calculate overall site traffic patterns, to analyze user trends, and to administer the website. Individual traffic patterns will not be disclosed to any third party except as required by law.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
The United Church of Canada may from time to time change this Privacy Statement as new services are added or old ones changed. Please review this statement regularly for updates.
Copyright © 2020 - The United Church of Canada.
Some rights reservedPrivacy PolicyContact Us
facebook-f
twitter
youtube
instagram