https://www.noglstp.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Programs
Affiliates
Archives
Join/Renew
Donate/Support
Contact
National Organization of Gay and Lesbian Scientists and Technical Professionals, Inc. is committed to privacy of its members and users of is services. To that end, here is our privacy policy:
Our membership mailing list is for official NOGLSTP use only, and not for sale or lease. From time to time, we may include another organization’s materials with our own mailing.
We might let NOGLSTP members in geographic clusters who organize events use an applicable subset of our membership mailing list.
We will not put you on the NOGLSTP “member directory” (for NOGLSTP members’ eyes only) unless you specifically direct us to.
If you are in the NOGLSTP “member directory”, you might be contacted by NOGLSTP members.
Your name, city, latest degree, techno/scientific specialty, alma mater, employer, job title, professional societies, personal URL are all listed in the NOGLSTP member directory.
Only dues-paying NOGLSTP members may view this directory, and only dues-paying NOGLSTP members may be listed in this directory.
If your dues lapse, you will not be able to view the directory, and you will not be displayed in the directory.
You may opt out of being displayed in the NOGLSTP member directory by changing your privacy options while logged into your NOGLSTP membership center at https://www.noglstp.org/memberservices/
We do not collect or store your payment card information.
That is all handled by PCI-compliant secure servers that belong to our payment card processor.
We might contact NOGLSTP members by email, or by postal mail, or by phone, for NOGLSTP business. NOGLSTP business includes activities/event announcements, news, solicitation of volunteers, solicitation of charitable contributions, and professional networking.
We acknowledge our larger benefactors publicly, in our newsletter and on our website. If you do not want to be publicly acknowledged, you must inform us when you make a donation.
We do not collect individual information about people visiting our website. We DO collect IP addresses, referrer headers, and information about pages visited for aggregate analysis of our web logs.
NOGLSTP is: a professional society and global community of LGBTQ+ students and professionals in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
Quick Links Register now for the joint Out to Innovate Summit / oSTEM National Conference. Virtual conference November 12-15.
Nominate a colleague for 2021 LGBTQ+ Scientist, Engineer, Educator of the Year.
Deadline Dec 15, 2020.
Congratulations to our 2020 Out to Innovate, InPhi Engineering/Physics, McClennan Memorial Engineering Scholarship Winners
NOGLSTP stands against racism and bigotry and with #BlackLivesMatter
Join the 500 Queer Scientists visibility campaign!
Support NOGLSTP with an on-line donation
Become a NOGLSTP Member Now
Follow @STEMforEquality
About NOGLSTP
A Brief History
Contact NOGLSTP
Corporate Records
Demographics
FAQ
Goals
Privacy Policy
Support NOGLSTP
Make a Donation
Sponsor an Event
Volunteer Opportunities
Programs and Meetings
Ben Barres Fellowship
Career Resources
Mentoring Program
Out to Innovate™ Summit for LGBTQ+ People in STEM
Recognition Awards
Scholarships
Symposia and Workshops
Archives
Announcement Archives
Career Opportunities for LGBTQ
STEM Grads:
Brighter Than Ever
Newsletter Archives
Press Release Archives
Queer Scientists and Engineers of the 20th Century
Queer Scientists of Historical Note
Videos
Out and About PhotoArchives
Member Services
Member Services and Benefits
Networking and Affiliates
Affiliates: Regional and Caucus
LGBTQ+ Employee Resource Groups
Other Technoqueer Organizations