http://www.dreamscometrue.org/privacy
Dreams Come True - Granting Dreams to Children with Life-Threatening Illnesses in North Florida and Southeast Georgia
Skip to content
Programs
Making Dreams Come True
for children with life-threatening illnesses
Support Dreams Come True
Privacy Policy
Dreams Come True &lpar"DCT"&rpar respects the privacy interests and preferences of our donors and website visitors. We are committed to full transparency in outlining what information we collect about donors and visitors, how it is used and how you can opt-out of those programs &lparonline or by traditional communications&rpar if you so choose.
Collection of Personal Information and What We Do With It
When you make a donation, refer a child for dream fulfillment, subscribe to a newsletter or sign up to volunteer, DCT may ask for your personal contact information such as your name, mailing address, phone number and email address. We may use this contact information to provide you with a receipt or financial report; to contact you to clarify or obtain additional information about a donation you made or a dream child you have referred; or to send you additional information about DCT and our programs.
If you make a donation, we may contact you on occasion to offer you an opportunity to make another gift, or to inform you of promotions involving third-party sponsors that will directly benefit our organization. You may also receive a personal call from a DCT staff member or volunteer thanking you for your donation. As an internal policy, we do not use professional telemarketers or other outside vendors to solicit funds or otherwise communicate with our donors. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out of future communications from us.
Personal contact information may also be shared with certain vendors &lpar(i.e., reputable companies we use for services such as shipping DCT products or sending DCT mail&rpar. We have confidentiality agreements in place with all such companies to protect your privacy. You have the opportunity to have your name removed from any of our mailing or communications list by writing to us at the address below, or by calling our office at 904-296-3030.
Dreams Come True 6803 Southpoint Parkway Jacksonville, FL 32216
Personal Billing Information We Collect and What We Do With It
In addition to personal contact information, we ask for billing information, such as your billing address and credit card number, when you make a donation. We use secure servers to gather and process your billing information. These secure servers are hosted by our agent, Classy, which is bound by our site policies. Your billing information is not shared with any other organizations, and your credit card number is not retained once your transaction has been authorized and processed.
Other Contact Information We Collect and What We Do With It
In some instances, we ask for contact information for people other than yourself including, for example, email addresses of friends to whom you send ecards or a copy of one of our web pages, or the mailing address of someone you wish us to notify of a donation you have made. The information we collect is used to send the donation notification or information you requested and/or to inform the recipient of the opportunity to subscribe to receive DCT updates, dream stories and opportunities to get involved. Such contact information is not shared with any other organizations nor is it added to any mailing list without the recipient’s explicit consent.
How to View or Change Your Information
If you wish to modify the frequency of future communications from DCT, please write to us at our office or the email address below.
Also, with the exception of credit card numbers, which are not retained, you can view and request changes to all the information you have given us, including any mailing lists you may be on, by contacting us.
Dreams Come True6803 Southpoint ParkwayJacksonville, FL 32216
Or, email Kelly Komppa.
Normal Browsing
DCT does not collect any personally identifying information from you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide such information to us.
You can browse the DCT website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. The information we gather during normal browsing comes from two sources: &lpar1&rpar standard server logs collect information such as the IP &lparInternet Protocol&rpar address, domain name, browser type, operating system and information like the site that referred you to us, the files you downloaded, the pages you visited and the dates/times of those visits; and &lpar2&rpar if you have come into the website from one of our newsletters or from a site that has requested a link, we will ask your browser to accept a "cookie" &lpardefined below&rpar that carries a general marketing source code with you as you browse through the website, in order to help us match referring sites to donations made. This cookie does not capture or hold any personally identifying information about you, and is deleted when you end your session by leaving our website or closing your browser.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we might store some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" &lpari.e., a small piece of data that stores information on your browser in your computer’s hard drive&rpar or similar file. We use conversion tracking cookies as part of campaigns to analyze trends, gather broad demographic information and monitor website traffic patterns that can help us further develop and improve the design and functionality of our site. Similarly, we also use cookies for "retargeting" in our Internet advertising campaigns so that third party vendors, including Google, can show you advertising about DCT as you browse the Internet. Retargeting is a marketing tool that identifies you as a previous visitor to the DCT website and targets you for specific outreach messages, encouraging you to revisit our website or consider donating. Any personal information we gather will be kept private and not shared with other organizations. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a new cookie. You can also opt out of receiving cookies on the DCT website for Google advertising by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites, including ones &lparsuch as 1st Place Sports&rpar that may gather personal contact information. DCT is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. Any personal information, however, obtained by us through other sites is treated as if it was gathered on our site and our privacy policy applies.
Children
The DCT website is for a general audience and is not targeted towards children. If your child has used the DCT website and submitted Personal Information to us, please contact us and we will endeavor to remove that information from the DCT website and our database.
Changes to this policy
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this Web page, and we will mark the link to our updated Privacy Policy on the home page of this website to note the date of any changes so that you will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have.