http://www.ncpa.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy which constitutes the Agreement between you and National Community Pharmacists Association ("NCPA"). The Privacy Policy describes how we collect and handle any information gathered from users NCPA's communications tools. By accessing or using NCPA's communications tools, including browsing the site, you expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, processing, and disclosure of your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. For purposes of this Policy, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms and Conditions.
Introduction
NCPA's Privacy Policy contains information about collecting Customers, Visitors and other data subjects (like Agents or End-users) Personal Data and other information, products and Services offered. We respect the right to privacy of our software users and take reasonable steps for the Visitors and Customers to be familiar with the manner in which rendered accessible information via www.livechat.com and applications are processed.
Scope
This Privacy Policy is effective to all information collected by NCPA from which an individual can be identified (Personal Information/Personal Data).
Notice
NCPA is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives. With respect to Personal Data received, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Please be aware we may disclose Personal Data to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also disclose Personal Information if it is necessary in order to prevent, investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, or as otherwise required by law.
Questions and concerns
If you have any questions or concerns, or if you wish to access, update, amend, correct or delete, any of your Personal Information we store and process, please contact us at NCPA.INFO@ncpa.org.
What information we collect
The scope and purpose of gathering and processing Personal Data and other information by NCPA is:
to provide, maintain and facilitate the Services as well as to ensure safe and guaranteed Service performance, upgrade and improve the functionality of the Services,
to secure (establish, investigate or defend) Member's or interested individual's as well as Company's claims that may arise due to the Services,
to ensure quality control and quality services to our members and interested individuals,
to stay connected with Members or interested individuals to present up-to-date information about NCPA.
Communication
We will occasionally send you push notifications in order to make you aware of NCPA's efforts. You may opt-out of receiving these types of communications by turning off push notifications at the device level. We may also send you some e-mails from our blog. If you wish not to receive such notification you have an option to 'unsubscribe' this type of communication anytime. We will also send you notifications related to some important updates. The purpose of sending you such e-mails or messages is to keep you informed of the latest improvements, features and other developments.
Privacy Policy modification
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any significant material changes we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your 'owner's account') or by means of a notice on the website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices.