https://www.gibsondunn.com/legal-notices/
Legal Notices
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to gibsondunn.com (the “Site”). This Site is operated by Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP (“Gibson Dunn”). Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this Site. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. Gibson Dunn reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time by posting modified Terms of Use, and your continued use of the Site thereafter will constitute agreement with such modifications.
NO ATTORNEY CLIENT RELATIONSHIP
Transmission of the information in Gibson Dunn’s web site is not intended to create, and receipt does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. Newsletter recipients and online readers should not rely upon the transmission of an e-mail message to Gibson Dunn through this web site to create an attorney-client relationship. Internet subscribers and online readers should not act upon any information in this web site without first consulting legal counsel of their own directly. The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before selection of counsel, users should ask a prospective attorney or law firm to send free written information about their qualifications and experience. The information in this web site is not provided in the course of an attorney-client relationship and is not intended to constitute legal advice or to substitute for obtaining legal advice from an attorney licensed in the appropriate jurisdiction.
COMPLIANCE
Gibson Dunn is unwilling to assume the representation of clients from those states where the marketing material does not comply with State Bar requirements and where the client is generated as a result of that communication. No representation is made or intended that the quality of the legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers. In situations in which our fees are contingent or partially contingent on the outcome of the case or transaction, the client is obligated for payment of court costs and expenses regardless of outcome. Unless otherwise specified, the attorneys listed in this web site are admitted to practice in the jurisdiction of their office, and they are not certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization. Unless otherwise specified, the attorneys listed in this web site are not certified as a specialist in any practice area by the Tennessee Commission on Continuing Legal Education and Specialization. Under the New York State Lawyer’s Code of Professional Responsibility, portions of this web site contain attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Each representation has unique facts and circumstances that may impact results.
COPYRIGHT
All materials contained on this Site, including text, images, logos and or other material (collectively “Content”), and all intellectual property rights thereto, including copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress, are owned by Gibson Dunn or its affiliates. You agree not to copy, reproduce, republish, transmit, modify or distribute any of the Content contained on the Site, except for your personal, noncommercial use, absent the prior written approval of Gibson Dunn. These rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now or hereafter developed.
CONTENT DISCLAIMER
The content on this site is provided “as is.” We do not represent that the content will be error-free, timely, free of viruses or other harmful elements, or that defects will be corrected. Neither Gibson Dunn nor any of its affiliates, partners or employees, makes any representations, express or implied, with respect to the timeliness, accuracy or completeness of any of the contents of this website, and expressly disclaim any liability or warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Gibson Dunn expressly disclaims any liability for any action, or failure to take action, in reliance on any of the contents of the website. Your sole remedy for any dissatisfaction with any of the Contents is to refrain from using the website.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This Site may include links to other Internet sites that are beyond the control of Gibson Dunn. Gibson Dunn is not responsible for the content of any such sites, makes no representations regarding any such sites, cannot guarantee their practices regarding data privacy, and does not necessarily endorse or approve of the information, material, products or services contained on or accessible through any such sites. You acknowledge and agree that your linking to other sites, your use of such sites, and your use of any information, material, products and services offered by such sites, are solely at your own risk.
EUROPEAN OFFICES
BRUSSELS
Information as per Article 7 of the Belgian Law of March 11, 2003:
The partners of the Belgian office of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP practice from the following address:
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
Avenue Louise 480
1050 Brussels, Belgium
Telephone: +32 2 554 70 00
Fax: +32 2 554 70 33
E-mail: palexiadis@gibsondunn.com
The Belgian office is comprised of lawyers who are admitted within Belgium to practice as lawyers and are members of the Brussels Bar, List E and/or are members of foreign Bars or Law Societies. Regulatory provisions applicable to members of the Brussels Bar are available from the Brussels Bar Associations at: www.baliebrussel.be (Dutch-language Order) or www.barreaudebruxelles.be (French-language Order).
GERMANY
Imprint
Information pursuant to Sec. 5 German Tele Media Act (Telemediengesetz) and DL-InfoV with regard to the services provided by the German offices of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
(For a German language version of this information, please click here [PDF].)
Contact information:
Frankfurt Office
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
RA Dr. Dirk Oberbracht
TaunusTurm
Taunustor 1
60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany
Telephone: +49 69 247 411 500
Fax: +49 69 247 411 501
E-mail: doberbracht@gibsondunn.com
Munich Office
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
RA Dr. Ferdinand Fromholzer
Hofgarten Palais
Marstallstrasse 11
80539 Munich, Germany
Telephone: +49 89 189 33-0
Fax: +49 89 189 33-333
E-mail: ffromholzer@gibsondunn.com
Bar admission:
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP in Germany is a Delaware limited liability partnership. The personal liability of our partners is limited in accordance with applicable laws. The partners of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher’s offices are included in the lists accessible under the following links:
Frankfurt
Munich
Bar admission:
Unless otherwise noted, all attorneys practicing at the German offices of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP are admitted to practice in the Federal Republic of Germany. Some are admitted to also practice in the United States in New York, or in Russia. The competent bar associations in Germany are:
Frankfurt am Main (Rechtsanwaltskammer Frankfurt am Main, Bockenheimer Anlage 36, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, phone: +49-69-170098-01, telefax +49-69-170098-50)
Munich (Rechtsanwaltskammer Muenchen, Tal 33, 80331 Muenchen, Germany, phone: +49-89-532944-0, telefax +49-89-532944-28),
All attorneys practicing also as tax advisors at the German offices of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP are admitted in the Federal Republic of Germany and are of members of the Munich Tax Advisory Chamber:
Steuerberaterkammer Muenchen, Nederlinger Strasse 9, 80638 Muenchen, Germany, phone: +49-89-1579020, telefax +49-89-15790219)
Applicable Regulations:
The following professional Regulations for attorneys apply:
Bundesrechtsanwaltsordnung (BRAO) / The Federal Lawyers’ Act
Berufsordnung (BORA) / Rules of Professional Practice
Fachanwaltsordnung (FAO)
Rechtsanwaltsverguetungsgesetz (RVG)
Berufsregeln der Rechtsanwaelte der Europaeischen Union (CCBE)
Gesetz ueber die Taetigkeit europaeischer Rechtsanwaelte in Deutschland (EuRAG)/ Law regulating the activity of European lawyers in Germany
These Regulations can be found at http://www.brak.de under “Berufsrecht.”
The following professional Regulations for tax advisors apply:
Steuerberatergesetz (StBerG) / Act on Tax Advisors
Verordnung zur Durchführung der Vorschriften über Steuerberater, Steuerbevollmächtigte und Steuerberatungsgesellschaften (DVStB) / Implementation Order for the Execution of the Rules and Regulations Concerning Tax Advisors, Tax Agents and Tax Advisory Companies
Berufsordnung der Bundessteuerberaterkammer (BOStB) / Professional Rules of the Federal Tax Advisory Chamber
Vergütungsverordnung für Steuerberater, Steuerbevollmächtigte und Steuerberatungsgesellschaften (StBVV) / Order on Professional Fees Concerning Tax Advisors, Tax Agents and Tax Advisory Companies
These Regulations can be found at http://www.bstbk.de under “Berufsrecht.”
Tax identification number (Sec. 27a UStG):
VAT#: DE222166404
Liability insurance:
The attorneys admitted in Germany (Rechtsanwälte) of Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher LLP in Germany are insured under a worldwide Professional Liability Insurance (Berufshaftpflichtversicherung) with ERGO Versicherung AG, Victoriaplatz 1, 40477 Düsseldorf, Germany.
Disputes:
In case of disputes between lawyers and their clients an out-of-court mediation can be requested with the Munich or Frankfurt bar association (cf. Sec. 73 (2) no. 3 and (5) BRAO) or with the Federal Bar Association (cf. sec. 191f BRAO). For details please cf. http://www.brak.de or send an email to schlichtungsstelle@brak.de.
Information pursuant to Section 36 VSBG
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP does not participate in alternative dispute resolution proceedings in front of the consumer arbitration board for lawyers established at the German Bar Association in Berlin.
Information pursuant to Art. 14 (1) ODR
Online-Dispute resolution:
EU platform for extrajudicial online dispute resolution: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
Partner in charge:
The persons responsible for press releases and publications on the German webpage of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP are:
Frankfurt Office:  RA Dr. Dirk Oberbracht, who can be reached at doberbracht@gibsondunn.com – please see above for full contact details
Munich Office:  RA Dr. Ferdinand Fromholzer, who can be reached at ffromholzer@gibsondunn.com – please see above for full contact details.
For information regarding the processing of personnel data by GIBSON DUNN’s Frankfurt office, please click here.
For information regarding the processing of personnel data by GIBSON DUNN’s Munich office, please click here.
PARIS
Information au titre de l’article 19 de la loi n 2004-575 du 21 juin 2004
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
166, rue du faubourg Saint-Honoré
75008 Paris, France
Telephone: +33 1 56 43 13 00
Fax: +33 1 56 43 13 33
E-mail: postmaster@gibsondunn.com
N SIRET: 302.980.792.000.48
Numéro de TVA: FR 08302980792
Titre professionnel, Etat dans lequel le titre a été octroyé et nom de l’ordre ou de l’organisme professionnel d’inscription:
Le bureau de Paris de Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP est inscrit auprès de l’Ordre des Avocats de Paris et regroupe des avocats membres du Barreau de Paris et/ou de barreaux étrangers.
Règles professionnelles applicables:
Le Règlement intérieur du Barreau de Paris, applicable aux avocats membres du Barreau de Paris, est disponible l’adresse suivante:
http://dl.avocatparis.org/reglement_interieur/RIBP.htm
Information under article 19 of the French law no. 2004-575 of June 21, 2004
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
166, rue du faubourg Saint-Honoré
75008 Paris, France
Telephone: +33 1 56 43 13 00
Fax: +33 1 56 43 13 33
E-mail: postmaster@gibsondunn.com
SIRET #: 302.980.792.000.48
VAT #: FR 08302980792
Professional Title, Country where Title was granted, and Professional Body of Registration:
The Paris office of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP is registered with the Paris Bar (“Ordre des Avocats de Paris”) and is comprised of attorneys admitted as members of the Paris Bar (“avocats”) and/or of foreign bars.
Applicable Professional Rules:
The internal rules of the Paris Bar (“Règlement intérieur du Barreau de Paris”) applicable to attorneys registered with the Paris Bar, is available at:
http://dl.avocatparis.org/reglement_interieur/RIBP.htm
LONDON
Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher UK LLP in London is a limited liability partnership, registered in Delaware. A list of the partners and their qualifications is open for inspection at Telephone House, 2-4 Temple Avenue, London EC4Y 0HB, United Kingdom.
VAT Number: GB 756 2184 21.
Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher UK LLP in London is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority (Number 324652), whose regulations can be found at http://www.sra.org.uk. It is not authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 but is able in certain circumstances to offer a limited range of investment services to clients because it is supervised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority. It can provide these investment services if they are an incidental part of the professional services that it has been engaged to provide.
Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher UK LLP in London is insured in accordance with the requirements of the Solicitors’ Indemnity Insurance Rules 2009 through Lloyd’s of London with Pembroke Syndicate 4000 of 2nd Floor South, Minster Court, Mincing Lane, London EC3R 7DD. The territorial coverage of the policy extends to acts or omissions arising out of the professional business of the London firm wherever they occur.
To view the firm’s U.K. Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement, please click here.
In accordance with the Solicitors Regulation Authority’s Transparency Rules, we have published costs information here regarding the services that Gibson Dunn can provide in respect of Employment Tribunal claims.
Complaints
If you are a client of the Firm and there is anything you are not happy about, please let us know straight away. In the first instance, you should contact either the person handling the matter in question or the contact partner. If you are still dissatisfied, you should raise your concern with one of the Co-Partners-In-Charge of our London office. If for any reason we are unable to resolve the problem between us, then we are regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority, and complaints and redress mechanisms are provided through the Solicitors Regulation Authority and the Legal Ombudsman. The Legal Ombudsman’s jurisdiction is set out in the Legal Services Act 2007 and in the Legal Ombudsman’s Scheme Rules. Under those Scheme Rules, if the matter has not been resolved to your satisfaction within eight weeks of you raising it with one of the Co-Partners-in-Charge of our London office, you may have the right to refer it to the Legal Ombudsman. The Legal Ombudsman’s contact details are: Legal Ombudsman, PO Box 6806, Wolverhampton WV1 9WJ, United Kingdom; email: enquiries@legalombudsman.org.uk; see www.legalombudsman.org.uk for further information. The deadline for referring the matter to the Legal Ombudsman is six years from the date of the relevant act or omission, or three years from the date on which you should reasonably have known that there was cause for complaint.
Top
This website uses cookies to provide analytics on user traffic. By continuing to browse our website, you consent to our use of cookies as set forth in our Cookie Policy. However you may visit Cookie Settings to customize your consent.Cookie SettingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
Cookies that tie into analytics systems, such as Google Analytics, YouTube and Vimeo analytics for embedded video, etc. The following are the cookies installed by the service: _ga, _gid, collect, vuid
Performance
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. The following cookie is installed by the Google Analytics service: _gat
Save & Accept