https://www.sfspa.com/privacy-policy/
Our website privacy policy addresses the kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit or submit forms via our firm website. It explains how we expect to use that information, and the choices you have regarding our use of the information.
This website privacy policy applies only to the web pages of Schochor, Federico and Staton, P.A. at www.sfspa.com and not to outside websites that you might visit by following links from our pages. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any external websites before disclosing any information to that site. We reserve the right to change our website privacy policy at any time and for any reason, as permitted or required by applicable law, by posting changes to this page or a subsequent privacy page. Nothing contained in this website privacy policy is intended to create a contract or agreement between Schochor, Federico and Staton, P.A. and any firm, website visitor or information requester.
Our firm website automatically logs IP address information transmitted by your server, which may identify you or your Internet service provider’s Internet domain, but which normally would not include individually identifiable information such as your email address. You may browse our firm website without disclosing any additional information to us, although certain services and features may be unavailable unless you provide us additional information.
You may voluntarily choose to submit forms on our firm website or send us email to request newsletters, updates, information on our services, or to provide us with feedback. You should NOT send us any confidential information describing your legal problems or requesting advice on legal matters. See our disclaimer for more information.
We use visitor logs to monitor and improve the performance of our firm website, including navigation, links, search terms, and page and image load times. If you choose to provide us with identifying information through a form or email, we will use it to facilitate fulfillment of your requests. We may also store your identifying information, and may use that information for future communications from Schochor, Federico and Staton, P.A. to you, including the firm’s legal updates and newsletters, announcements and other information which may be of interest to you and any communication reasonably necessary to respond to and process your requests. To update your contact information, unsubscribe to any of our mailing lists, or learn more about our mailing lists, please contact us.
Schochor, Federico and Staton, P.A. does not disclose identifying information to third parties, except under the following limited circumstances:
Your information may be incidentally accessible to third parties providing system administration, maintenance, or other services for our firm website, networks, servers, communications, or databases. However, we do not permit such third parties to use that information for other purposes.
We may provide your information to governmental agencies or other third parties as required by laws and regulations, including, for example, responding to subpoenas or other legal process.
We may keep contact information about information requesters as long as we deem it appropriate to fulfill the requests, maintain records of delivered information, or conduct marketing activities.
We use reasonable efforts to record and store data accurately when it is submitted to us through our firm website. We do not assume any responsibility for verifying the ongoing accuracy of identifying information after it has been submitted.
No system, especially a system connected to the Internet, can be guaranteed to be secure, but we follow generally accepted practices of physical, network, and operational security to safeguard our data, including information we may collect from visitors to our firm website.
Our website is targeted to businesses, governmental entities, and adult individuals who may be interested in our legal services. The firm website is not designed for or directed to children under 14 years of age, and we do not expect children to be attracted to or to use the firm’s website. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from children, and will delete any such information if it is brought to our attention.
To learn more about our website privacy policy, please contact the firm.
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise Schochor, Federico and Staton, P.A. across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network.
AdWords remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the Schochor, Federico and Staton, P.A.website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser.
This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device.
The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that  “This person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.”
Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
If you do not wish to see ads from Schochor, Federico and Staton, P.A. you can opt out in several ways:
1. Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
2. Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Get A
Consultation
Your NameYour E-mail
Your PhoneMessageCAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.