http://www.jubileecampaign.co.uk/privacy-policy
Give >>
Toggle navigation
HOME
ABOUT US
OUR HISTORY
SUCCESSFUL CAMPAIGNS
MEET THE FOUNDER
OUR WORK
GET INVOLVED
CONTACT
HOME
ABOUT US
OUR HISTORY
SUCCESSFUL CAMPAIGNS
MEET THE FOUNDER
OUR WORK
GET INVOLVED
CONTACT
Jubilee Campaign Privacy Policy
Jubilee Campaign depends on our friends and supporters to fulfil our mission to protect and care for Children at Risk. Without your support, trust and generosity, we would not be able to continue this important work. That is why we will always be transparent about how we handle your personal data and will do all that is needed to keep your information safe.
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Notice explains in detail how we collect, use and store your personal data. We take the privacy and security of your personal information seriously and ensure that every precaution necessary is taken to keep your data safe.
We want you to be fully informed about your rights and how Jubilee Campaign uses your personal data. We hope our Privacy Policy will answer any questions you have but if not, do please drop us a line with your query and we will try to answer it as promptly as we can.
It’s likely that we’ll need to update this Privacy Notice every now and again to make sure it's accurate. We’ll do our best to let you know of any major changes, but the most up-to-date version will always be on our website for you to check.
This Privacy Policy sets out to explain the following:
ABOUT JUBILEE CAMPAIGN
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE HOLD ON YOU?
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
WHAT LEGAL BASIS DOES JUBILEE CAMPAIGN RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
WILL JUBILEE CAMPAIGN SELL OR PASS ON YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO OTHER GROUPS OR ORGANIZATIONS?
HOW LONG WILL JUBILEE CAMPAIGN KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
WHERE WILL YOUR DATA BE STORED?
WHY IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN SAFE HANDS WITH US?
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW WE DO USE THEM?
POLICY AMENDMENTS
CAN YOU ASK JUBILEE CAMPAIGN TO REMOVE YOUR DATA?
ABOUT JUBILEE CAMPAIGN
Jubilee Campaign combines effective lobbying with transformational charitable action for Persecuted Families and Children at Risk worldwide.
David Alton MP (now Lord Alton of Liverpool) and Danny Smith launched Jubilee Campaign in Parliament in 1987 after the successful Siberian Seven Campaign. The human rights pressure group helped to set up the All Party Parliamentary Group on Street Children in 1992 and served as its secretariat for over a decade. A charity (Jubilee Action) was established in 1992 and both organisations worked together under the direction of Danny Smith. He now works with Jubilee Campaign after links with Jubilee Action ended in 2009. Jubilee Campaign has consultative status at the United Nations and took advantage of changes in charitable law in the UK and registered as a charity in 2009.
Jubilee Campaign continues long standing partnerships with strategic projects for vulnerable and abandoned children in places such as India and the Philippines, providing direct practical help where it will really make a difference and change more lives.
Here’s further details about Jubilee Campaign:
Postal address PO Box 700 Addlestone Surrey KT15 9BW
Registered address Transport House, Uxbridge House, Middlesex UB10 0LY
Registered charity number 1132442
Company limited by guarantee 02842061
Registered with Information Commissioner’s Office: registration number Z805446X
Registered with HM Revenue and Customs and eligible for Gift Aid payments
Auditors Chhaya Hare Wilson, London
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may have given us your personal information directly when requesting information about a project or campaign, making a donation, getting involved with a campaign and signing a petition, lobbying for one of our campaigns, participating in one of our events. Or contacting us after information about us our campaign was published in newspaper articles, blogs etc.
We can also collect information indirectly. This can be through a donation made to us on third party fundraising sites such as Charities Aid Foundation, Just Giving, Stewardship, Pay Pal, etc. It can be from social media communication channels such as Twitter or Facebook. These organizations will have their own privacy policy, so please do ensure you understand this when providing your data. (You can find their privacy policy below)
https://www.justgiving.com/info/privacy-policy-versions/privacy-policy-v20
https://www.cafonline.org/navigation/footer/privacy
https://www.stewardship.org.uk/privacy/privacy-notice
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE HOLD ON YOU?
The personal data we hold on you is any personal data you have shared with us. This will include any forms you’ve filled in on our website or details that you’ve included when sending a donation for our work after receiving our newsletter. It may also include any contact you have made with us, such as emails or letters or notes that you’ve sent to us. These details will include:
Title
Name
Postal address
Email address
Date of birth (in some cases)
Whether or not you are a UK taxpayer
We hold a record of your communication with us
Our website stores IP addresses
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
These are some of the ways that we use your personal data:
We process your donations and gift aid transactions when you support our work.
We send you information and reports about our campaigns and projects.
We keep you informed about specific campaigns and projects that you have expressed an interest in or supported by sending us a donation.
We document any contact with you to enable us to respond with the most appropriate method of communication.
We do our best to ensure that we have followed your instructions about your chosen preference about our method and frequency of communication with you.
We keep you informed about specific campaigns or projects and invite you to be involved; we send you marketing and fundraising information about our campaigns and projects and invite you to support them; on occasions, we invite you to attend events we have organized.
We keep you updated on any significant changes within our organization or any policies that could affect you.
WHAT LEGAL BASIS DOES JUBILEE CAMPAIGN RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
When processing your personal data, Jubilee Campaign will follow legal guidelines as outlined in the GDPR and use one of the following legal principles:
Consent: We will always seek to obtain your freely given, clear and specific consent before processing your personal data. Our communications and website will have clear instructions of how to withdraw consent or change how we communicate with you.
Necessary for contract: We will need to process personal data if we enter into a contract with you.
Legal obligation: We need to keep certain information that contains personal data such as financial records to comply with our statutory obligations.
Legitimate interest: We may use your personal data to contact you where we believe it is in our legitimate interest to do so and where we are confident that such processing is not likely to prejudice your legitimate interests or rights and freedoms.
An example of this may be to let you know about an event in your area or an activity we think would particularly be of interest to you. You may have registered an interest in a specific campaign or project and we may contact you with an update. If we do contact you on this basis we will offer you the opportunity to request that we do not do so again in the future.
WILL JUBILEE CAMPAIGN SELL OR PASS ON YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO OTHER GROUPS OR ORGANIZATIONS?
Jubilee Campaign has never sold or passed on the personal details of supporters to any other organization or group and never will under any circumstances. Our supporters will never receive any form of communication from other groups as a result of giving personal information to Jubilee Campaign.
We use the information provided by our supporters only for the purposes it was given.
At times, we may share your data with specific entities known as third-party providers in order to fulfill our responsibilities. These third-party entities would provide services to Jubilee Campaign including delivering post, sending emails, processing donations and payments, printing newsletters and sending them out. In such circumstances, only specific information is provided in order for these entities to complete the services they were contracted to do. These are responsible entities who treat your personal data with respect and integrity at all times and will delete it after use. We do not allow these organizations to use information about you for their own purposes.
Some third-party fundraising organizations act on our behalf and while doing so may collect personal data on our behalf as well as for their own use. These organizations include The Charities Aid Foundation, JustGiving, Stewardship, PayPal etc. These organizations have their own privacy policies about data protection which you should be aware of before signing up for their services. You can find their privacy policy below:
https://www.justgiving.com/info/privacy-policy-versions/privacy-policy-v20
https://www.cafonline.org/navigation/footer/privacy
https://www.stewardship.org.uk/privacy/privacy-notice
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
If you use your debit card or credit card to donate to us, we will ensure your payment is processed securely and in accordance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. We use World Pay Merchant Services to process such donations. Their privacy policy is here https://www.worldpay.com/uk/worldpay-privacy-notice We do not store your credit card or debit card details following the completion of your transaction.
We may legally be required to disclose your details if required to by the police or for regulatory reasons. We will only ever share your data in other circumstances if we have your consent to do so.
HOW LONG WILL JUBILEE CAMPAIGN KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will always act in accordance with the law in all our transactions and will follow all regulations required by GDPR regulations regarding the allotted length of time personal data is held. We hold information where it is required or authorized by law e.g. the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) require us to keep financial transaction information for 7 years.
We will keep information securely on our systems for as long as necessary in order to fulfil the particular and relevant activity and when we have your consent to do so. This includes keeping you informed about campaigns and projects that you have expressed an interest in or when you have sent us donations for our campaigns and projects.
WHERE WILL YOUR PERSONAL DATE BE STORED?
The personal data of our supporters is stored by Jubilee Campaign using an effective and secure cloud-based database program with servers that are based in the UK. They have stringent security systems in place and provide detailed data usage agreements to their customers.
Our database is stored on a password-protected computer. Only trained staff who have a specific need to use our database are given access to it; volunteers or outside persons do not have access to our database.
WHY IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA SAFE WITH US?
We are transparent and make marketing consent clear in our communication.
We regularly review our policies and security measures that we have in place to ensure the continued safety of your personal data. As such, we have updated our Privacy Policy and this can be read on our website. A hard copy or digital copy can be requested.
We never sell or share the personal data of our supporters to anyone.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The security of your personal data is very important to us. We know it is important to you as well and we take care to handle and store it as best we can and in line with the new GDPR legislation. We use encrypted https links between our web server and your browser which means that all data passed between you and us cannot be intercepted. We do not store your card details ourselves, but instead utilize SagePay, who are a Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard compliant payment processing provider for all donations or orders placed online and over the phone. All personal data is stored and encrypted in a secure data center based in the United Kingdom. We monitor and check our data security systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DO WE USE THEM?
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by the sites that you visit. Like most other websites, Jubilee Campaign uses cookies to gather information about how you use our site so that we can improve your experience. You can find out more about cookies and how you can delete them from the following sites:
www.allaboutcookies.org     www.aboutcookies.org
POLICY AMENDMENTS
We’ll do our best to let you know of any major changes to our privacy policy, but the most up-to-date version will always be on our website for you to check. Please review this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any amendments that are made.
CAN YOU ASK FOR YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO BE REMOVED FROM JUBILEE CAMPAIGN’S DATABASE?
Yes, absolutely. Your right to have your personal data removed from our database is guaranteed by GDPR legislation. This is also known as the ‘Right to Erasure’. It means that organizations like ours must allow for data to be deleted where practicable on request. You can do this by either (i) opting out by using the option we provide in the relevant direct marketing message (e.g. a newsletter), or (ii) updating your preferences on our website www.jubileecampaign.co.uk (iii) by sending an email to the Data Protection Officer info@jubileecampaign.co.uk
(iv) writing to:
Data Protection Officer
Jubilee Campaign
PO Box 700
Addlestone
Surrey KT15 8BW
Our policy has always been to remove people from our database if they ask us to do so. It would be a waste of our resources for us to spend money sending mail to people who don’t want to receive our newsletters. We only hold personal data of supporters who want to be on our mailing list or if we are required to retain such data for legal or regulatory requirements.
LAST UPDATED JULY 2018
SIGN UP FOR REGULAR UPDATES AND NEWSLETTERS
Subscribe >>
FOLLOW US
HELP OUR MISSION
Give >>
All content © Jubilee Campaign 2017         Privacy Policy