http://www.liveprayer.com/privacy.cfm
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
LivePrayer Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 1, 2018
Our website, mobile applications, and online services and are owned and operated by LivePrayer Church, Inc. We understand that you care deeply about how your information is collected, stored, shared, and used. This Privacy Policy outlines our policies and how we use the information provided to us. By visiting our site, you are accepting, without modification or exception, this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our site. We reserve the right to change the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without further notice. Please reference the Effective Date above to see when changes were last made. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes means that you agree to the new terms. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@liveprayer.com.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND STORED?
Personal Information
We only collect personally identifiable information when you contact us directly, submit information for a ministry service, or otherwise knowingly provide us with your personal information. We may require certain types of information to create and maintain a personal membership account for you or on your behalf. A membership may be required to access certain ministry services such as posting Praise Reports or Testimonials or to receive regular communications such as our Daily Devotional or Daily Bible Reading. LivePrayer does not collect or process any data regarding an individual’s race or ethnic origin, genetic or biometric data, health or mortality, sex life or sexual orientation, political beliefs, or trade union memberships. Any information of this nature which is shared on our Prayer Walls, Praise Reports, or Testimonials is of a completely voluntary nature and is not required by or stored by LivePrayer Church.
Children’s Privacy
We are committed to complying with the guidelines set forth by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. The site is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information on children under the age of 13. If you are the parent or guardian of a child age 13 or under who has provided us with personal information and you would like that information removed, please contact us at info@liveprayer.com.
Non-Personal Information
When you visit the site, we may gather information that does not identify you personally including but not limited to your browser type, mobile device type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the site. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the site, the areas or pages of the site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the site, the number of times you return to the site and other click-stream data. We may generate and view reports regarding demographics and interest in the site. This information is used to analyze and improve the site and to provide our users with a satisfying and relevant experience.
We may use cookies and other available technology to collect Non-Personal Information, remember your preferences and customized settings, facilitate access to the site, and verify access to membership data. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on your browser cache or mobile device for record-keeping purposes. Please be aware that if you reject or block all cookies you may not be able to use certain features of the site or take advantage of all our offerings. Although most browsers accept cookies by default, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies, or to tell you when you're being sent a cookie. Some of the Website features and services may not function properly if you have cookies disabled.
Accessing Your Information
You may request to access, correct or modify personal information you provide to us or direct us to not disclose your information to any third party as long as the information is not required to be retained by law or is necessary for a transaction or service you requested on the site. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup storage). For help accessing or changing your information, please contact us at info@liveprayer.com.
HOW IS INFORMATION USED?
As a visitor to our site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. Some services require that you sign up for a membership or provide personal information. If you choose not to submit personal information to any of our services, we may not be able to provide those services to you. We collect this information to note your preferences, deliver requested content, and enhance your experience on our site. You may opt out of electronically delivered communications at any time through the member settings.
We use non-personal information to help us determine how people use our site to improve functionality and offered services. Sometimes we use third-party agents to perform tasks on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, credit-card processing, fraud protection, etc. These entities only have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions and will be contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personal information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the site.
WHAT INFORMATION IS SHARED WITH OTHERS?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, rent or disclose data about your personal information or your individual visits to the site to any organizations outside of LivePrayer Church without your explicit permission. Personal information necessary for processing credit card payments is provided to Linkpoint and First Data Corporation. (See "HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION KEPT SECURE" below for information on their security processes.)
We may share your personal information with our employees, independent contractors, ministry partners, or service providers to fulfill a product or service request or ensure compliance with our Terms & Conditions. We may also use or disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to applicable laws or comply with legal processes, protect and defend our rights or property, and under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees or partners, the users of the sites or the public.
Please remember that any information you share in public areas of our site, such as prayer walls or feedback sections, becomes public. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you choose to post publically.
Also, the privacy of communication over the Internet cannot be guaranteed because the Internet is not a secure medium. You agree that LivePrayer Church is not responsible for any harm, loss, or damage you may incur by the sending of personal or confidential information over the Internet.
HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION KEPT SECURE?
LivePrayer Church takes commercially reasonable steps to implement appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These steps may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. Unless explicit permission is obtained from you we restrict access to personal information to LivePrayer Church employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. LivePrayer Church is not responsible, however, if unauthorized access to information occurs.
We use third party services to process credit card payments. All sensitive credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database where it is kept confidential. All payments are PCI-DSS compliant. We do not store credit card numbers, expiration dates or verification numbers on our servers at any time. Most browsers will give a visual indication of when your connection is secure. For example, Internet Explorer will show a padlock icon in the lower right of the browser window.
OTHER SITES AND APPLICATIONS
This Privacy Policy applies only to websites or applications owned and operated by LivePrayer Church. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other person, entity, organization, or website to or from which the site is linked. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Be aware of when you leave the site and read the privacy policies of each and every website you visit.
You may be able to access the site or sign into your personal account through a third party application (e.g. Facebook). In allowing access through such an application, we may receive certain information (including personal information) from the third party application and disclose certain information to such third party application. If you access the site or your account from a mobile application, you may provide us with geo-location details. You may prevent this disclosure by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
GOVERNING LAW
This site is published in the United States and is intended for users from the United States. This Privacy Policy shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida excluding its laws relating to conflicts of law. U.S. law shall govern in any and all disputes, including privacy or defamation issues or otherwise.
Enforcement
We periodically review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints regarding privacy issues, it is our policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between us and an individual.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light” Law) permits customers of LivePrayer Church who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@liveprayer.com with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line and in the body of your message. The requested information, if required by law, will be provided to you at your email inbox.
European Union Privacy Rights
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) permit customers of LivePrayer Church who are residents of the European Union to submit a user request (Subject Access Request or SAR) detailing access and processing specifications for any personal data collected, maintained, or shared by the organization. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@liveprayer.com with "GDPR Subject Access Request" in the subject line and in the body of your message. The requested information, if required by law, will be provided to you at your email inbox within thirty (30) days.
CONTACT INFORMATION
All notices to a party shall be in writing and shall be made either via email or conventional mail. Notices to us must be sent to the attention of LivePrayer Website at info@liveprayer.com if by email, or at
LivePrayer Church
6660 46th Avenue North
St. Petersburg, FL 33709
if by conventional mail. Notices to you may be sent to the address supplied by you as part of your registration data. In addition, we may broadcast notices or messages through the site to inform you of changes to the site or other matters of importance, and such broadcasts shall constitute notice to you at the time of sending.
Thank you for visiting LivePrayer.com!