http://www.swuu.org/about-swuu/privacy-policy/
This website is owned and operated by Southwest Unitarian Universalist Church, referred to in this policy as “we”.  We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information.  This privacy policy addresses those concerns.  This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at office@swuu.org, or by calling us at 440-877-1686.
The first principle of Unitarian Universalism is to covenant to affirm and promote the inherent worth and dignity of every person.  We believe that this principle impels us to protect the privacy of visitors.
Statistical Information Collected
We reserve the right to collect anonymous browser metadata of visitors to our site.  Metadata includes, but is not limited to: browser type, operating system version, IP address, country of origin, and referral data.  This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Usage and Disclosure of Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis.  Personal information may include but is not limited to name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.  We do not require this information to access any part of our website.  We do not sell or rent this information to third parties.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by a visitor.  Information required by the Universalist Unitarian Association to register new members of the church will be provided to them only as needed.
Usage of Photos
We believe that usage of photos of SWUU members and events on our website more accurately represents Southwest Unitarian Universalist Church as an entity.  As such, we occasionally include photographs taken by members of church activities on our website and social media presence.
In order to protect the privacy of SWUU members and visitors, we generally do not provide personal identification along with photographs.  In cases where identification is warranted, it will only be included with explicit permission of the person or the parent of the person being photographed.
If you see a photograph of yourself or your child that you prefer not be included on the site, or if you would like to insure that no photo of you or your child is used on the site, feel free to contact us via the information in this document.  We’ll make the necessary arrangements to comply with your request.
All copyrights remain with the original photographer.  Effort will be made to include credit to the photographer if requested by them.
Usage of Names
Occasionally the names of members and visitors may be mentioned on the website or our social media presence.  In order to protect the privacy of these individuals, personally identifiable information such as images, phone number, address, or e-mail, will not be included without explicit permission.  The text [name withheld] will be used where a person’s name would otherwise appear if a request to remove their name is received.
Limit of Liability for Third Party Sites
Our websites or social media presence on third party sites may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Southwest Unitarian Universalist Church.  These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only.  We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their content or privacy policies.  The inclusion of hyperlinks to other websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these websites or any association with their operators.
Additionally, when interacting with our social media presence on third-party sites such as Facebook, Yahoo, Twitter, et. al., this privacy policy does not apply.  In these cases, refer to the Privacy policy of the applicable site instead.
Information Accuracy
SWUU makes every effort to ensure that information on our website and social media presence is correct.  If inaccuracies are present, we will make an effort to correct them in a timely manner.  To report any erroneous information on our site or social media presence, please contact us via the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Website and Social Media Policy
Rev. Meg Mathieson, Minister
Sunday Services, 10:30 AM
6320 Royalton Rd.
North Royalton, OH 44133
Phone: (440) 877-1686
office@swuu.org
Welcome to SouthWest UUUpcoming Services
Visitor Information
Children and Youth
Ministerial Staff
Sermons by Rev. Meg
The Forum Newsletter
Event Calendar
Facebook
Upcoming EventsBuilding Your Own TheologyDecember 11, 7:00 PMSWUU Game Night- cancelledDecember 11, 7:00 PMVirtual Cookie Baking partyDecember 12, 1:00 PMSunday Service and coffee hour(S)December 13, 10:30 AMInsight Meditation GroupDecember 14, 1:30 PMCrossing PathsDecember 14, 7:00 PMUU Local and RegionalUU Congregation of Cleveland
Westshore UUC
UU Church of Akron
UU Church of Kent
Eastshore UU Kirtland Ohio
Ohio-Meadville District
CERG Central East Regional Group
UU OnlineUnitarian Universalist Association
UU Service Committee
UU World Latest News
Church of the Larger Fellowship
Side With Love
UU Humanist Association
Beacon Press Broadside Blog
Return to Top