https://www.lutheran.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Who we are
The Council of Lutheran Churches is a registered charity (No. 232042) and a company limited by guarantee (No. 557552), incorporated in England and Wales. The registered address is 30 Thanet Street, London WC1H 9QH, UK. Our website address is: lutheran.org.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
The Council of Lutheran Churches (CLC) is committed to protecting your online privacy. This policy governs all pages hosted by the CLC.
The CLC uses the information it collects to measure how many people visit the website and how it is being used. Your personal information is collected to send information on the CLC which you have requested or that may be considered to be of interest to you, and to manage online donations.
The type and amount of information received and stored by the CLC depends on how you use the website. Most pages can be accessed without stating any personal information. The CLC does not collect personal information (such as name, address, phone number or Email address) unless that information is voluntarily disclosed. Instances on when personal information requested include the supply of specific services (such as the Newsletter) or in corresponding with you (such as through the Contact Form). Information you supply in this way will not be shared with any third party except where needed to provide a requested service.
The CLC does not distribute, sell or rent used information to anyone. The CLC will not disclose any information identifying you personally, except with your permission or where required by law.
Cookies
Cookies are a small file sent to your computer or mobile device. These files tell us that you have visited our website before. The site sends the cookie and uses the cookie number to recognise you when you return to our website or go from page to page. Only the site that has sent a cookie can read it and use it. This cookie file is stored on your computer or mobile device. All websites can send a cookies to your browser if your browser allows it. This information is used to measure how many people visit the website and how it is being used.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Council of Lutheran Churches
16 Upper Woburn Place, London, WC1H 0AF
enquiries@lutheran.org.uk
Pages
About Us
Board Resources
F&GP Committee
Communication
Contact Us
Ecumenical Relations
Events
Home
Lutheran Churches
Lutherans in Britain
Church Organisation
Detailed History
Lutheran Worship
Reformation 500
The History of Lutherans in Britain
The Luther Rose
What Lutherans Believe
News
News
Policies and Procedures
Privacy Policy
Resource Area
Support for Members
The Psychological Impact of Brexit on Europeans living in the UK
Vacancies
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.