http://www.sci-corp.com/privacy-policy
About Us
About SCI
What We Do
Our People
Corporate Responsibility
Our Brands
History
Board of Directors
Officers
Careers
Job Search
Working at SCI
Why Work at SCI
Scholarships
Professional Growth at SCI
Investors
Investor Overview
Investor News
SEC Filings
Webcasts & Events
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
Annual Meeting
Partner With Us
Partnering with SCI
Former Owner Spotlight
Media
Overview
Media Kit
News Releases
In the News
Dignitymemorial.com
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Service Corporation International and its affiliates and subsidiaries (including regional entities operating under the Dignity Memorial®, Rose Hills®, Neptune Society®, Neptune Cremation Society®, Neptune Cremation Service®, The Neptune Society of Northern California™, National Cremation Society®, National Cremation Service®, Cremation Society of Virginia™, Cremation Society of Pennsylvania™, Trident Society®, All Faiths Cremation Society™, Advantage®, Family Funeral Care®, Funeraria Buxeda®, Funeraria del Angel®, Making Everlasting Memories®, Neptune Memorial Reef®, DignitéMD, First Memorial Funeral Services® and other brands) (“SCI,” “we,” “us”) respect the privacy of our client families and website visitors in a manner that would be expected of a leading provider of funeral, cemetery and cremation related merchandise and services. We value our relationships with existing and prospective customers (“you”), and recognize that an essential element of those relationships is the trust and confidence you place in us to serve you and your family during your time of need.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Personal Information you provide to us or that we obtain on our websites and any mobile applications linking to this Privacy Policy (“Sites”) and to the Personal Information you provide to us or that we obtain from you in person at one of our funeral home or cemetery locations or other locations, by phone, and by mail. This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information that you submit to websites belonging to our business partners or any other third parties or to any Personal Information that our business partners or third parties collect from you through the Sites, even if those third-party websites are linked to our Sites.
Personal Information. “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, or describes, directly or indirectly, a particular individual, such as: name, address, email address, or phone number.
Publicly-Posted Information Is Not Personal Information.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information you post online that is viewable to the public. When you post any information or other content to a public online obituary, guestbook, or memorial using our Sites or when you post information on any SCI social media page, such information and/or other content is viewable to anyone on the Internet and is not Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such public information.
Information We Collect Online
Through the Sites. We may collect and store the following Personal Information when you submit it through our Sites. We may use this information for typical business purposes (including auditing our interactions with our customers or website visitors, for internal reporting purposes, or security and anti-fraud purposes) and as described more specifically below:
Personal Identifiers. We receive personal identifiers that you provide to us (such as your name, phone number, email address, billing address, shipping address, date of birth, and social security number in certain instances) and use them to respond to your requests, to create new member accounts at your request, to fulfill your orders for merchandise and services, or to communicate with you for marketing and informational purposes (you may opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time by using the unsubscribe link located in the email). We will also create a client number when you make a purchase so that we can identify you.
Message Content. We collect the messages you submit to us through contact, sign-up, and purchase forms on the Sites, such as customer service requests, messages you would like us to provide to delivery recipients, and delivery instructions. We use this information to respond to and fulfill your requests, and to improve our Sites and our service and merchandise offerings.
Audio and Visual Information. We receive any digital photographs and audio files you submit through the Sites. We post this information to public areas of the Sites at your direction.
Financial Information. We receive financial information (such as payment card and bank account information) to process payments for merchandise and services you purchase on the Sites. We do not store your payment card information.
Commercial Transaction Information. We collect and generate commercial transaction information (such as records of merchandise and services purchased) when you make purchases on the Sites. We use this information to fulfill your orders, to improve our service and merchandise offerings, to tailor our marketing efforts, and for internal reporting purposes.
Geo-Location Information. Some of the information we collect, such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, may be used to estimate an approximate location of the device you are using to access our Sites in order to enhance and personalize the features and functionality of our Sites, including our mobile applications, and service offerings.
Anonymous or Aggregated Information.
We may de-identify or aggregate data and may use and disclose it for any business purpose.
Inferences Drawn from Personal Information. We may use the information you provide to create a profile about your preferences to offer you products and services in which we think you might be interested.
From Business Partners. We may receive some of the personal identifiers, message content, and commercial transaction information listed above from third-party business partners (such as floral, memorial, or insurance providers) related to your transactions with them that involve us providing you with merchandise or services. The Sites may also permit you to log-in and connect to the Sites with your social media account (such as Facebook), and we collect profile information about you from that social media website that you have made publicly available. We use this profile information for the same purposes as when we receive the information directly from you, as described above.
Cookies and other Automatic Collection through the Sites.
Like many website operators, when you access and use our Sites, we use cookies, log data, and similar technology to automatically record personal identifiers (such as your IP address and device identifiers), information about your device (such as your browser type, locale preferences, and mobile carrier) and information concerning your usage activity on the Sites (such as your interaction with our Sites, the link you used to reach our Sites, and our content and advertising displayed on our Sites and on other websites and online services). We use the data to enable certain features of our Sites, preserve your preferences and customize your experience when you visit and return to the Sites, and to study, enhance and improve the use and capabilities of our Sites, content, and advertising.
A “cookie” is a small data file that we transfer to your browser or mobile device. Most browsers provide controls allowing you to block receipt of cookies, to delete cookies, or to be prompted before cookies are received. Please note that, if you delete or choose not to receive cookies from our Sites, the functionality of the Sites may be impaired. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use third-party advertising services to serve advertisements on our behalf when you visit some of our Sites and other websites, third-party email services to send informational and marketing email to you, and third-party analytics services to help us understand and improve the usage of our Sites and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. In some situations, we permit the companies providing these services to set and access cookies (and use similar data tools, such as “pixel tags” or “web beacons”) through our Sites and our emails, and these companies may collect, for example, your personal identifiers (such as IP address, device and browser identifiers and characteristics, and anonymous identifiers) and information about your device (such as operating system and language preferences) and your usage activity on the Sites (such as your interaction with our Sites, the link you used to reach them, and the content and advertising displayed on them and our content and advertising on other websites and online services) and use this information to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you on our Sites and other non-affiliated websites and/or to provide analytical information for our Sites. Third-party companies also may collect and combine information about your online activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or online services, if those websites and online services also use the same companies. Information about cookies and similar technology placed by third-party companies on our Sites and their related data practices is set forth below.
Cookie Providers
Adroll
COOKIE(S)
_adroll
_adroll_fpc
_adroll_fpc
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
https://www.nextroll.com/privacy
(Partner Listing: https://help.adroll.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004450251-AdRoll-Pixel-Partners)
PURPOSE OF COOKIES
Advertising
Crazy Egg
Cookie(s)
_cfduid
_fbp
_ga
ce_login
ceac
cean
cean_asoc
km_ai
km_lv
km_ni
user_email
user_id
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Web analytics
Facebook
Cookie(s)
act
c_user
datr
fr
locale
presence
sb
spin
wd
xs
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
https://www.facebook.com/policy/cookies/
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Advertising
Google Analytics
Cookie(s)
_utmb
_utmc
_ga
_gat
_gid
GA_XSRF_TOKENS
__utma
__utmz
_ga_X6LMX9VR0Y
_gid
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/rdp/
Opt Out:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Web analytics
Google Tag Manager
Cookie(s)
NID
GTM-XSRF-TOKEN
_ga
gtm_auth
gtm_debug
gtm_preview
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Web analytics
Google/Double Click
Cookie(s)
_utm.gif
_scid
PAIDCONTENT
DSID
IDE
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Advertising
Microsoft Advertising
Cookie(s)
ANON
MUID
MR
NAP
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Advertising
New Relic
Cookie(s)
JSESSIONID
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
https://newrelic.com/privacy
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Web analytics
Pardot
Cookie(s)
_gid
pdType
previewHash
recent_history
visitor_id
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
http://www.pardot.com/company/legal/privacy-policy.html
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Web analytics
Wistia
Cookie(s)
__adroll_fpc
__ar_v4
__distillery
__hssrc
__hstc
__qca
_fbp
_ga
_gid
_sp_id.2b40
_w_session
fs_uid
hubspotutk
INFORMATION ABOUT DATA PRACTICES
https://wistia.com/privacy
PURPOSE FOR COOKIES
Web analytics
We are working towards alignment with self-regulatory advertising principles, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance Principles, which attempt to establish responsible privacy practices for digital advertising. You may learn more about advertising networks and how to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out options of each of those organizations. Links to those sites are here:
Network Advertising Initiative:
Browser Opt-Out: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance:
Browser Opt-Out: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Please remember that when you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see online advertising on the Sites and/or our ads on other websites and online services.
Online Tracking / Do-Not-Track Signals
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not track your website usage activity across non-affiliated websites over time.
Currently, various Internet browsers offer a “Do-Not-Track” option. Because the providers of Do-Not-Track and similar signals do not yet operate according to common, industry-accepted standards, we currently do not respond to those signals. For
more information about Do-Not-Track, please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Information We Collect at our Physical Offices and Other Locations, by Phone, and by Mail
We may collect and store the following Personal Information when you provide it to us at one of our funeral home or cemetery locations, at an informational pre-planning seminar we conduct, over the phone, or by mail. We may use this information for typical business purposes (including reviewing our interactions with our customers or for internal reporting purposes) and as described more specifically below:
Personal Identifiers. We collect and maintain your personal identifiers (e.g., name, address, email address, telephone number, billing address, shipping address, date of birth, insurance policy number, your social security number in certain instances, and your signature) in order to provide you with the products and services you request from us pursuant to the terms of an advance (pre-need) or time-of-death (at-need) funeral or cemetery contract, to provide you with information about our products and services that you request from us, or to communicate with you for marketing and informational purposes (you may opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time by using the unsubscribe link located in the marketing email). If you are the next of kin of record of an at-need or pre-need contract beneficiary, we may collect your information so that we can contact you in order to obtain your authorization (pursuant to state law or company policy) to provide services with regard to your family member or relation and for other point of contact purposes.
Financial Information. We may collect your bank account information, credit-related information such as credit scores and life insurance policy information, or other financial information when we assist with financing your pre-need or at-need contract or when you apply for insurance or other financing. We may collect your financial information from any contract with us that you sign, from processing or administering your financial transactions, and occasionally, from credit reporting or collection agencies.
Medical Information. In connection with insurance applications, we may collect pertinent health condition and medical history of the insured individual to help facilitate a purchase and use of insurance coverage. We may forward the information we collect to the third-party insurance company along with information concerning the related arrangements that you have made with us, so that the insurance company can provide insurance coverage to you.
Commercial Transaction Information. We may collect certain information about your transaction history, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. We may use this information internally to create records of your consuming history for audit purposes and in order to fulfill the terms of pre-need and at-need funeral and cemetery contracts you enter into with us, and as required pursuant to state funeral and cemetery laws regarding cemetery property and products purchased, and insurance and trust-funding laws.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under State or Federal Law. To the extent permissible under applicable law, we may collect your age and gender for purposes of providing insurance and in order to provide you with certain products (including death certificates), and we may collect your ethnicity, religion and veteran status for the purposes of determining your product and service preferences and in order to market products and services we think would be of interest to you.
Audio and Visual Information. At those locations where we employ surveillance cameras in public areas for security purposes, we may collect images of you for security and access control purposes.
Anonymous or Aggregated Information. We sometimes de-identify or aggregate data we receive and may use and disclose it for various business purposes.
Inferences Drawn from Personal Information. We may in some cases use Personal Information you provide to make inferences about your preferences so that we can offer you products and services in which we think you might be interested.
Retention of Personal Information
We only keep information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and as permitted or required by law, such as to comply with recordkeeping and other legal obligations. There may also be residual information that will remain within our backup files, databases, and other records, which will not be removed or changed, except in accordance with retention policies.
Protecting Personal Information
We employ reasonable security measures to secure and protect the information we receive. Please remember, though, that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure.
Disclosure Policy
We may provide affiliates and third parties with the Personal Information we collect (as described above) for our business purposes to assist us in providing products and services to you, including to process transactions, deliver products at your request, or to help us market products and services to you. We also disclose Personal Information as described below:
To Provide, Protect, and Improve Our Sites, Merchandise, and Services. We disclose Personal Information as necessary to operate our business, such as to third-party service providers and affiliates in connection with providing services to you or processing your transactions. For example, we may provide your name, telephone and address information, and a redacted credit card number to vendors, such as a local or online florist and cremation or memorial providers, to complete a transaction you have requested or otherwise at your direction. We require that those providers use Personal Information only for that purpose, and we also require assurances that they will appropriately protect Personal Information entrusted to them. We also may access, preserve, and disclose information if we believe that such action is necessary in our judgment to protect and defend our rights or property, or those of others. For example, we may provide information, including IP address information, to our service providers to protect the Sites, such as for fraud detection purposes.
To Comply with the Law and Legal Process.
We may access, preserve, and disclose information concerning you if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary in our judgment to comply with a legal obligation.
Other Sharing. We may share information as described above under “Information We Collect Online” and “Information We Collect at our Physical Offices and Other Locations, by Phone, and by Mail”, and for other business purposes as otherwise explained in this Privacy Policy.
Sales, Mergers, and Acquisitions. In the event of a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider of one or more funeral home or cemetery locations or other business units (whether by private sale, through operation of law, as part of a divestiture plan, or otherwise), we will provide Personal Information and transaction history associated with each such business unit to the persons and/or entities assuming control of such business unit or as otherwise necessary to complete the transaction as permitted by law or contract. To the extent permissible by law, we will require any such persons and/or entities to treat such Personal Information consistent with the applicable provisions of this Privacy Policy.
You May Share with Social Networking Websites.
The Sites may provide options allowing you to share information with social networking websites, such as Facebook.
Their use of the information you share will be governed by their privacy policies, and we are not responsible for how they treat the information.
Public Disclosure Using Non-Restricted Services. Our Sites make online and voice-recorded Guest Books, Death Notices, Obituaries, Biographies, Photo Galleries, Moving Memories®, other online memorials, location of funeral, cemetery services, and gravesites, and other postings to our public services available for viewing by all our visitors unless the sponsor or host of a service selects a privacy setting that restricts public access (available as an option only on certain services). As stated above, when you post any information or other content to the public areas of the Sites, such information is viewable by the public. This public information may be collected and used by others without your or our knowledge, and the security and other protective provisions of this Privacy Policy do not apply. Also, please keep in mind that publicly posting your user ID or contact information may result in the transmission of unsolicited messages to you from persons and entities over which we have no control. Please exercise caution and good judgment when disclosing any Personal Information to any public services. Note that we cannot be responsible for any online postings by a family member, friend, acquaintance or other person or entity outside of our control. Such activities and the associated postings are also outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
Links
The Sites may contain links to other websites, and other websites may link to the Sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. Whenever you visit another website – via a link from the Sites or otherwise – you should review the privacy policy of that other website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information provided or obtained on our Sites.
No Use by Children Under the Age of 18
The Sites are not intended for use by children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not use our Sites. If a parent or legal guardian posts an entry on behalf of a child under the age of 18 on an online guestbook or other section of the Sites, the parent or legal guardian must indicate that such entry is being made on behalf of the child by the parent or legal guardian. Caution and good judgment should be used in connection with any information provided concerning the child. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 18 years of age. If we believe that any information has been posted by a child under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information. Parents may contact us using the methods set forth below to request that information concerning their child be removed from our Sites.
International Users
We store your Personal Information in our offices and with our service providers in the United States and Canada. While your Personal Information is in the United States, it is subject to United States laws, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies in the United States, pursuant to applicable laws. By providing your information and using the Sites you consent to any transfer and processing in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Rights
Certain jurisdictions impose specific legal requirements and grant privacy rights with respect to Personal Information, and we will comply with restrictions and any requests you submit as required by applicable law. For example, you may have the right to review, correct, and delete Personal Information we have about you, or to consent or withdraw consent to certain uses or sharing of Personal Information. You may be able to use the Sites to access and update the information that you have provided to us through your use of the Sites or otherwise. If you would like to request access to such information or that we update, correct, or delete any such information, please send an email to us at privacy@sci-us.com.
When you make a request, we may require that you provide information and follow procedures so that we can verify your request and your jurisdiction before responding to your request. The verification steps we take may differ depending on your jurisdiction and the request you make. We will match the information that you provide in your request to information we already have on file to verify your identity. If we are able to verify your request, we will process it. If we cannot verify your request, we may ask you for additional information to help us verify your request.
We will respond to your request within the time period required by applicable law. However, we may not always be able to fully comply with your request, and we will notify you in that event.
California Privacy
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California consumers (defined as California residents under the CCPA) have the right to request:
Disclosures about, or access to, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, the specific pieces and categories of Personal Information that we have collected about them in the 12 months preceding the request; the categories of sources of that information; the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information; and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared or sold in the 12 months preceding the request (we do not sell your Personal Information); and
Deletion of the Personal Information we have collected about them, subject to certain exceptions.
California consumers also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if they exercise the rights listed above.
To make a consumer rights request, California consumers may either: i) call us toll free at 1-866-805-9617, ii) submit a request online by clicking here, or iii) make a request in person at one of our funeral homes or cemeteries by completing a paper request form. Consumers will be required to submit their name, contact email address, contact phone number, full permanent address, contract number (if known), a purchase amount and description of a recent purchase (if known) and/or a purchase date, and provide a brief description of their relationship to us (e.g. pre-need or at-need contract purchaser; pre-need contract beneficiary; next of kin/family member; website visitor; other; authorized agent of any of the foregoing) so that we can verify the request.
California law permits California consumers to use an authorized agent to make consumer rights requests on their behalf. If you are an authorized agent of a California resident and are making a request on his or her behalf, you will be asked to provide proof of the California resident’s notarized written authorization (for example a notarized statutory power of attorney) showing that you have been granted the authority to submit a consumer rights request on behalf of the California resident. We will contact you at the contact information in order to request a copy of this document for verification purposes. To the extent that the notarized written authorization provided to us is insufficient, we will contact you for further verification. We may additionally contact the California resident in order to verify his or her identity, and to confirm your authority to make a consumer rights request on his or her behalf, prior to responding directly to you.
We are not currently selling your Personal Information and have not sold your Personal Information since January 1, 2020, the date the CCPA went into effect. We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information (as defined by California Civil Code §1798.83) about you that we collect on the Sites with other people or unaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes.
As explained above, we permit certain companies to place cookies and similar technology on the Sites and in our emails. A list of cookie providers and information about those providers’ related data practices can be found above in the section “Cookies and other Automatic Collection through the Sites.”
Notification of Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Whenever we decide to change this Privacy Policy, notice of the change will be posted on the Sites for a reasonable period of time or provided to you using other means. Nevertheless, you should review the Privacy Policy from time to time to be sure you are aware of the most recent version. Please be assured that we will only use Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information was collected, unless we receive your consent.
How to Contact Us with Questions
Your questions, comments and feedback are very important to us. For privacy-related questions, contact us via email at: privacy@sci-us.com, or write to us at:
Service Corporation International
Data Privacy Office, 10th Floor
1929 Allen Parkway
Houston, Texas 77019
privacy@sci-us.com
Revised January 1, 2020.
© 2020 Service Corporation International. All rights reserved
As used herein, “Service Corporation International” and “SCI” refer to Service Corporation International and its affiliates. SCI may make improvements and/or changes to this website at any time. Although we attempt to periodically update information on this website, the information, materials and services provided on or through this website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. SCI does not undertake any duty to update information on this website, and we will not be liable for any failure to update such information.