https://www.bettzedek.org/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Main Menu
Our Challenge
Our Services
Justice for Seniors
Justice for Workers
Rapid Response
Resources
Our Impact
Our Team
Professional Staff
Board
President’s Council
Bet Tzedek New Leadership Council
Careers
Privacy Policy
Bet Tzedek – The House of Justice – is committed to protecting your privacy online. This privacy policy explains the practices we use. If you have questions that are not covered here, please contact us at: info@bettzedek.org.
Bet Tzedek contracts with an outside provider to help maintain our e-mail and electronic newsletter lists. This provider may use cookies or other means to collect personal information about visitors to our website to facilitate these communications. Cookies are small data files that can be placed on a user’s computer by a web server. We ask for certain information, like city and zip code and your areas of interest, to help us provide the information that is most relevant to you. Bet Tzedek does not otherwise use cookies or other means to collect personal information.
Because Bet Tzedek’s website contains links to other sites, there is a possibility that those sites may use cookies to collect a visitor’s personal information. We cannot control the use of cookies by sites linked to our site and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other sites.
Our site contains pages where you can make a donation to support Bet Tzedek or purchase one of our publications using a credit card. We use a secure server to process these transactions so your credit card number and other personal information will be encrypted and will remain confidential. Our site also contains pages where you can join our e-mail newsletter.
From time to time, we may send you materials by U.S. Postal Service mail when we think they may be of interest to you. However, if you do not wish to receive materials by U.S. mail, you can let us know by checking off a box at the end of our sign-up forms.
We never provide or sell our lists for commercial purposes.
At any time, you can contact us if you need to correct your information or want to be removed from any of our lists.
This policy may be updated as industry practices change and develop. We invite you to check back here or contact us at any time to obtain updates.
Bet Tzedek Legal Services
3250 Wilshire Blvd., 13th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90010
(323) 939-0506
info@bettzedek.org
webmaster@bettzedek.org
Be Part of the Solution
Join Bet Tzedek in its work - there are endless ways for you to contribute. Find one that’s right for you and get involved today.
Donate
Volunteer
Special Events
Cy Pres