https://www.ysmen.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice (public domain) www.ysmen.org
Geneva, July 2018
The website “www.ysmen.org” is a service of the International Association of Y’s Men’s Clubs, (hereinafter “International Association of Y’s Men’s Clubs”, “we” or “us”).
This privacy policy governs the privacy-related rights and obligations of us as a controller and visitors of the publicly accessible area of our website “www.ysmen.org”.
Data protection and data security are a top priority for us. We adhere strictly to the applicable data protection laws in Switzerland. We protect all data using the highest confidentiality and security standards. We deploy technical and organisational security measures to protect personal data adequately against unauthorised access, manipulation, loss and destruction and review these measures on a regular basis.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before you use our site and services. This Privacy Notice does not apply to websites of third party providers which can be accessed through the International Association of Y’s Men’s Clubs Website. The International Association of Y’s Men’s Clubs has no influence on how these companies comply with data protection requirements.
1 Data Processing
1.2 General
The term “data processing” includes all steps in the handling of personal data from the collection to storage and use to deletion. We process personal data of the visitors in connection with different processes for different purposes. For details on data, purposes, legal bases, possible disclosure and recipients, please refer to the following.
1.3 Technical provision of the Website
The IP addresses of users, the web pages visited, the date and time and the browser software used are recorded automatically when users access our website, in order to be able to identify and defend ourselves from unauthorised and abusive website usage. The stored data may be used in the course of a criminal procedure for the identification of and in civil and/or criminal proceedings against the responsible persons.
1.4 Cookies
On our web pages we use cookies. These are small text files that are stored on the visitor’s device. Cookies record how our website is used and enable us to analyse, manage, develop and improve our services.
Visitors can use personal browser settings to decide whether to accept or disable cookies or other tracking technologies, or to warn them against the use of these technologies. For more information, please use the help function of your browser. Disabling or disabling such features may limit or exclude your use of our website.
1.5 Google Analytics
On our website we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Cookies are saved on website visitors’ computers which allow an analysis of the visitors’ use of the Website.
The information generated by the cookie about the use of the public part of our website is, as a rule, transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. We use the service on our website with activated IP anonymisation. This means that on our website, your IP address is shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and therefore anonymised. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide further services related to the use of the website and the Internet to us as operator of the website.
The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. However, some features of our website may not work if the use of cookies is disabled.
In addition, the collection of data generated by the cookies and related to the use of the website (including the IP address of the visitor) to Google and the processing of this data by Google can be prevented by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link : http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
1.6 Google Captcha
To protect orders you send to us by an online form, we use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. (Google).
Users may be asked to prove that they are a human user and not an automated, computerised process that is abusing the form provided. The reCAPTCHA service involves the user’s IP address and (potentially) other items of data required being sent to Google. Your reCAPTCHA input will be sent to Google, where it will be processed. If IP address anonymisation has been activated for this website, however, Google will shorten your IP address beforehand within EU member states or other states that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information in order to assess your reCAPTCHA response. The IP address sent by your browser as part of the reCAPTCHA service will not be aggregated with other data held by Google. These other items of data are covered instead by Google’s separate privacy policy.
For further information about Google’s privacy policy, see: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
1.7 Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a system by which marketers can administer website tags using an interface. The Tool Tag Manager itself, which implements the tags, is a cookie-free domain and collects no personal data itself. The tool enables the release of other tags that may be able to collect data on their own. Google Tag Manager does not access these data. If a deactivation is undertaken at the domain or cookie level, it remains in force for all the tracking tags that have been implemented with the Google Tag Manager.
1.8 Youtube Plug-In
Videos of the company YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, a company of Google Inc., Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, are embedded on www.ysmen.org.
Embedding videos is deployed under the option provided by YouTube “privacy-enhanced mode”.
When visitors visit a page which has an embedded video, a connection is made to the YouTube servers and the content is displayed on the website by communication to the browser of the visitor.
According to YouTube, the “privacy-enhanced mode” will only send data to the YouTube server, in particular which web pages visitors visited, when the visitor views the video. If visitors are logged into YouTube at the same time, this information will be assigned to the visitor’s YouTube account.
More information about YouTube data handling can be found at the following link: https://www.google.ch/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
1.9 Google Maps
On our website, we use Google Maps API, a map service from Google to display an interactive map and create journey descriptions.
By using Google Maps, information about your use of this website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may transfer the information obtained from Maps to third parties if required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google.
Google will never associate your IP address with other Google data. Nevertheless, it would be technically possible that Google could make an identification of at least individual users on the basis of the data received. It is possible that Google’s personal information and personality profiles could be processed by Google’s users for other purposes that we cannot and do not have influence on.
Google’s Privacy Policy & additional Google Maps Terms of Service can be found at https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/help/terms_maps.html.
1.10 Contact form
At www.ysmen.org, visitors have the possibility to contact us via a contact form. To this end, it is necessary that the visitors submit their personal data to us.
The personal data provided by you via online form are processed for being able to personally address you, for forwarding to the correct contact person as well as for processing and responding to the request. Any further processing will only take place with your express consent.
1.11 Donations
At www.ysmen.org, visitors have the possibility to make donations for different purposes. For donations visitors may complete an online form and submit their personal data to us, including transaction information such as credit card number and bank account. For your protection such information is collected and processed through encrypted means. We share such information only with our service providers as necessary to complete the transaction. We do not share, sell, trade or otherwise make available a donor’s personal data with any other organization (except where required to do so by law). We may publish the names of donors of donation exceeding a designated amount in our annual report.
1.12 Sharing data with third parties
As a rule we do not share your data, in particular contact details provided by you, with third parties. Data or contact details of website visitors will only be disclosed to third parties if the data is public data, if this is necessary in connection with the use or provision of our services, or if this is done in order to comply with legal obligations or official requirements or this is otherwise legally permitted.
2 Rights of the data subjects
As a data subject, you can make use of the following rights. To claim these rights, please contact us at the below stated address.
2.2 Information
You have a right to request access to personal data processed by us. We will provide prompt information about the data processed, including available details of the origin of the data, the purpose as well as the categories of processed personal data, those involved in the collection and the recipients of the data and further information as required by applicable law.
2.3 Correction and deletion
Website visitors have the right to have personal data concerning him or her rectified.
Upon request, all personal data of a website visitor shall be deleted, unless such deletion is not possible due to a legal or contractual duty of retention.
Anonymised data of members will continue to be held in our database and processed for statistical and analytical purposes.
3 Security notice
For the secure transmission of information, we provide an encrypted upload option for visitors on our website. We cannot guarantee confidentiality for transmissions by other means (e.g. by email). The internet, websites and the electronic transmission of data are considered fundamentally insecure with regard to confidentiality and data security. Unauthorised third parties may be able to access information that is exchanged through the above channels, and data can be damaged or changed in content. We assume no liability for the security of data transmitted electronically.
4 Consent and Changes to the data privacy policy
By visiting our website and using our services, you agree to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this Data Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time. The current version of the Privacy Notice published on the website www.ysmen.org.
5 Contact
Please direct any questions to ihq@ysmen.org or to:
International Association of Y’s Men’s Clubs
Avenue Sainte Clotilde 9
1205 Geneva
Switzerland