https://www.gsfb.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Donate
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Good Shepherd Food Bank website.
The protection of your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Information Collection and Use
Because this site accepts online donations, certain personally identifiable information is collected. The types of information we collect include names, addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers and credit card information. We may also collect other non-personally identifiable information about your computer such as the type of browser you are using or the domain name of your Internet Service Provider. The Food Bank is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
How we use the information we collect
The personally identifiable information collected by the Food Bank site is used to fulfill online donations. We may also use this information to send users further details about the Food Bank and its upcoming events, programs and projects. Non-personally identifiable information may be used in aggregate form to analyze the usage of our site and improve site design and interface. This information that we collect will not be disclosed to third parties unless in response to a legal claim or law enforcement agency’s request.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. They enable us to provide a more seamless experience for our users. For example, by setting a cookie for our site, the user would not have to log in with a password more than once, thereby saving time while navigating our site. If a user rejects the cookie, there may be areas of our site that are restricted. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience of our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. The Food Bank is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
E-Mail and postal mail from the Food Bank
Registered users are automatically subscribed to our e-mail and U.S. Postal mail newsletters that contain promotional information unless they opt-out during the registration process. Users can also unsubscribe or cancel reception of promotional information by contacting us in one of the following ways:
Send e-mail  to: feedback@gsfb.org.
Call Julie McQuillan at (207) 782-3554 x1142
Security
This website has made commercially reasonable efforts to protect our users’ information with appropriate physical and electronic procedures to prevent unauthorized access both online and off-line. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Feedback
Users may provide feedback to the Food Bank by sending an e-mail to: feedback@gsfb.org. Any contact information entered when providing feedback will only be used to acknowledge or respond to that feedback.
Correcting or accessing personal information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as e-mail address or ZIP code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. Personal information may be updated by contacting us in one of the following ways:
Send e-mail to: feedback@gsfb.org.
Call Julie McQuillan at (207) 782-3554 x1142
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will make those changes on this page and post a notification for a suitable period of time on our homepage. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information is collected.
Urgent Request: We need your help for our COVID-19 response.
Give Now.