http://www.catholic.org.au/website-policies/website-privacy-policy
SearchSearch
News
Media Centre
×
Media Blog
Latest News
November 2020 Bishops Plenary Report
New
New national Catholic safeguarding agency established
Popular
Catholic leaders thank Implementation Advisory Group members
Popular
menu
Home
About
Structure
Catholic Church in Australia
Bishops Conference
General Secretariat
Communications Office
Public Policy Office
Safeguarding Commitment
ACBC Privacy
Website policies
Positions Vacant
Dioceses
Bishops
Religious
Lay Organisations
Bishops
Bishops of Australia
Conference and President
Permanent Committee
Commissions
Commission Membership
Plenary meetings
Ad Limina
Statements
Organisations
Commissions
Advisory Bodies
Secretariats
Agencies
Formal liaison with ACBC
Cooperating with ACBC
Dioceses
NSW & ACT
QLD
SA & NT
VIC & TAS
WA
Non-geographical Dioceses
Provincial Organisations
Religious
Links
Commissions
Catholic Education
Christian Unity and Inter-religious Dialogue
Evangelisation, Laity and Ministry
Life, Family and Public Engagement
Liturgy
Plenary Council
Relations with ATSI Peoples
Social Justice, Mission and Service
Canon Law
Doctrine and Morals
Media
Media Centre
Media Blog
Media Releases
Media Contacts
Social Networking Policy
Downloads
Plenary Meeting
Ad Limina
All Downloads
Film Reviews
Film Reviews 2020
Film Reviews 2019
Film Reviews 2018
Film Reviews 2017
Film Reviews 2016
Film Reviews 2015
Film Reviews 2014
All Film Reviews
Links
General Links
Dioceses
Parishes
Media
Education
Religious Organisations
Lay Organisations
Other Religion Links
Shop
Other ACBC Outlets
Calendar
Calendar
Contact
You are here:
Empty
Print
Email
Details
Welcome to our website. Because we respect your privacy, we would like you to know about how we collect and use information on it.
Throughout this policy, we refer to “personal information”. This is any information where your identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained. We would like to assure you that we do not collect your personal information unless you give us permission to do so, such as via a web form.
Scope
The purpose of our website is to provide you with information about our agency, respond to your enquiries and provide you the opportunity to acquire a service or product.
Personal information
If you fill in a form on our website, we will collect the email address and any other details, such as your name, which may be required in order to submit the form. We will also retain a record of your enquiry.
If you provide us with sensitive information, such as your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs or affiliations, we will handle that information in accordance with the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference Privacy Policy.
How we deal with complaints and requests
If you wish to know what personal information we hold about you in order to ensure it is accurate or complete, please contact us.
Please note that if you contact us to obtain access to your personal information, we may ask for evidence of your identity to protect the privacy of others.
If you wish to contact us, please do so by using either the contact form or telephone number on this website or write to us via the address provided on our website. We will endeavour to respond to you within fourteen days. If your enquiry is a complaint, this may take a little longer to resolve. Regardless, we will respond to you within fourteen days to advise you of the action we are taking to resolve it.
How we protect your personal information
Our website is hosted in Australia only in secure facilities that host high profile customers and have a high standard of compliance. In order to secure the personal information we hold on our websites about you, we collect this information and store it securely and we have safeguards in place to protect it.
All of our workers are trained in the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. Your personal information is only accessible to workers who are responsible for our websites or providing information, services or products to you.
Website analytics
A standard part of websites these days is the 'cookie', which helps to improve the experience of visitors. A cookie is a small text file. From time to time, we may use them, in which case when you visit our website, they will be placed on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. If you do not want a cookie loaded onto your computer, you can adjust the settings in your web browser to block it. You can also clean the cache on your web browser at any time to remove cookies from your computer. If you do this, please be aware that some functionality of our website may not work.
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for these websites, and do not have any control over their compliance with the privacy practices we lay out in our policy. If you visit them, you do so at your own risk.
To improve your experience of using our website, we use Google Analytics to observe the traffic to our site. This service transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. No personally identifiable information (including your IP address) is obtained by Google Analytics.
By using this website, you consent to us collecting and analysing the data in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy- external site and in the manner and for the purpose as described above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google- external site.
We may also use social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to "like" or "share" information from this website through these services, you should become familiar with their privacy policies. If you have an account with a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to our website with other personal information.
Our obligations
Our agency is part of the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference, which is bound by the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)- external site, including the Australian Privacy Principles- external site.
Contact us
lf you have any queries about this policy or wish to make a complaint about the manner in which the ACBC or one of its agencies or organisations has handled your personal information, in the first instance please contact:
The Australian Catholic Bishops ConferenceGeneral SecretaryGPO Box 368Canberra ACT 2601
August 2015
Online and off line payment options Major credit cards accepted
GPO Box 368Canberra ACT 2601 Australia
1300 4FAITH (1300 432 484)Catholic Enquiry Centre
Website Privacy Policy
Digital Technology Office
Delivery, Returns and Refund Policy
Back to top