https://www.johnweir.co.uk/pages/privacy_policy.php
MENU
Funerals
Traditional
Simple
Alternative
Direct
Coffins
Veneered
Solid Wood
Eco Friendly
Bespoke
Childrens
Caskets
Veneered
Solid Wood
Bespoke
Funeral Finance
Funeral Plans
Planning Ahead
Independent Plan
Standard Way
Select Way
Premiere Way
Golden Charter Plans
Services
Legal/Practical Support
Bereavement Support
Memorial Consultants
Vehicle Fleet
Horse Drawn Hearse
Remembrance
General
Code of Practice
Register a Death
Social Security
F.A.Q.
Brochure
Useful Links
Privacy Policy
Obituaries
Floral Tributes
Terms
Contact
GENERAL HELP
Privacy Policy
John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd is committed to taking all necessary steps and precautions to protect your private information when transmitted through our website. The website is secured with an SSL Certificate of protection. All data is encrypted when sent through the website so your information remains safe from hackers and those who attempt to exploit personal and private information online.
1. Scope
1.1 All data subjects whose personal data is collected, in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation.
2. Responsibilities
2.1 John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd is responsible for ensuring that this notice is made available to data subjects prior to John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd collecting/processing their personal data.
2.2 All Employees of John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd who interact with data subjects are responsible for ensuring that this notice is drawn to the data subject’s attention and their consent to the processing of their data is secured.
3. Privacy notice
3.1 Who are we?
John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd is a well-established, family owned and run funeral directors, with offices located in Rainham, Gillingham, Chatham and Parkwood in the Medway Towns, Kent. Registered in England and Wales no 8906218; registered office:
130-132 High Street,
Rainham, Gillingham,
Kent ME8 8AR
We are registered as a data controller with the information commissioner with registration number ZA314867.
The personal data we would like to record and
process on you is:
Personal data type:Funeral Arrangements
NameFuneral Arrangements
AddressFuneral Arrangements
PhoneFuneral Arrangements
Email(s)Funeral Arrangements
Relationsp to deceasedFuneral Arrangements
Date of BirthFuneral Arrangements
Video footage of visitors to our officesCCTV cameras
The personal data we collect will be used for the following purposes:
To reply to enquiries about our services.
For the professional fulfilment of the funeral service as instructed by you including working with third parties on your behalf.
For the account and full payment of the funeral service.
For your pre-paid funeral plan if applicable and instructed by you.
To request feedback on our services and performance.
We keep details of funerals on file so we have a record for future reference; e.g. if the family gets in touch in the future and asks for a similar funeral.
We use Closed Circuit TV for security purposes in our car parks, entrance and reception areas.
Our legal basis for processing for the personal data:
Taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Performance of the contract to provide funeral services as instructed by you.
Our legitimate interests in confirming our clients will be able to pay for our services.
Our legitimate interests in ensuring client satisfaction and improving our services.
Our legitimate interests in being able to provide a similar funeral to a previous one on request by the family without having to ask too many questions at a difficult time for the family.
Our legitimate interests in maintaining security at our premises, especially for the human remains in our care.
Any legitimate interests pursued by us, or third parties we use, are as follows:
To share your data from your original enquiry made to us either by phone, online website form, email, paper letter or in person, or a third-party source, with our colleagues in order to assist you with a funeral enquiry including the removal of the deceased.
To store your data along with the deceased information on our Osiris system indefinitely in case of future historical reference to funeral details is required.
To contact you by phone, email and paper communications to be able to make all the necessary funeral arrangements on your behalf.
To visit you if you instruct us to your home address or mutually convenient place in order to make the funeral arrangements.
If funeral arrangements are made in person at one of our branches, CCTV of you is in operation for security purposes and we will keep these recordings indefinitely in case of future security breaches.
To pass on your details to our third-party suppliers; including if applicable the crematorium or cemetery, minister or celebrant, doctors, florist, musician, venues, newspaper in the case of an obituary, online memorial site in the case of an online memorial being set up, vehicle hire company, freelancers, catering venues, etc.
To contact you after the funeral has taken place to ask for feedback either in the form of an online review.
To pass on your details to Golden Charter if you apply for a pre-paid Golden Charter Plan or make a pre-pad funeral plan enquiry.
To keep the full details until the account has been paid in full. Thereafter, all relevant paper documents retained will be kept under lock and key and an electronic copy in our Osiris system on our secure server.
To pass on your details to our debt collection agency if the payment terms are not met.
To contact you to make arrangements for return of the deceased's cremated remains to you or as instructed by you elsewhere.
3.2 Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified.
Consent is required for John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd to process both types of personal data, but it must be explicitly given. Where we are asking you for sensitive personal data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used.
You may withdraw consent at any time by contacting us to update your preferences.
3.3 Disclosure
John Weir Funeral Directors will not pass on your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your consent. The following third parties may receive your personal data for the following purpose(s):
Doctor(s) if medical certification is required/applicable.
An embalmer for the deceased if required/applicable.
Local crematorium for the purpose of organising cremation of the deceased.
Local cemetery for the purpose of organising burial of the deceased.
A nominated minister or celebrant for the purpose of arranging details of the funeral service.
A local musician for the purpose of liaising with you for your musical choices for the funeral service.
A florist(s) for the purpose of arranging the flowers for the funeral service.
A caterer for the purpose of arranging the details of the funeral reception.
A vehicle hire company or transportation agency.
A printer or designer if creating the funeral service sheets.
Funeralzone memorial site if providing an online tribute page for the deceased.
Golden Charter if an application or enquiry for a pre-paid funeral plan is made.
3.4 Retention period
John Weir Funeral Director Ltd will process personal for as long as is necessary to allow us to fulfil your funeral services from here all documents will be retained for 1 year with the necessary personal data for all relevant paper documents retained will be kept under lock and key and an electronic copy in our Osiris system on our secure server. CCTV images are retained for 2 weeks prior to recording.
3.5 Telephone recordings
John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd may record telephones calls for legitimate business interest. Upon calling one of our branches callers are greeted with a recorded message explaining that calls are recorded of quality assurance purposes, therefore making the client aware and from here the client if happy with the knowledge that they are being recorded can continue with the call therefore giving consent.
During telephone calls John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd obtain the necessary details to fulfil the clients wishes which are then recorded in paper form or on our Osiris client record system which is digital (further details of this are within this privacy policy). When a clients banking details are submitting over the telephone for payment the call recording is paused and no data is kept. All other calls are kept for a retention period of 12 months and are then deleted from the computer storage system.
3.6 Your rights as a data subject
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access - you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined in clause 3.6 below.
All of the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved (as stated in 3.3 above) in the processing of your personal data.
7. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd (or third parties as described in 3.3 above), or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Supervisory authority contact details:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire SK9 5AF
Email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Telephone: 0303 123 1113
John Weir Funeral Directors contact details:
Mr John Weir
130-132 High Street
Rainham
Gillingham
Kent ME8 8AR
Email: john@johnweir.co.uk
Telephone: 01634 373111
Online privacy statement
Personal data
Under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
'any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person'.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you how we, John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd will collect and use your personal data for provision of services, cookies, complaints etc.
Why does John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to provide you with a complete funeral service we need to collect personal data for fulfilment of the contract and any related correspondence. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
In terms of being contacted for marketing purposes John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd would contact you for separate consent.
Will Organisation Name share my personal data with anyone else?
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide on behalf of John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd’s procedures. If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
How will John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd use the personal data it collects about me?
John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavor to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Under what circumstances will John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
OFFICES
Rainham
130-132 High Street,
Rainham,
Kent ME8 8AR
01634 373111
Gillingham
127 Watling Street,
Gillingham,
Kent ME7 2YY
01634 855558
Chatham
25 New Road,
Chatham,
Kent ME4 4QJ
01634 408777
Parkwood
31 Parkwood Green,
Rainham,
Kent ME8 9PW
01634 386999
Should you wish to speak with a representative directly please call one of our offices to discuss your query.
Services Options
Monumental Masonry
Vehicle Fleet
Horse Drawn Hearse
Remembrance Service
Enquire Now
Please contact us on 01634 373111 or complete the enquiry form below and we will get back to you.
We will treat your personal information with care and confidentiality in line with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) or any other legislation enforced. We shall not share your information with 3rd party organisations without your permission or without legitimate business interest.
Sending your message....
We are members of:
©John Weir Funeral Directors Ltd 2020
Registered in England and Wales no 8906218; registered office: 130-132 High Street, Rainham, Gillingham, Kent ME8 8AR
X