http://www.pdcnet.org/wp/about/privacy
Keeping Your Personal Information Secure
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority for us, and we do our best to ensure that your personal information is always handled in a safe and responsible manner. This page explains what information we collect and what we do with it.
What is the personal information that we collect?
We collect information that can be used to identify, contact, or locate you including your name, shipping address, billing address, phone number, and email address.
Why do we collect personal information?
We collect your personal information in an effort to provide you with quality customer service and to 	administer our business. It allows us to provide you with easy and consistent access to our products, including	your journal or membership benefit.
With whom do we share your personal information?
We are a publisher and service provider for several membership organizations and journal publishers. If you have joined or subscribed to one of these, then we will provide them with only the information necessary to support your subscription or membership. This information usually includes your name and e-mail address as well as the membership level or dollar amount of your order. Some organizations collect information about the interests of their members; we will do this for them if asked. Some post selected contact information for members in a directory or will allow use of mailing lists to send you conference announcements and special offers for related publications.
How do we secure your personal information?
We use several security methods, including physical, technical, and procedural measures, to help safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure. In addition, we use industry-standard technology, such as firewalls and encryption in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information, designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information, and, as technology develops, we will take additional measures to maintain and improve security.
How do we respect your choices about your personal information?
We offer four levels of privacy preferences for you to choose from. Once you have become a customer of the PDC, you may change your preference setting at any time by logging in through the “renew here” button. Options are:
a. – Include my contact information in my organization’s directory and/or listserv and you may send me offers directly related to my field of interest.
b. – Include my contact information in my organization’s directory and/or listserv, but do not send me any related offers other than renewal notices.
c. – Do not use any of my contact information in my organization’s directory or listserv and do not send me any related offers other than renewal notices.
d. – Do not post any of my contact information and do not contact me for any reason including renewal offers. (If you select this level, you will not be listed as an active member of the organization.)