https://www.mmlondon.co.uk/privacy-policy/
mail@mmlondon.co.uk
Become a Member
Become a Volunteer
Shop
Donation
My Account
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At Maharashtra Mandal London we are committed to protecting your personal information. We take reasonable care to ensuring we use your personal data in accordance with all applicable laws, notably the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
We believe in being transparent regarding what we do with your data and will never utilise or process it in a way that we believe you would not reasonably expect.  This Privacy Notice informs you of how we will process your Personal Data.
Maharashtra Mandal London (MML) is a registered charity (Charity No. 243443) whose registered address is at 306 Dollis Hill Road, London NW2 6HN.
Maharashtra Mandal (UK) Limited (MMUK) is a company limited by guarantee (company No. 06038553) and a registered charity (Charity No 1135224) whose registered address is at 306 Dollis Hill Road, London NW2 6HN. The company is controlled by MML, primarily used in relation to building rental as a venue.
MML is the “data controller” for the purposes of this policy, and the policy extends to its office bearers, trustees, volunteers and anyone else processing data on our behalf from time to time.
Your information may be used by MMUK, especially in relation to building rental as a venue.  This privacy notice also relates to MMUK.
If you have any questions, or for more information regarding how your data is used, please contact us. Details of how to contact us can be found below in the “contact information” section of this notice.
The information we collect and how we use it
The legal basis for processing your personal data is that we have a legitimate interest in doing so. The legitimate interest being pursued is that as a community organisation we need to hold a certain amount of personal data relating to our members or visitors to communicate with them and manage their membership.
In using and attending our events or services you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Notice.
We collect information about you directly from you and your family.  This is primarily done via application forms (for example membership application forms and event booking forms) and emails.
On some occasions, we may add information about you when received from another visitor/member of the Mandal, a family member, or a third party where it is relevant, and we have confidence it is accurate.   This typically happens when someone else is registering another guest for an event or using a third-party website and you have given your consent to them.  We may combine information that we already have about you with information available publicly from external sources to gain a better understanding of you.  This may include social media sites.
If you provide information for another person, you need to first ensure they agree for you to do so and be clear about what information you will provide.  You must inform them of where they can find our Privacy Notice.
We may collect and process following data about you:
Personal information including name, gender, contact details, date of birth, family members
Email addresses on MML mailing lists:
Membership details including date of joining, rate of membership
Financial information including bank details, all monies paid/donated, direct debit mandates, gift aid declarations
Information relating to your attendance at activities /events you have attended
Any notes placed on hall booking form including price confirmations, specific instructions relating to the hall booking
Details of educations, sports achievements, work experience etc relating to the scholarship, felicitation or volunteering applicants.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To inform the membership and friends of MML of home events such as Ganeshotsav
To manage our relationship with you, including administering membership records;
To inform you of news, activities and upcoming events run by us
To inform you about upcoming events run by third parties that we deem may be of interest
To ask you to take part in community activities
To meet welfare needs
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid forms)
To manage our volunteers and office bearers
For general promotional and marketing materials and activities
For market research purposes and to monitor and improve our service to you
As otherwise permitted or required by any applicable law or regulation
To perform the contract to hire the MML Hall
To process grant, felicitation or volunteering application
We may contact you be email, letter, via social media, phone, text message or WhatsApp.
If there are any changes to your Personal Data, or if you become aware that we have inaccurate Personal Data relating to you, please contact us immediately.  We cannot be responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete Personal Data that you have provided us.
A limited number of members of MML, who have responsibility for an event or activity, may have access to your data and may contact you.  They will only use your data for the limited purpose of their volunteering role.
To help us communicate with you and to store data cost-effectively we use various third-party solutions such as MailChimp, Dropbox. MailChimp, Dropbox are data processors for MML and only process personal information in line with our instructions. For more information please see Dropbox’s Privacy Policy or MailChimp’s Privacy Policy.
Sharing your personal data:
When we use your personal information in the ways described above, we may need to share it with other organisations as detailed below:
HM Revenue & Customs or other lawful authorities;
Our agents, service providers, contractors and others involved in running Mandal’s events and activities;
Banks and other debit/credit card providers when managing payments or refunds.
We will never sell your personal information to third parties.
How long do we keep your personal data?
Gift aid declaration and associated paperwork will be retained for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate.
Details recording events that occurred at the MML and of those felicitated or honoured will be retained indefinitely as they form part of the MML history.
We typically hold most information (but not all) indefinitely, unless requested otherwise. This includes information of over 18-year olds that do not join the MML on reaching the age of 18, unless requested otherwise.  This is so as we can continue to offer you services that may be of interest to you and so we can help you in the future if you choose to re-join or request a specific part of information from us.
Internet
Whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Our Website use cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Website and allows us to improve them.
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website. In addition, if you link to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party and recommend that you check the policy of that third-party site.
We may upload photographs of our events and members to our website and social media profiles.  These can be removed upon request.
We do not accept responsibility for the protection of any data publicly included on our website and on social media sites
Your rights
Subject to certain conditions and limitations set out under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which MML holds about you;
The right to request that MML corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request that your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary MML to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time;
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable);
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. Such information will generally be provided within one month of the request.
MML has the right to make a reasonable charge to you for processing any unfounded, repeated, duplicate or excessive requests and to ask you to prove your identity by providing us with a copy of a valid means of identification for us to comply with our security obligations and to prevent unauthorised disclosure of data.
Changes to our privacy notice
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time. We will notify you of the changes where required by law to do so.
Last updated: 22nd May 2018
Contact information
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise any of the rights detailed above, please contact us at president@mmlondon.co.uk
Complaints
We seek to resolve directly all complaints about how we handle your personal information, but you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at
Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshire SK9 5AF
Telephone – 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745
Website: https://ico.org.uk/concerns
We would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.