https://www.legalinternetmarketing.com/privacy-policy.html
Home Privacy Policy
Collection of Data
Our site uses technologies of third-party partners such as NextRoll and Google Ads to help us recognize your device and understand how you use our site so that we can improve our services to reflect your interests and serve you advertisements about the services that are likely to be of more interest to you. Specifically, NextRoll/Google collect information about your activity on our site to enable us to:
measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on our site;
show advertisements for our services to you on third-party sites;
measure and analyze the performance of our advertising campaigns;
Cross-Device
We may share data, such as hashed email derived from emails or other online identifiers collected on our site with our advertising partners. This allows our partners to recognize and deliver you ads across devices and browsers. To read more about the technologies used by our partner and their cross device capabilities please refer to NextRoll’s Privacy Notice.
Opting-Out
Our partners may use non-cookie technologies that may not be impacted by browser settings that block cookies. Your browser may not permit you to block such technologies. For this reason you can use the following third party tools to decline the collection and use of information for the purpose of serving you interest based advertising:
The NAI’s opt-out platform: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
Do You Want to Be #1?
Message
* Anti-spam question:
From Our Blog
Do Meta Tags Still Matter for SEO?
If you have ever talked with an SEO expert at length, you very likely heard about the meta descriptions on your website. While these may seem complicated, mysterious, or even magical, they are
…
How to Use Color as a Tool
It is no secret that all colors have their own unique psychological effect. There are entire fields of study just devoted to understanding how colors in advertisements can impact the marketability of
…
(877) 248-3529 • 65 N. Raymond Ave., Suite 230 Pasadena, CA 91103