http://www.lifenets.org/privacy-policy
+1 513 843-7744
info@lifenets.org
Donate
Become a Volunteer
LifeNets International
"Helping People Help Themselves…"
Menu
About Us
Contact Us
News
Angola Fund Raiser
2020
Newsletter
E-News
Blogs
Legacy Site
Get Involved
Donate
Memorials
Volunteer
Project Funding Needs
Regions
Angola
Zambia
Myanmar
India/Sri Lanka
Malawi
Chernobyl
Guatemala
Affiliates
Programs
Wheelchair Project
Scholarships
Legacy Programs
Ukraine Vinogradov
Kids For Cows
Other Projects
Categories
Africa
Scholarships
Browse:
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://lifenets.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Plugin: Smush
Note: Smush does not interact with end users on your website. The only input option Smush has is to a newsletter subscription for site admins only. If you would like to notify your users of this in your privacy policy, you can use the information below.
Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
Smush uses a third-party email service (Drip) to send informational emails to the site administrator. The administrator’s email address is sent to Drip and a cookie is set by the service. Only administrator information is collected by Drip.
Welcome Mission StatementLifeNets is a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization that develops programs offering practical assistance that promote the well-being and self-sufficiency of disadvantaged people throughout the world and, where possible, encourages them to pass on their LifeNets benefit to others.
Search Site
LifeNets Australia https://lifenetsaustralia.org/
Donate
PAYPAL & CREDIT CARDS
Site Search
Subscribe eNews Sign Up NowFor Email Marketing you can trust.
Amazon Smile LifeNets
Good Search
SHOP the NET with GoodSearch and benefit LifeNets. Just click the icon on left and shop. LifeNets will benefit with no additional cost to you
New Posts
Selina Banda in Zambia, a LifeNets Student Graduates
Zambia Copperbelt LifeNets Student Speaks
Mukumbuta Nawa Talama Graduates as Medical Doctor
LifeNets 2019 Annual Report
Angola Fund Raiser
2020
Cameroon LifeNets Scholarship Success – Dental Practice
Tagscard project
cards
congo
Needed most
scholarships
ucg
PrivacyPrivacy Policy Page
Contact Info
1227 Woodchase Trail
Batavia, OH 45103-2605
+1 513 843-7744
Email:
info@lifenets.org
About LifeNets
About Us
Meeting humanitarian needs to relieve suffering.
Generating hope through opportunities to become self-sufficient.
Working on the basis of mutual respect, honor and dignity with recipients and donors.
Delivering services through local leaders whom we know and trust.
Being culturally sensitive in the type and amount of aid we deliver.
Leveraging donations by partnering with organizations who sell us their products at a fraction of the wholesale cost.
Using governmental services such as the U.S. Defense and State Departments to defray costs of container shipments.
Creating a circle of ongoing benefits. In many cases recipients are able to pass on aid, training and services to others. They are living examples of "Passing on the Gift" to their communities. This preserves individual dignity and reinforces the practice of giving to others.
Latest Posts
Selina Banda in Zambia, a LifeNets Student Graduates
Victor Kubik   |   November 28, 2020
Zambia Copperbelt LifeNets Student Speaks
Victor Kubik   |   November 25, 2020
© 2020 LifeNets International. All Rights Reserved
SKT Charity