http://www.incorplaw.com/privacy-policy
eMinutes.com
Privacy Policy
As attorneys, we are bound by the duty of confidentiality to our clients, so you can rest assured that we share your information with no one. While many of our clients are extremely well-known celebrities, we treat the personal information of each of our clients with the utmost care, and each of our staff members is required to sign a confidentiality agreement as a condition of employment. We use a combination of technology and good sense to safeguard your information. We have invested significant time and money to ensure that all of the information you submit on our website is secure and confidential. We use industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls and tightly restricted server and database access to protect your information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration. Your information is stored on a secure server, password-protected and can only be accessed by our staff. To further ensure the security of credit card information, we have selected Intuit’s Merchant Services as our credit card merchant and perform periodic security and privacy audits in conjunction with PCI requirements. We are committed to providing the highest level of security and privacy for our clients. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact us.
We are committed to protecting your right to privacy. As such, we have outlined here the steps we have taken to ensure that your privacy of information is ensured. Your use of eMinutes.com indicates your acceptance of this privacy policy. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at our sole discretion. Your use of this site is subject to the most current version of the Privacy Policy at the time of such use.
Data Protection
eMinutes.com will maintain your information as confidential and secure at all times. Your password and credit card information remain encrypted within our database and we enforce appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that you have submitted to eMinutes.com.
When you submit an order or filing request to eMinutes, your information is encrypted with secure server software to protect the information from unauthorized access. eMinutes.com uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), a global standard security technology that creates an encrypted link between a web server and a web browser to ensure that all data transmitted remains private and secure. Users can recognize this security feature through the lock icon that appears in their browser to indicate they are viewing a secure web page when they submit information.
eMinutes.com is a verified Authorize.Net merchant, committed to providing its merchant customers with the highest level of transaction processing security, safeguarding customer information and combating fraud.
eMinutes.com also uses GeoTrust to provide an additional layer of security, allowing users to verify the identity of the site as authentic.
Protection of Personal Information
In order to provide you with our services, we collect personally identifiable information from you. We make every effort to keep this information private and secure.
To provide our services to you, it is necessary for us to collect standard information from you, such as your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number and telephone number, as well as the information required to form your corporation or LLC. This may include the chosen name of your business entity, the purpose of your business, the names and addresses of the directors and officers of your corporation (or members or managers for an LLC), as well as how many shares of stock your corporation will be authorized to issue and its par value.
In certain situations, eMinutes could be required by applicable law to release company or personal information of a client.  Otherwise, however, we will never share your name, email address or other personal information with anyone other than our agents, affiliates or partners in order to provide our services to you.
It is important to recognize that certain information becomes public record upon the filing of documents with the state or the court or other governmental body. Such information may include the business name, business address, and name of the registered agent, which become public information upon the filing of articles of incorporation (or in the case of an LLC, the Articles of Organization). In certain jurisdictions, the Secretary of State will provide this information to third parties for a fee. In some states, fictitious business names, including the name and address of the business owner, must be published in a newspaper. Our privacy policy does not cover actions by these third parties, which are beyond the scope of our services. Please check with the applicable government agency in your state to determine their policies.
To improve the eMinutes services, we may collect and use statistics about visits to our website, but this information contains no personal information. This anonymous data is collected to help us better understand how our site is being used to make improvements for your convenience. Cookies are used to store visitor preferences and improve the content of our site. When visitors type information into our online order form but do not complete the order process, that information is stored securely in our database.
eMinutes personnel may contact you regarding your services or to notify you of eMinutes promotions by email. You can be assured that we will never rent or sell your personally identifiable information to a third-party.
If you have a question or concern about this privacy policy, please email us at privacy@eminutes.com or call (310) 820-1000.
[rev 07.12.2018]
Our Team
Press Room
Corporate Resolution Library
Blog
Our attorneys are admitted to practice law in California, New York, and Texas.
eMinutes places cookies on your device to give you the best user experience. By using our website, you agree to the
placement of these cookies. Please read our updated Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Continue
X
Newsletter