https://www.ldp.org.au/privacy_policy
Skip navigation
Get Updates
Volunteer
General Membership
About
About
President's Welcome
Short History
Our People
Hon. Aaron Stonehouse MLC
Principles
State by State
State by State
New South Wales
Queensland
Victoria
Western Australia
ACT
Events
Join
Join
Membership
Volunteer
Update Your Details
Donate
Donate
Recurring Donation
One-off Donation
Home
Home
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
The Internet is an amazing tool. It has the power to change the way we live, and we're starting to see that potential today. With only a few mouse-clicks, you can follow the news, look up facts, buy goods and services, and communicate with others from around the world. At the Liberal Democratic Party, we respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy applies to digital services provided by The Liberal Democratic Party (ABN 71 164 459 363). Please read our Privacy Policy carefully before using any Liberal Democrat digital services. Usage is conditional upon you agreeing to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
The Liberal Democratic Party recognises the importance of your privacy, and that you have a right to control how your personal information is collected and used. We believe your business is no one else's. Your privacy is important to you and to us. So we'll protect the information you share with us. As a registered political party, the Liberal Democratic Party is exempt from the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth of Australia). This Privacy Policy does however seek to comply with the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth of Australia).
The Liberal Democratic Party will not collect any personal information about you without your consent. We only collect personal information that you tell us about yourself and information about how you use our digital services: eg by registering, when we ask for information such as your email address, name, address and phone number. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that contact. The Liberal Democratic Party also uses cookies to make your use of our services as convenient as possible. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. This may mean you will not be able to use the Democratic Liberal Party online services.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of www.ldp.org.au. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration. If you decide to register, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletters. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding Liberal Democrat products, programs, events, or services by email, postal mail, or telephone, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from us.
The Liberal Democratic Party will not use or disclose any information unless requested by you, as required by law or if we believe it necessary to provide you with a service you have requested.
We may contact you at the email or other address which you provide to us in order to provide you with updated information about our digital services, or to contact you in relation to your donation. By supplying your email address to the Party you may from time-to-time receive news and updates via email as well as official correspondence pursuant to the Liberal Democratic Party constitution.
The Liberal Democratic Party will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. The Liberal Democratic Party will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.
Share