https://www.stjosephwakefield.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policymnordeen@yahoo.com2019-01-24T13:12:06-05:00
Privacy Statement
St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA works to maintain your privacy and secure your personal information. Please review the following policy to learn more how your personal information is treated. By using this website, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and to the methods described herein. St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA reserves the right, at any time, to modify or update these policies without notice, so please check this page periodically.
Personal Information
Personal Information is any and all information regarding you individually that would permit someone to contact you, including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone/fax number, email address or any information you submit to St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA that identifies you individually.
This website will not collect any Personal Information about you unless you provide it. Should you choose to disclose Personal Information about yourself, St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA may collect it using some of the following methods: registration forms, transactions and activity, and email or other voluntary communications. The Personal Information will then be used for, among other things, to verify your identity, maintaining your account, providing support to you, improving the website, providing you with updates, events, responding to your inquiries, and to maintain and improve the St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA website.
Non-Personal Information
When you visit the St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA website, certain information is automatically collected like the browser you use, your IP address, the pages you access and the date and time you access the website. This type of information is Non-Personal Information. St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA uses the Non-Personal Information to manage and improve its website.
Security
St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA has safeguards in place to protect your Personal Information. If you participate in On-line Giving which is linked with our website, Our Sunday Visitor ensures that the transaction is encrypted using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connections to help protect such information from interception. St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA verifies the validity of this security and our link to Our Sunday Visitor through Trustwave, a managed security service that ensures database security, web application firewall, network access control, and regulatory compliance.  Any business that stores, processes or transmits cardholder data is required to be PCI compliant. What is PCI? PCI is the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a set of requirements designed to ensure that ALL companies that process, store or transmit credit card information maintain a secure environment. The Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) was launched on September 7, 2006 to manage the ongoing evolution of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) security standards with focus on improving payment account security throughout the transaction process. The PCI DSS is administered and managed by the PCI SSC (www.pcisecuritystandards.org), an independent body that was created by the major payment card brands (Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and JCB.).
Like any compliance regime, PCI DSS can be complex and difficult to manage. St Joseph Parish completes an annual PCI compliance audit through Trustwave to ensure we have valid certification.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL): How It Works
What Happens When a Browser Encounters SSL
A browser attempts to connect to a website secured with SSL.
The browser requests that the web server identify itself.
The server sends the browser a copy of its SSL Certificate.
The browser checks whether it trusts the SSL Certificate. If so, it sends a message to the server.
The server sends back a digitally signed acknowledgement to start an SSL encrypted session.
Encrypted data is shared between the browser and the server and https appears.
Because St Joseph Parish, Wakefield MA is certified through Trustwave, we can display the Trustwave site seal.  This site seal shows that our site has the highest level of encryption available today. It also shows that we have passed an extensive validation process.
Do you have any questions?
Call us at 781-245-5770
or request more info online.
CONTACT US
News & Events
View the Mass
Bulletin
Ministry Schedule
St Joseph Table Dinner
Calendar
News
Parish Programs
Spiritual Direction
Bereavement
Faith Sharing
Parish Life
Adoration
Healing
Lectors
Eucharistic Ministers
Altar Servers
Ushers & Greeters
Children’s Choir
Youth Choir
Adult Choir
Parish Ministries
Charitable Ministry
Faith Based Ministry
Liturgical Ministry
Social Ministry
Register
Join the Parish Becoming Catholic Returning Catholics
What are Sacraments?
Sacraments & Rites Baptism Reconciliation Eucharist Confirmation RCIA Marriage Holy Orders Anointing of the Sick Mass of Christian Burial
Religious Education
Welcome Registration Grade 1 Grade 2 Grade 3-6 Grade 7-8 Grade 9 Grade 10 RCIA Special Needs – Religious Education Class Schedule Parent Resources Vacation Bible School
St Joseph SchoolMass
Mass Schedule View the Mass
AdorationCalendarBulletinGivingContact UsA-Z Menu
Find What You're Looking For At Saint Joseph Church
Pages
About Fr. Ron Barker
About Us
Adoration
Adult Choir
Altar Servers
Anointing of the Sick
Baptism
Becoming Catholic
Bereavement
Bulletin
Charitable Ministry
Children’s Choir
Class Schedule
Confirmation
Contact Us
Eucharist
Events Calendar – COVID-19 Protocols
Extraordinary Ministers
Faith Based Ministry
Faith Formation
Faith Sharing
Funeral Liturgy Music
Funeral Readings
Giving
Grade 1
Grade 10
Grade 2
Grade 3-6
Grade 7-8
Grade 9
Healing
Helpful Links
Holy Orders
Home
Join the Parish
Lectors
Marriage
Mass of Christian Burial
Mass Schedule
Ministry Schedule
Music Ministry Christmas and Worship CDs
New Testament Reading Samples
News
Parent Resources
Prayer
Privacy Policy
RCIA
Reconciliation
Registration
Returning Catholics
Sacraments & Rites
Site Map
Social Ministry
Special Needs – Religious Education
Spiritual Direction
St Joseph Table Dinner
Terms Of Use
Ushers & Greeters
Vacation Bible School
View the Mass
Welcome Parents
Youth Choir
Youth Ministry
Liturgy