https://www.awcthehague.org/site/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Tel:+1 31 (0)70 350 6007info@awcthehague.org
Member Login
Welcome
Become a member
AWC Membership application form
AWC GDPR privacy policy
About us
AWC board
Club documents
Annual events
Holiday Bazaar 2019
Benefit Event 2019
Philanthropy
FAWCO
Newcomers
Before arriving
Helpful links
Houses of worship
Join a group
Member-owned businesses
Calendar
Activities
General meetings
Our magazine
Archive
Publications
Library
Contact us
Member Login
AWC member directory
My member profile
FAQ’s Member area
Cookies explained
Data Protection Statement:
The AWC of The Hague takes the protection of your personal data seriously. Your personal data is confidential and, in accordance with the legal data protection regulations set forth by the General European Union’s Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that went into effect in May 2018 and as this data protection statement.
The personal information you provide the American Women’s Club of The Hague when you joined and became a Member, or when making an online transaction, is never sold, exchanged, or released to any third parties without your consent. Personal information includes your name, email address, postal address, phone numbers, or any other information you
send the Club via email or post.
E-mail:info@awcthehague.org
Web Hosting Server:
The AWC Website is hosted by FAWCO, the Federation of American Women’s Clubs Overseas. The information you enter through our website lives, within our site’s database, on FAWCO’s servers.
Server Log Files:
The provider of FAWCO’s website automatically collects and saves information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits. These are:
Browsing type
Browser version
Operating system
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of server request
This data cannot be attributed to specific people. This data is not merged with other data sources. AWC The Hague reserves the right to check these data at a later date, if AWC The Hague is aware of any concrete indications for unlawful use.
Contact and Event Forms:
If you send inquiries via our contact form, the information you have entered in the form, including the contact details, will be stored by the AWC for the purpose of processing the inquiry and should there be further questions. The email has the information that you included on the form and this is stored in the AWC The Hague’s mail inbox. This data is not forwarded without your consent. Your data input is sent to AWC The Hague’s email.
If you sign up for AWC membership or events, the information you have entered in the form, including contact details, will be stored by the AWC via GroupSpaces and MailChimp for the purpose of keeping you up-to-date about Club news and announcements. AWC The Hague does not pass on this data without your consent. You can opt out of this email list at any time. The email lists are managed via the MailChimp.com website.
Invoices:
Information on AWC invoices include your name, address, phone number, and email. For legal reasons, the AWC must keep the information for administration for seven (7) years.
As such, it means that a copy of the invoice sent to you will stay in the Club’s system for seven (7) years or longer, since it’s a part of our the Club’s business administration paperwork.
Information, Deletion, Blocking:
You are always entitled to receive free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient, and the purpose of data processing. You also have the right to correct, block or delete this data. For this as well as to other questions regarding the subject of personal data, you can contact the AWC The Hague at any time at the address given in the imprint.
Problems?
If you feel that the AWC is not in compliance with privacy legislation, please contact our Webmaster at it.awc.denhaag@gmail.com so the information can be corrected.
If you are not happy with her response, you have every right to complain to, the official data regulation body in The Netherlands, the “Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens”.
Read this month’s magazine!
We Rely on Our Volunteers The AWC is an organization run 100% by volunteers. Members donate their time and talent to help the club continue to provide services and activities for our members and the community. Your contribution, no matter how large or small, does make a difference. Not only is volunteering rewarding, you’ll meet new people, gain new skills and experience how good it feels to be involved.
Contact any committee chair or board member to help if you’re interested in joining our committed team of volunteers.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy