https://www.proliteracy.org/Privacypolicy
Contact us
Member Login
Toggle navigation
What We Do
Overview
Membership
Programs & Projects
Professional Development
Advocacy
New Readers Press
International
Leamos
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Romance For Literacy
Volunteer
Become a Member
Become an Advocate
Planned Giving
Find a Program
Womens Empowerment
Resources
Adult Literacy Facts
Journal & Research
Media Kit
Find a Program
Grants & Funding
Blog
COVID-19 Resources
Professional Development
Education Network
ProLiteracy Conference
Tutor Training
Webinars
About Us
Mission/History
Leadership
Financials
Partners
Careers
News
Contact Us
Donate
Blog
Select A Category
Share this:
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 4/1/2015
Last Modified: 4/1/2015
ProLiteracy (“ProLiteracy,” “Company,” “our,” “we,” or “us”) respects your privacy.
This Policy applies to and describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit, use, and interact with our family of websites currently located at:
http://www.proliteracy.org/
http://www.newreaderspress.com/
http://www.newsforyouonline.com/
http://proliteracyednet.org/
http://www.workforceatlas.com/
(collectively the "Websites").
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not access, use, or interact with our Websites.  By accessing, using, and/or interacting with our Websites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Policy may change from time to time. Your continued access and/or use of our Websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates. Additionally, you should read our Donor Policy that is applicable any time you donate from any of our family of websites.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites, including information:We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us:
about you that is personally identifiable such as your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth or age, credit card or debit card number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”).
We collect this information automatically as you navigate through and use the Websites:
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as statistical data related to your use of the Websites;
about your use of and interaction with the Websites; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites and usage details, and location of such equipment.
Information You Provide to Us
We may ask you to or you may otherwise provide some personal information if you do any of the following on or through the Websites:
contact us from the Websites
request information
register for an account or membership
order and/or purchase materials
register for an online course or program
register for and/or purchase a subscription
register for a conference or event
make a donation (see Donor Policy)
participate in a promotion or an online survey
share a message or comment with us (via email, text, or other electronic messages) or other people who use the Websites (on or through the Websites), or otherwise providing or posting information on or through the Websites
sign up to receive an RSS feed
perform searches on the Websites
carry out any other transaction on or through the Websites
request further services, or alert us of any issues or problems with our Websites, services, materials, courses/programs, events etc.
You may choose whether to enter personal information when you visit our Websites. You are not required to do so. If you choose not to provide the information that we request and/or otherwise may be required to do so under certain circumstances listed above, we may be unable to respond to your request, provide a requested service, or proceed with a requested transaction etc.  We do, however, collect, store, and/or use personal information when it is voluntarily submitted to us, as noted above.
You should be aware that any personal information provided by you to be published or displayed (“posted”) on any of our Website’s public forums, message boards, product review pages, or any other interactive or social pages (“User Contributions”) can be seen, collected, received, used, copied, searched, commented on and shared by other users of the Websites or third parties who we are not responsible for and are not under our control.  As such, we suggest you use your discretion prior to posting any personal information and you assume the risk by doing so.  Also, after such information is posted, we may not be able to remove such posted information.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Websites, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users of the Websites. Proper posting, access and use of information provided on the Websites, including User Contributions, is governed by our Website terms of use.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
details of your visits to, use of, and interaction with our Websites, including traffic data, location data, and other meta data including information regarding resources that you access and use on the Websites; and
information about your computer or mobile device and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, location based data including geographic location of your computer or mobile device, and unique computer or mobile device identifiers.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, or we may maintain the statistical data or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences and particular uses of our Websites, allowing us to customize and/or improve the performance, content and functionality of our Websites according to your individual interests; and
recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access or properly use certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites.
ProLiteracy specifically uses "cookie" technology as part of our online courses, allowing our Websites to send and store data on your computer's hard drive that keep track of where you are in the online course. As noted above, many web browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but contain an option to turn off the cookie acceptance if you prefer. If you turn off acceptance, the courses will not work properly. We do not allow unrelated third parties to set cookies on ProLiteracy Websites.
ProLiteracy does not use tracking or measurement tools that would allow your individual browsing activity to be tracked across third-party websites or that would give information about you as an individual to third-parties based on your browsing activity.
How We Use Your Information
ProLiteracy will not distribute or sell your personal information to any third party. We use this information to, for example, provide you with support, products, services, and to respond to your message or request, as further detailed below.
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to present our Websites and their contents to you;
for search engine optimization purposes;
to customize and/or improve the performance, content and functionality of our Websites;
to provide you with information, technical support, registrations, products or services that you request from us;
to allow third party service providers to perform services on our behalf;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to provide you with notices about your account, including any expiration and renewal notices;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to notify you about changes to any of our Websites, or any products or services we offer or provide though any of the foregoing;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites;
to prevent and detect fraud and other misuse of the Websites;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own or third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please see the “Opt-Out” Section below.
We also add names and contact information provided on our web pages to our databases so that we can send you information about ProLiteracy products, services, and donor opportunities that might interest you. The information about you in our database is password protected and available only to approved ProLiteracy personnel.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our Websites’ users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Websites’ users is among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and/or
with your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
to comply with any court order or subpoena, law or legal process, including responding to any government, regulatory request, law enforcement agency or other public agency;
to enforce or apply our Websites terms of use and other agreements; and/or
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of ProLiteracy, our customers or others, or if we feel that such disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, protect the security or integrity of our Websites, or enable us to take precautions against liability.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
To the extent applicable, you can review and change your personal information by logging into the Websites and visiting your account profile page.
Alternatively, you may also send us an e-mail at info@proliteracy.org to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information from an interactive portion of one of the Websites, in which case we will notify you if we are unable to do so. We cannot attempt to fully delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Links to Other Sites
The ProLiteracy Websites sometimes include links to other websites. Once you leave ProLiteracy’s Websites for any reason per any means, ProLiteracy’s Privacy Policy no longer applies and ProLiteracy is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites.  It is incumbent upon you to be familiar with the privacy policies of other websites you may visit.
Social Media, Widgets and Open Forums
Our Websites may allow you to engage with social media services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Google+ ("Social Networks"), and widgets such as the "Share this" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our Website or which link from Social Networks to our Website ("Social Functions"). These Social Functions may access, collect and integrate with your Social Network accounts and information. For example, these Social Functions may collect your IP address, identify which page you are visiting on our Websites, or set a cookie. Social Functions may also be used to register you as a Website user.  For example, if you are not currently registered as a Website user and you use certain Social Functions, you may be asked to enter your Social Network credentials and then be given the option to register and join an account provided by one or more of the Websites. If you choose to use these Social Functions, you may be sharing certain Social Network profile elements with us, including your name, date of birth/age, comments, contacts, email address, photos or favorite teams. This sharing is subject to each Social Network's own privacy policy and terms of use. We do not control those Social Networks or your profiles on those services. We do not modify your privacy settings on those services or establish rules about how your personal information on those services will be used.  Social Functions are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with them are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. Please refer to the privacy settings in your Social Network account to manage the data that is shared with us through your account.
Further, information you include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room or Social Network, or that you share in an open forum such as an in-person panel or survey, may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. As noted above, we do not control such uses of your personal information, and by using such services you assume the risk and acknowledge that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by us and/or third parties for any number of purposes and that the usage restrictions set forth in this Privacy Policy do not apply to such services.
Opt-Out
To opt-out of having your information stored, shared with other parties or receiving communication, please contact us in writing at ProLiteracy Marketing and Communications Department, 101 Wyoming Street, Syracuse, NY 13204, send an email toinfo@proliteracy.org, or indicate so on online forms as may be applicable.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Our Websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not specifically target the Websites to children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to, on or through the Websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information to, on or through the Websites, use any of the interactive features of the Websites or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us in writing at ProLiteracy Marketing and Communications Department, 101 Wyoming Street, Syracuse, NY 13204, or send an email to info@proliteracy.org.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us in writing at ProLiteracy Marketing and Communications Department, 101 Wyoming Street, Syracuse, NY 13204, or send an email to info@proliteracy.org.
Choosing Not to Receive Communications from ProLiteracy
If you do not wish to receive physical mail from ProLiteracy, you may call us anytime at -1-888-926-7323 or email us atinfo@proliteracy.org and ask to be removed from our mailing list. You also may opt out of email communications at any time by clicking the Email Preference link that is included at the bottom of every email communication from ProLiteracy by logging in and editing your profile (if you are a member) or by emailing info@proliteracy.org.
Security and Disclaimer
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information under our control from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password(s) for access to certain parts of our Websites, you are responsible for keeping this password(s) confidential. We ask you not to share your password(s) with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in any public areas of the Website. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, no computer system nor the transmission of information via the internet is completely secure. Although we have implemented commercially reasonable safeguards to protect your personal information that we collect and store, no data security safeguards are foolproof and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites.
Policy Changes
ProLiteracy reserves the right to make changes to its Privacy Policy at any time. A new policy, when posted, will apply to everyone using any one of our Websites and will replace any and all prior policies. You should check periodically for changes to our Privacy Policy.
Thank You
Your privacy is very important to us. We rely on the good will and generosity of our supporters and want to make sure that your experience with ProLiteracy is as positive as possible. If you have concerns about your privacy with ProLiteracy, please contact us at:
ProLiteracy
Marketing and Communications Division
101 Wyoming Street
Syracuse, NY 13204
1-888-528-2224
info@proliteracy.org