http://www.bhandlaw.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Updated:
09/27/2019
Thank you for visiting the website of BHANDLAW, PLLC.
Our website provides general information about the legal services that we offer and/or other general information and resources.
These Terms of Use, BHANDLAW’s Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy all set forth the conditions under which you may access and use this website.
By accessing and using this website, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use, Disclaimer, and our Privacy Policy then in effect and by all applicable law.
If you do not agree with any of the Terms of Use, Disclaimer, or our Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this website for any purpose.
We reserve the right to terminate or limit your access to this website for any violation of the Terms of Use, our Disclaimer, or Privacy Policy, or for any other reason, in our sole discretion.
Legal Notices and Disclaimers
No Attorney-Client Relationship is Created by Your Use of This Website
No attorney-client relationship between you and BHANDLAW is or may be created by your access to or use of this website or any information contained on or through it.
The only way to become our client is through a mutual agreement in writing as described below.
Further, none of the information on this website constitutes legal advice, nor does it necessarily reflect the opinions of BHANDLAW, our attorneys, or our clients.
Please Contact Us If You Would Like Us to Represent You
If you are interested in asking us to represent you, please call us, email us, or otherwise contact us so we can determine whether the matter is one for which we are willing or able to accept professional responsibility.
The telephone numbers for our office are listed on the website.
If you submit information to us by e-mail or otherwise, you acknowledge that it will not be considered to be confidential absent an express written agreement by BHANDLAW to maintain your information in confidence.
We reserve the right to decline any representation, and may be required to decline representation if it would create a conflict of interest with any of our current or former clients.
You Should Not Rely on The Information Contained in This Website
The information provided on this website is general in nature and does not apply to any particular factual, legal, medical, financial, insurance, or other situation.
As such, you should not rely on any information on our website, and should seek professional advice as you determine to be appropriate.
In addition, although we try to provide accurate and complete information, we make no commitment or express or implied warranty that the factual, legal, medical, financial, or any other information contained on our website, or on any linked websites or URLs, is accurate, complete, error-free, or current.
We assume no liability if it is not, and your use of this website is solely at your own risk.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we are not responsible for any content, communications, information, or other materials posted, submitted, communicated, shared, discussed or otherwise generated through blogs, discussion boards, or other public areas of our websites (“User Generated Content”), nor do we guarantee its truthfulness, accuracy, or completeness.
Any actions you take or do not take based on or related to User Generated Content are solely at your own risk.
Third Party Websites
This website, including User Generated Content, may contain links to third party websites and/or files (such as .PDFs).
These links are provided only as a convenience to the recipient.
We do not control and are not responsible for any linked third-party websites, and their policies and practices may not be consistent with these Terms of Use or our Disclaimer or Privacy Policy.
Further, we do not necessarily endorse any of these third party websites and do not intend to imply any association between BHANDLAW and the party or parties involved.
If you use any third-party links, you do so at your own risk, and should check their terms of use and privacy policies before accessing or using them.
User Generated Content
Any public areas of this website are intended to facilitate open communication and discussion.
If you post, submit, share, disseminate, or respond to User Generated Content, however, you agree that (1) your User Generated Content will not (i) be defamatory, harassing, threatening, obscene, pornographic, or invasive of privacy, (ii) be illegal, encourage illegal activity, violate of the rights of others, or otherwise give rise to liability, (iii) be confidential or proprietary, or infringe any third-party intellectual property rights and, (iv) in particular, be copyright protected (unless you have full permission to publish it under the terms hereof from the copyright owner); (2) you are solely responsible for the User Generated Content and your failure to comply with the foregoing; (3)
BHANDLAW has the right (but assumes no obligation) to monitor, delete, move, or edit any User Generated Content that we consider inappropriate or unacceptable for any reason; (4) you grant to us, and to each user of this website, a global, nonexclusive, unlimited license to publish, reproduce, sell, display, perform, disclose, distribute, use, edit or modify the User Generated Content, and any ideas, concepts or techniques embodied in the User Generated Content, for any purpose whatsoever, and you waive any and all moral rights you may have in the foregoing.
Ownership, License and Limitations on Use
Ownership by BHANDLAW
As between you and BHANDLAW, all right, title and interest in this website (including all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights) belongs to BHANDLAW or its licensors.
In addition, the names, images, pictures, logos, icons and other marks identifying our products and services are proprietary marks of BHANDLAW.
Except as expressly provided below, nothing contained herein should be construed as conferring any license or right, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, under copyright or other intellectual property rights.
Limited License and Right to Use the Websites and Content
You are hereby granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited license to view and use information from this website (i) solely for personal, informational, and non-commercial purposes, (ii) on the terms herein, (iii) provided that you do not modify or alter the content in any way, and (iv) provided that you do not delete or change any copyright or trademark notice.
Except as expressly provided herein, no part of this websites, including but not limited to materials retrieved and the underlying code, may be reproduced, republished, copied, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means.
In no event should materials from these websites be stored in any information storage and retrieval system without prior written permission from BHANDLAW.
In addition, you may only use this website if you agree not to take any action that might (i) interfere with its proper working, (ii) impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on its infrastructure, (iii) compromise its security, (iv) render it or its features inaccessible to others, (v) cause other damage to this website or any content, or (vi)
launch any automated system, including without limitation, any “robot,” “spider,” or “offline reader” that sends more requests to its server(s) in a given period of time than a human can reasonably generate using a conventional web browser.
Use, duplication, or disclosure by or for the United States Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) and FAR 52.227-19.
Other Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability, and Indemnity
“Covered Parties” means BHANDLAW (including affiliated and other related entities), its business partners and other entities participating in this website, and its officers, directors, partners, principals, managers, members, employees, contractors, agents, successors, and assigns.
Other Disclaimers
THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND THE COVERED PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF OTHER TERMS HEREIN, THE COVERED PARTIES ALSO DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR ANY WAY RELATED TO (A) ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO TECHNICAL INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, (B) USER GENERATED CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS THEREIN,
(C) ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES OR CONTENT THEREIN DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ACCESSED THROUGH LINKS IN THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS THEREIN, (D) THE UNAVAILABILITY OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, (E) YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, (F) VIRUSES OR OTHER DAMAGING
FACTORS, OR (G) YOUR USE OF ANY EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEBSITE.
Limitation of Liability
The Covered Parties are and will not be liable for any damages, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, incidental, special, reliance, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, lost profits, savings, or data), in any way due to, resulting from, or arising in connection with this website, including its content and your access or use thereof, regardless of any negligence or fault of any of the Covered Parties, and whether or not apprised of the possibility of such damages.
In no event will the aggregate liability of any of Covered Parties related to your use of this website, User Generated Content, or its other content, be greater than $100.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Covered Parties from any losses, damages, claims, or liabilities of any nature, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from your use of this website, User Generated Content, or their other content, or your breach of the terms hereof.
The indemnity does not apply to events arising directly from a client-lawyer relationship, if any, that may be entered between you and BHANDLAW on the terms described herein.
Legal and Ethical Requirements
The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements.
No representation is made that the quality of the legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
Contingent attorneys’ fees refers only to those fees charged by attorneys for their legal services. Such fees are not permitted in all types of cases.
Court costs and other additional expenses of legal action usually must be paid by the client.
The percentage fee will be computed before or after expenses are deducted from the recovery in accordance with state laws.
It is BHANDLAW’s intention to fully comply with all legal and ethical requirements related to this website.
To the extent that the professional responsibility requirements of any jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office or an attorney responsible for this website, BHANDLAW designates its office located at 4808 North 22nd Street, 2nd Floor, Phoenix, Arizona 85016 (USA).
Capacity to Accept Terms of Use
In accessing or using this website, you affirm that you (i) are more than 18 years old, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, (ii) are fully able and competent to understand and enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, our Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy, and (iii) agree to comply with these Terms of Use, our Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy.
In any case, you acknowledge that this website is not intended for children under the age of 13, and affirm that you are more than 13 years old.
If you are under 13, please do not use this website but first talk to your parent or guardian about which websites you can visit.
Entire Agreement; Severability; No Waiver
These Terms of Use incorporate by reference any notices contained on this website, and with our Disclaimer and Privacy Policy, as well as any end-user license agreements, constitute the entire agreement regarding your access to and use of this website.
If any provision of these Terms of Use, our Disclaimer, or Privacy Policy is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision will be severable from the remaining provisions and will not affect their validity and enforceability.
BHANDLAW’s failure to enforce any provision on any occasion is not and should not be construed as a waiver of such provision.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use, our Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy are to be governed by and construed in accord with the laws of the State of Arizona (USA), without regard to choice of law principles, and U.S. federal and state courts located in Maricopa County, State of Arizona (USA), are the exclusive forum and have sole jurisdiction for any dispute.
Claims of Copyright Infringement and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
BHANDLAW is committed to complying with U.S. Copyright and related laws, and requires all customers and users of this website to comply with these laws.
Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under U.S. Copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) to report alleged infringements.
In the event that you claim to be the copyright owner of any content, you agree to immediately notify BHANDLAW of any claimed copyright infringement.
You further agree to provide BHANDLAW’s copyright agent the following information as required by the DMCA, Title 17, U.S.C. §512:
your physical or electronic signature or that of a person authorized to act on behalf of you, the purported owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;identification of the copyright or work claimed to have been infringed, or a multiple copyrighted work at a single online site or covered by a single notification, or a representative list of such works at that site;identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, the complaining party, or the person authorized to act on your behalf;a statement that you, the complaining party, have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you the copyright owner, your agent, or the law; anda statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of you, the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
BHANDLAW’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on or relating to this website can be reached either by: sending an email request to DMCA@bhandlaw.com; or
sending a letter via the U.S. Mail to:
Ben BhandhusaveeBHANDLAW, PLLC4808 North 22nd Street2nd FloorPhoenix, Arizona 85016 (USA)
BHANDLAW will respond expeditiously to either directly or indirectly (i) remove the allegedly infringing work(s) stored on the website or (ii) disable access to the work(s).
BHANDLAW will also notify the affected customer or user of this website of the removal or disabling of access to the work(s).
Copyright owners may use their own notification of claimed infringement form that satisfies the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act.
Under the DMCA, anyone who knowingly makes misrepresentations regarding alleged copyright infringement may be liable to BHANDLAW, the alleged infringer, and the affected copyright owner for any damages incurred in connection with the removal, blocking, or replacement of allegedly infringing material.
If you receive a notification of alleged infringement as described above, and you believe in good faith that the allegedly infringing works have been removed or blocked by mistake or misidentification, then you may send a counter notification to BHANDLAW.
Upon BHANDLAW’s receipt of a counter notification that satisfies the DMCA requirements, BHANDLAW will provide a copy of the counter notification to the person who sent the original notification of claimed infringement and will follow the DMCA’s procedures with respect to a received counter notification.
In all events, you expressly agree that BHANDLAW will not be a party to any disputes or lawsuits regarding alleged copyright infringement.
If a notification of claimed infringement has been filed against you, you can file a counter notification with BHANDLAW’s designated agent using the contact information shown above.
All counter notifications must satisfy the requirements of Section 512(g)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act.
Material available on BHANDLAW’s website is protected by Copyright Law.
Setup a Meeting | Get a Fee Quote BHANDLAW offers an initial virtual office consultation with an attorney at a reduced hourly rate via Zoom, Webex, or GoogleChat.  To request a  meeting, please read our initial Consultation Policy then fill out and submit the form below:
Name: *FirstLastCompany or Organization:E-mail: *Phone: *I am looking for guidance on (select one): *Company StartupTechnology AgreementsIntellectual PropertyInternet/E-CommerceTell us more about your legal matter: *By clicking 'Submit' below, you acknowledge that you have read and accept our site's Legal Disclaimer and and Consultation Policy. EmailSubmit Recent Posts
Demistifying Authorized vs. Issued Shares in Your Startup
Does My Website App Need A Separate Cookie Policy, Too?
Who Can Sign for My Company?
What Should Par Value for My Startup’s Shares Be Set At?
Is Reposting Another’s Photo of Your Own Product/Service Copyright Infringement?
Find A Post
Search for:
Powered by Ajaxy
Post Archives Post Archives
Select Month
December 2020  (1)
November 2020  (2)
October 2020  (2)
September 2020  (5)
June 2020  (1)
May 2020  (4)
April 2020  (3)
March 2020  (2)
February 2020  (2)
January 2020  (2)
December 2019  (3)
November 2019  (1)
October 2019  (1)
September 2019  (1)
August 2019  (2)
July 2019  (2)
May 2019  (4)
April 2019  (1)
March 2019  (1)
February 2019  (1)
January 2019  (2)
December 2018  (1)
November 2018  (1)
October 2018  (2)
September 2018  (1)
July 2018  (1)
June 2018  (2)
May 2018  (5)
April 2018  (1)
March 2018  (3)
January 2018  (4)
December 2017  (3)
October 2017  (1)
September 2017  (4)
August 2017  (1)
June 2017  (5)
May 2017  (6)
May 2016  (1)
November 2015  (1)
July 2015  (2)
May 2015  (1)
April 2015  (2)
Post CategoriesPost Categories
Select Category
Arbitration  (1)
B Corporation  (1)
Bitcoin  (1)
Blockchain  (1)
Business Formation  (20)
Business Libel  (1)
Business Sale  (4)
CCPA  (1)
Celebrity  (1)
Client Consultation  (1)
Commercial Leases  (4)
Common Law Trademark  (3)
Confidentiality  (1)
Contracts  (25)
Copyright  (10)
Copyright Infringement  (6)
Corporations  (14)
COVID-19  (1)
Craft Brewing  (1)
Data Protection  (3)
Defamation  (1)
DMCA  (1)
E-Commerce  (4)
Employment Agreements  (4)
Entertainment  (2)
Entity Formation  (13)
Equity Incentives  (1)
European Union  (1)
FinTech  (1)
Foreign Corporation  (1)
Foreign LLC  (2)
GDPR  (2)
Independent Contractor  (3)
Intellectual Property  (5)
IPO  (1)
Lanham Act  (2)
Legal Ethics  (1)
Legal Fees  (1)
Letter of Intent  (3)
Liablity  (1)
Licensing  (2)
Liens  (1)
Limited Liability Company  (16)
Misappropriation  (1)
Negotiation  (5)
NHL  (1)
Non-Disclosure Agreements  (1)
Non-Disparagement  (2)
Online Advertising  (2)
Operating Agreement  (5)
Phoenix  (2)
Popular Culture  (6)
Privacy  (6)
Real Estate  (2)
registration to transact business  (1)
Restaurants  (2)
Sale of Business  (6)
Single Member LLC  (4)
Social Media  (1)
Software  (2)
Sports  (3)
Start-Up  (13)
Stock Options  (3)
Stock Purchase  (1)
Technology  (2)
Terms of Service  (4)
Trade Names  (1)
Trade Secrets  (2)
Trademark  (13)
Trademark Blurring  (1)
Trademark Dilution  (2)
Trademark Infringement  (8)
UCC  (1)
Uncategorized  (7)
Unemployment Insurance  (1)
Unfair Competition  (6)
USPTO  (5)
Whistleblowing  (1)
Workers Compensation  (1)
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
To customize your cookie settings, please click "Cookie settings". Cookie settingsAccept CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.