http://www.freetibet.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Privacy policy
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices. If you have any questions relating to this policy, or how it relates to the introduction of the General Data Protection Regulation in May 2018, please call +44 (0)20 7324 4605 or email privacy@freetibet.org. If we alter our privacy policy in any way, we will endeavour to post the changes online in a timely manner so you can be aware of the changes which may affect you.
Free Tibet does not share, sell or rent any information about our donors, supporters or website visitors to third parties for commercial purposes. It is our intent to keep any personal or financial information you provide us confidential unless we are required by law or business necessity to divulge it. Any information that you might provide is stored in a secure location, is accessed only by designated staff, and is used for the purposes for which you provide the information. When you make a donation or a purchase from our online shop, your financial details are securely processed by two or more third parties: Campaignion, Stripe, PayPal, SmartDebit (for direct debit donations) or Shopify (for shop purchases). Free Tibet will share the information you provide with these parties for the purpose of collecting your donation(s), but your details will never be shared with any other organisation for their own marketing purposes. Upon request, we will refund all donations within 30 days of receipt. Requests for refunds concerning donations made outside of this time period will be considered on a case by case basis.
We only gather personal or financial information which is supplied voluntarily by you via email, the various forms on the website, telephone, or postal mail. Some information is gathered when you join, make a donation, buy something from the shop, complete an online campaign action or sign up to receive email updates.
Depending on the consent you have given, Free Tibet may use the information you give us to send you communications that may be of interest to you (either electronically or otherwise). This may include Free Tibet communications sent through third-parties e.g. Mailchimp and Facebook Advertising. You can unsubscribe from any Free Tibet communications at any time: please call +44 (0)20 7324 4605 or email supporters@freetibet.org. All emails contain an unsubscribe option.
Free Tibet may collect, store and use general, non-specific and broad demographic information about visitors to our website. This information is used to help administer and diagnose problems with our servers and to improve your user experience. This includes analytical data on the dates, time, and number of visits. We may also collect information about your IP address for the use of amending our content for your location. When you use the Free Tibet website, you consent to the collection and use of your non-personal information by Free Tibet.
We use cookies - small files or database entries that most websites place on your machine - which are used to customise your view of our website and analyse overall website usage. We use the following third party services which place cookies on your machine: Facebook Social Plugins, Twitter widgets, AddThis (for social sharing) and Google Analytics (for usage data). You can find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, at allaboutcookies.org.
We also use Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising (Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting) in order to develop our site and content according to users' interests. You can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google Analytics.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Free Tibet is not responsible for the privacy practices, privacy statements, or content of such websites.