http://www.parliament.gov.sg/terms-of-use
Parliament of Singapore
Contact Us
FAQs
Feedback
Sitemap
A-
A
A+
About Us
Please click the links on the right to find out more on what Parliament is about.
Parliament Information
Functions
Sitting of Parliament
Structure
System of Government
Speaker of Parliament
The Cabinet
Leader of the House
Leader of the Opposition
Government Party Whip
Members of Parliament
Select Committees
Parliament Secretariat
Facilities
The Chamber
Architecture of the House
MPs
Please click the links on the right to find out more on MP related information.
Find MP(s) in My Constituency
List of Current MPs
Constituency Boundaries Map
Seating Plan
Composite Photos
Parliamentary Business
Please click the links on the right to access the various Parliamentary Business items.
Official Reports (Parl Debates)
Select Committee Reports
Bills Introduced
Votes & Proceedings
Order Papers
Papers Presented to Parliament
Standing Orders
Glossary
Select Committee on Deliberate Online Falsehoods – Causes, Consequences and Countermeasures
Newsroom
Please click the links on the right to find out more about events happening at Parliament.
Speaker's Blog
Events
Press Releases
Visit & Learn
Please click the links on the right to learn more about visiting Parliament.
Visiting
My Parliament Journey
Educational Resources
ParlConnect
Parliament Shop
History
Please click the links on the right to learn more about the history of Parliament.
List of Former Speakers
List of MPs By Parliament
Sessions of Parliament
Historical Development
History of the Mace
Proclamation of Independence
I am a ...
I am a Visitor
I wish to ...
Know more about Parliament
Book a tour
Visit Parliament House
I am a Researcher
I wish to ...
Access latest Official Report
Search for Official Reports
Search for Select Committee reports
Access Order Paper
Search for Bills
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting PARLIAMENT.GOV.SG (henceforth known as "Site"). By accessing and using any part of this Site, you shall be deemed to have accepted to be legally bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use (henceforth known as "Terms"). If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use this Site.
2. These Terms may be changed from time to time. All changes will be posted on this page, and your use of this Site after such changes have been posted will constitute your agreement to the modified Terms and all of the changes.
Proprietary Rights
3. This Site is the official Parliament of Singapore website. It is owned and operated by the Parliament of Singapore.
4. The materials located on this Site including the information and software programs (the Contents), are protected by copyright, trademark and other forms of proprietary rights. All rights, title and interest in the Contents are owned by, licensed to or controlled by Parliament of Singapore.
Privacy Policy
5. Click here to review this Site Privacy Policy.
Restrictions on Use of Contents
6. Except as otherwise provided, the Contents of this Site shall not be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise distributed in any way, without the prior permission of Parliament of Singapore. To use any parts of the Contents of this Site, the user must seek permission in writing, stating the Contents for use; intent of use; manner of use; time frame of use and identity of the user. Parliament of Singapore reserves the right to refuse permission without declaring reason(s); and/or if information submitted by user is deemed insufficient.
7. Modification of any of the Contents or use of the Contents for any other purpose will be a violation of Parliament of Singapore's copyright and other intellectual property rights. Graphics and images on this Site are protected by copyright and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of Parliament of Singapore.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
8. The Contents of this Site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Parliament of Singapore does not warrant and hereby disclaims any warranty: (a) as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Contents of this Site; (b) that the Contents available through this Site or any functions associated therewith will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected or that this Site and the server is and will be free of all viruses and/or other harmful elements.
9. Parliament of Singapore shall also not be liable for any damage or loss of any kind caused as a result (direct or indirect) of the use of the Site, including but not limited to any damage or loss suffered as a result of reliance on the Contents contained in or available from the Site.
Right of Access
10. Parliament of Singapore reserves all rights to deny or restrict access to this Site to any particular person, or to block access from a particular Internet address to this Site, at any time, without ascribing any reasons whatsoever.
Links from this Site to other websites
11. This Site contains hyperlinks to websites which are not maintained by Parliament of Singapore. Parliament of Singapore is not responsible for the contents of those websites and shall not be liable for any damages or loss arising from access to those websites. Use of the hyper-links and access to such websites are entirely at your own risk.
12. Hyperlinks to other websites are provided as a convenience to the user. In no circumstances shall Parliament of Singapore be considered to be associated or affiliated in whatever manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on websites to which this Site is linked.
Links to this Site from other websites
13. Except as set forth below, caching and links to, and the framing of this Site or any of the Contents are prohibited.
14. Linking to the Homepage: You may link to the Homepage of this Site, upon notifying Parliament of Singapore in writing.
15. Hyperlinking to an internal page of this Site: You must make a specific request for, and secure permission from Parliament of Singapore prior to hyperlinking to, or framing, this Site or any of the Contents, or engaging in similar activities. Parliament of Singapore reserves the right to impose conditions when permitting any hyperlinking to, or framing of this Site or any of the Contents.
16. Your linking to, or your framing of this Site or any of the Contents constitute acceptance of these Terms. This is deemed to be the case even after the posting of any changes or modifications to these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, you must discontinue linking to, or framing of this Site or any of the Contents.
17. Under no circumstances shall Parliament of Singapore be considered to be associated or affiliated in whatever manner with any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on websites that link to this Site or any of the Contents.
18. Parliament of Singapore reserves all rights to disable any links to, or frames of any site containing inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topics, names, material or information, or material or information that violates any written law, any applicable intellectual property, proprietary, privacy or publicity rights.
19. Parliament of Singapore reserves the right to disable any unauthorised links or frames and disclaims any responsibility for the content available on any other website reached by links to or from this Site or any of the Contents.
Governing Law
20. These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws of the Republic of Singapore.
Copyright © 2017 The Parliament of Singapore.
Careers
FAQs
Glossary
Sitemap
Contact Us
Green Dashboard
©2017 Singapore Parliament. All Rights Reserved.
Report Vulnerability
|
Privacy Statement
|
Terms of Use
|
Feedback
|
Rate This Website
This website is optimised for Chrome 68, 67, Safari 11, 10, Internet Explorer 11, 10, Firefox 61, 60 and Microsoft Edge 42, 41.
Last Updated 06/07/2017