https://www.tubman.org/give-help/volunteerintern/overview-volunteers-interns.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Get Help
About Our Services
Make a Safety Plan
Shelter & Housing
About Our Shelter
Community-Based Supportive Housing
Mental & Chemical Health
Tubman Clinical Staff
Mental Health
Mental Health Assessments
Chemical Health
Co-Occurring Disorders
Medication Services
Dialectical Behavior Therapy
Parenting Group
Relationship Violence Intervention Program
Trauma Skills Group
Legal Services
Criminal Court Advocacy
About the Criminal Court Process
Self-Represented Legal Clinics
Legal Clinics
Family Law Pro Bono Representation
Order for Protection
The Order for Protection Process
The Safety Project
Youth Programs
Youth and Young Adult Program
Inspiring Youth
Safe Journeys
Voices in Prevention
Movement for Violence Prevention
Kids in Transition
Northstar Youth Center
Workshops & Support Groups
Financial Planning Services
Harriet's Closet
Jobs, Education, and Finance Services
Melissa's Connections Group
Pieces of Peace Support Group
Tech Center
Services Calendar
Give Help
How to Help a Friend
Ways to Give
Donate Now
Donate Goods
Monthly Giving Circle
Planned Giving
The Great Tubman Coat Corral
Holiday Gift Program
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Host an Event
Raise Awareness
Community Issues Advocacy
News & Events
Newsroom
Starlight Soirée
Events
Photo Gallery
Sign Up
Who We Are
Mission & History
FAQs
Board & Staff
Board Service
Publications
Partnerships
Employment Opportunities
Locations
Log In
Portal Login
Password Reset
CLOSE
Contact Us
Donate Now
MyDefinition.org
Quick Exit
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Due to COVID-19, some in-person Tubman programs that utilize volunteers have been put on hold for the protection of the community, Tubman clients, staff, and volunteers and interns. Affected positions include Personal Shopper in Harriet's Closet, Childcare Assistant, and NorthStar Youth Outreach Center Advocate. Other positions continue to provide direct service on-site, or are working remotely via online platforms. For questions about specific volunteer positions, please email volunteer@tubman.org.
**Many of our volunteer and internship positions are FILLED for the rest of 2020.**We are now accepting volunteer/intern applications for 2021 internships and volunteer positions.
For questions, or to inquire about opportunities beginning in 2021, please email volunteer@tubman.org or call 612.767.6680.
Are you passionate about making a difference?
Tubman relies on volunteers and interns to make a difference in every facet of our work. The passion and energy of our amazing volunteers and interns is essential to the daily work of our organization, and to support our clients and community.
We encourage applications from people of color, all genders, multilingual speakers, veterans, and those who have disabilities.
We offer a five-part orientation and training series for Tubman volunteers and interns. Most volunteer and internship positions require attendance at all five sessions, with positions beginning after training has been completed.
If you are interested specifically in serving on Tubman's Board of Directors, please click here to learn more about those opportunities.
The dates for our upcoming five-part training series are listed below, and you can click here to download the January 2021 training schedule and further details.
Dates for the January 2021 Training Series: All training sessions will be held virtually.
Saturday, January 9, from 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
Tuesday, January 12 , from 6:00 – 9:00 p.m.
Thursday, January 14, from 6:00 – 9:00 p.m.
Tuesday, January 19, from 6:00 – 9:00 p.m.
Thursday, January 21, from 6:00 – 9:00 p.m.
As many of our volunteer and internship opportunities for 2020 have been filled, we are taking applications and talking with people about 2021 options.
Scholarship InformationWhile Tubman's internships are unpaid, we are members of several groups that provide financial aid to students.
Scholarship information unavailable at this time
Adult and Family Advocate intern, Nathan, tables for Tubman
New volunteers and interns at January 12, 2019 training
Page 1 Current Page
Page 2
Page 3
Page 4
Page 5
Page 6
Next Page
Volunteer/Intern
Overview
Volunteer
Internships
Counseling & Therapy Internships
Volunteer Attorneys
Volunteer Attorney Opportunities
Family Law
Family Law Program Volunteers
Family Law Volunteer Attorney Application
Tubman Safety Project
Pro Bono Safety Project
Safety Project FAQs
Law Students
Our Process
Application
Training
Group Volunteering
Group Volunteering Application
Our ServicesTubman offers a wide range of services from shelter to counseling to in-school programs for youth.
Take a look to learn more about our all of our services.
EventsWe'd love to see you in the community at our fundraisers and events.
Find out more about what's coming up next.
Join our Tubman TeamTubman is seeking dedicated and passionate people to fill a variety of roles in a dynamic work environment.
Click here to view current openings.