http://www.breedlove.org/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective and Last Updated 02-23-2019
This website is owned and operated by Breedlove Foods, Inc.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors while they interact with the content, products and/or any services on this site (the "Site").
As
professionals, we understand the important issues regarding online privacy, protection of personal information, and striving for the most secure networks and electronic communication systems possible.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site only. It does not apply to any other Websites to which we may link, if any.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want you to understand what information we collect about you, how we collect it, how that information is used, and how you can control our disclosure of it. You agree that your use of the Site signifies your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
1) Information Collected
We collect two types of information from you: i) information that you voluntarily provide to us (e.g. through a voluntary registration process, sign-ups or emails); and ii) information that is derived through automated tracking mechanisms.
Voluntary Registration Information
In order to complete purchases or fully access any blogs, forums or comment sections (if our site hosts these resources at any given time), you must first complete the registration process, during which we will collect personal information about you. The information may include your name, address, and email address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you except when you specifically provide such information to us on a voluntary basis. By registering with us, you consent to the use and method of disclosure as described in this Privacy Policy.
Voluntary Information for Services and Features
We also collect personally identifiable information when you choose to use certain other features of the Site, including: i) making electronic donations (as and if available), ii) consenting to receive email or text messages about upcoming campaigns or events, iii) requesting/consenting to receive email, iv) participating in any forums we may provide (if any), iv) composing and submitting commenting, and others (including an on-line gallery, if and when provided).
When you choose to use these additional features, we require you to provide your "Contact Information" in addition to other personal information that may be required to complete a transaction such as your phone number, billing and shipping addresses and/or credit card information.
Occasionally, we may also request information such as your shopping preferences and demographics which will help us better serve you and our other users in the future.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. This Site may use cookies to store visitor's preferences and to record session information. We do not and will not use cookies to collect private information from any user that such user did not intentionally submit to us.
Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. If a user's system is idle for a defined time, the cookie will expire, forcing the user to sign in again to continue their session. This prevents unauthorized access to the user's information while they are away from their computer. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Site that are controlled or accessible only by proper log-in procedures (if any).
2)
Referrals
Certain areas of the Site may include electronic referral forms.
If so, you may choose to invite colleagues/friends to visit this Site by sending invitation emails via our invite feature, if any such feature is installed. Our Website stores the email addresses you provide so that the respondents may be added to your social network, confirm orders/purchases and also to send reminders of the invitations. We do not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations and invitation reminders. Recipients of invitations may contact us to request removal of their information from our database.
3)
How We Use Your Information
We only use your personal information for the original purposes it was given. Your personal information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without your approval at the time of collection. We will not disclose, use, give or sell any personal information to third parties for any purposes other than to our suppliers and other third parties who need to know in order to deliver services on behalf of this Site, unless required to do so by law. Further, we reserve the right to contact you regarding matters relevant to the underlying service provided and/or the information collected.
Please note that personally identifiable information is used only to provide you with a more enjoyable, convenient online experience and to help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you. We use your personally identifiable information to support and enhance your use of the Site and its features, including without limitation: fulfilling any orders; providing customer service; tracking email invitations you send; and otherwise supporting your use of the Site. We may use your personal information for target advertising based on things such as region, interests, services offered, et cetera.
We may permit certain trusted third parties (such as server administrators, consultants and similar professionals ) to track usage, analyze data such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (if any) and other parameters in the URL. This is collected in order to better understand the usage of our Site, and enhance the performance of services to maintain and operate the Site and certain features on the Site. We may use third parties to host the Site; operate various features available on the Site; send emails; analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your requests for services.
Also, we may share personally identifiable or other information with our subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates, if any. We may transfer personally identifiable information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our Site, or assets represented by the site as part of a reorganization, investment sale or other change in control.
We may disclose Contact Information in special cases where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use or may be causing injury or interference with our rights, property, our customers or anyone who could be harmed by such activities.
WE ARE NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE OR OTHER INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO SUBMIT IN PUBLIC AREAS, BLOGS, FORUMS, COMMENTS, CHAT ROOM OR ANY OTHER PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE AREA OF THE SITE, IF AND AS ANY ARE OFFERED BY THIS SITE.
You will receive notice when your personally identifiable information might be provided to any third party for any reason other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you will have an opportunity to request that we not share such information. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and for business and administrative purposes. We may also use or share with third parties for any purpose aggregated data that contains no personally identifiable information.
4) How We Protect Your Information
We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information and data stored on our system. This includes:
Physical security of the commercial datacenter in which our website and email services are housed:
The facility is restricted to the public; in addition to being physically cloistered (behind secured areas), access to the central facility is under armed guard, accessible to only authorized technical and administrative personnel.
Administrative electronic access is granted only to authorized personnel; at the moment, this is solely the management company to which Breedlove has discharged updates and oversight of its website, and the server administrators for the above-described server hardware systems.
Security and appropriate encryption of financial donation transactions:
Online donation transactions are handled by recognized non-profit donations leader Network for Good (NFG); such transactions are conducted entirely within Network for Good's own system, using its recognized data encryption and security measures. NFG represents that it fully adheres to PCI standards regarding secure storage of data, strong access control and other requirements. Since we use a recognized vendor to process electronic donations made through our webiste, Breedlove does not directly collect such electronic payment details (such as debit or credit card information), nor do we store or have access to credit/debit card information submitted to our vendor. In addition, Breedlove does not collect or store information regarding the donor's payment or financial details outside the NFG system. Breedlove does not maintain any other merchant services system onsite or manually collect any other electronic financial information from donors.
Access to online donation transactions, as stored in the above NFG system, is restricted to appropriate managerial and fiscal Breedlove personnel (such as the firm's CPA and Controller), and others only on a needs-to-know basis.
NFG's own Privacy Policy for its service is available for review.
eMail Security:
Breedlove does not solicit sensitive information through standard email, and never requests donor financial information through such a means. All electronic donations are directed to our website, the transactions of which are governed by PayPal and its encrypted systems.
General emails are not encrypted, and site visitors should not email any sensitive information to Breedlove through standard email. In addition, we cannot guarantee that email transmissions will not be intercepted at some point on the Internet while en route to or from us.
Breedlove issues official email accounts to staff on a selective basis; all accounts bear their own credentials and are not shared. Staff with bona-fide Breedlove email addresses are trained in appropriate stewardship of their account, including passwords, and to apply proper discretion to information received from email and to report concerns to Breedlove administration.
We believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. However, no computerized or online system can be guaranteed 100% secure, and thus we cannot ensure that our own or vendor databases and online systems will be entirely free from unauthorized access by third parties.
5) Third Party Advertising
From time to time, We may engage in partnered advertising, product announcements, and other industry-type announcements.
Any such advertisements, product announcement or partner bulletins appearing on this Site may be delivered to you by us or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. Doing this allows the advertising partners to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement. In this way, they may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. This information allows an advertising partner to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We do not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertising servers of any ad partners. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies directly by us
and does not cover the use of cookies by any of our advertisers, if any.
6)
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information and Preferences
We will provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personal information for many of our services.
You may modify or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging into your account (as such services are available) and accessing features such as "edit an account."
7) E-mail Choice/Opt-out
If any user who receives an email from the Site and would prefer not to receive such communications in the future, he or she can do so by following the instructions in the emails.
In addition, you may send an email to info@breedlove.org.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request.
8) Children's Privacy and Parental Controls
We have no need for information from minors ("minors" being defined as a person under the age 18), and do not solicit any personal information from children. Individuals under the age of 18 are authorized to use this Site only for information purposes and under proper adult or parental supervision.
Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors. They should also be aware of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Any other use by any minor, for any reason and unless specifically as outlined here, is prohibited.
9) Disclaimer to Security
By consenting to the Terms and Conditions of the Site and hence the Privacy Policy, you consent that no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure. We cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you transmit such information to us at your own risk.
10) Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. If at some point in the future, there is a change to our Privacy Policy, unless we obtain your express consent, such change will only apply to information collected after the revised Privacy Policy took effect. Your continued use of the Site indicates your assent to the Privacy Policy as posted.
11)
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please contact: info@breedlove.org.