http://www.civilwar.org/terms-service
Skip to main content
Sitewide Search
Search
Terms of Service
You are hereHome › Terms of Service
SHARE THIS
About the American Battlefield Trust
Mission and Guiding PrinciplesPrograms
How We Work
FAQs: Battlefield Preservation
HistoryAccomplishments
Saved Land
A Short History of the Battlefield Preservation Movement
The Genesis of the Modern Battlefield Preservation Movement
Preservation Champions
Board Of Trustees
Staff
Youth Leadership TeamFAQs: Youth Leadership Team
Introducing the 2020-2021 Team
News
AccountabilityAnnual Reports and Finances
Core Mission Support Allocation
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Careers
Contact Us
American Battlefield Trust's Terms of Service
Last Updated: February 25, 2020
Welcome to The American Battlefield Trust website and our Terms of Use (these “Terms”). These Terms are important and affect your legal rights, so please read them carefully.
By accessing or using our websites, and any mobile applications or other distribution channels (collectively, the “Sites”) that are now or in the future provided by American Battlefield Trust (referred to herein as, “American Battlefield Trust,” “we,” “us” or “our”) that link to these Terms, you agree to be bound by these Terms and all of the terms incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use the Sites or order, receive or use the services or other products made available through the Sites (collectively, the “Services”).
These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with us in respect of any Services or otherwise. If you are using the Sites on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf and that such entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or such entity violates these Terms.
We reserve the right to change or modify these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion. If we make changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes by updating the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of these Terms. By continuing to access or use the Sites or order, receive or use Services, you confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms and all of the terms incorporated therein by reference. We encourage you to review the Terms frequently to ensure that you understand the terms and conditions that apply when you access or use the Sites or order, receive or use Services. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you may not access or use the Sites or order, receive or use Services.
1. Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use, and disclose information about you: Privacy Policy
2. Eligibility
The Sites are intended to be enjoyed by a general audience. By using the Sites, you represent and warrant that you (a have not been previously suspended or removed from the Sites, or engaged in any activity that could result in suspension or removal from the Sites, and (b) do not have more than one American Battlefield Trust account.
3. Registration, Account and Communication Preferences
In order to access and use certain areas or features of the Sites, you will need to register for an account. You must be over the age of 18 in order to create an account By creating an account, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete account information, (b) maintain and promptly update from time to time as necessary your account information, (c) maintain the security of your password and accept all risks of unauthorized access to your account and the information you provide to us, and (d) immediately notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Sites or your account.
By creating an account, you also consent to receive electronic communications from us (e.g., via email or by posting notices to the Sites). These communications may include notices about your account (e.g., payment authorizations, password changes and other transactional information) and are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including, but not limited to, that such communications be in writing. You should maintain copies of electronic communications from us by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. We may also send you promotional communications via email, including, but not limited to, newsletters, special offers, surveys and other news and information we think will be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving these promotional emails at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions provided therein
4. Payment and Billing Information
Currently all purchases (including donations) that you make from us are processed through our third party payment processor. By providing a credit card or other payment method that we or our third party processor accepts in connection with purchases made through the Sites, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated payment method and that you authorize us (or our third party payment processor) to charge your payment method for the total amount of your purchase (including any applicable taxes and other charges) (collectively, as applicable, an “Order”). If the payment method cannot be verified, is invalid or is otherwise not acceptable, your Order may be suspended or cancelled. You must resolve any problem we encounter in order to proceed with your Order. Monthly donors may change or update payment information associated with their account by logging into their account and editing the payment information.
4.1 Taxes
We will collect applicable sales tax on products shipped to the states for which we determine we have a duty to collect sales tax. If an item is subject to sales tax, you agree that the amount of taxes shown at checkout may be adjusted. Several factors may cause this, such as va5riances between processor programs and changes in tax rates.
5. License to Access and Use Our Sites and Content
Unless otherwise indicated in writing by us, the Sites and all content and other materials contained therein, including, without limitation, the American Battlefield Trust logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, sound files, User Content (as defined in Section 11, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, “Content”) are the proprietary property of American Battlefield Trust or our licensors or users, as applicable, and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable license to access and use the Sites and Content. However, such license is subject to these Terms and does not include any right to (a) sell, resell or use commercially the Sites or Content, (b) distribute, publicly perform or publicly display any Content, (c) modify or otherwise make any derivative uses of the Sites or Content, or any portion thereof, (d) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods, (e) download (other than the page caching) any portion of the Sites or Content, except as expressly permitted by us, and (f) use the Sites or Content other than for their intended purposes. Any use of the Sites or Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including, without limitation, copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated by us, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any right or license to any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights or Content of American Battlefield Trust or any third party, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, the Sites and Content may include software components provided by us or a third party that are subject to separate license terms, in which case those license terms will govern such software components.
6. Repeat Infringer Policy; Copyright Complaints
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable laws, we have adopted a policy of limiting access to the Sites by, or terminating the accounts of, users, in appropriate circumstances and in our sole discretion, who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that anything on the Sites infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our designated agent as set forth below:
Name of Designated Agent: Steve Wyngarden, Chief Administrative Officer
Address: 1156 15 Street NW, Suite 900, Washington DC 2005
Phone: 202-367-1861 x 7204
Fax: 202-367-1865
Email: swyngarden@battlefields.org
Please see 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. You should also note that if you knowingly make any material misrepresentation in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
7. Trademarks
“American Battlefield Trust,” the American Battlefield Trust logo and any other of our service names, logos or slogans that may appear on the Sites or on any products purchased from us are trademarks of American Battlefield Trust or of its affiliated companies and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. You may not use any metatags or other “hidden text” utilizing “American Battlefield Trust” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of American Battlefield Trust without our prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Sites, including, without limitation, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, constitute the service mark, trademark or trade dress of American Battlefield Trust and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, company names or logos mentioned on the Sites are the property of their respective owners and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the permission of the applicable trademark holder. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information by name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by American Battlefield Trust.
8. Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable right to create a text hyperlink to the Sites for noncommercial purposes, provided that such link does not portray us or any of our Services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner, and provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use a American Battlefield Trust logo or other proprietary graphic of ours to link to the Sites without our express written permission. Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any American Battlefield Trust trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found on the Sites, the content of any text or the layout or design of any page, or form contained on a page, on the Sites without our express written consent.
We make no claim or representation regarding, and accept no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of third party websites accessible by hyperlink from the Sites or of websites linking to the Sites. This includes any websites maintained by our third party payment processors or delivery service providers. When you link to those websites, you leave the Sites. Such sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site, any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites. Further, we have no control over the business practices or policies of operators of such sites. We provide these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply our affiliation, endorsement or adoption of any site or any information contained therein. When you leave the Sites, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Sites. We expressly disclaim all responsibility or liability for the availability or accuracy of such external sites or resources or the content thereon, does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any advertising, products, materials or services available from such sites or resources and/or any claims, representations or warranties made by third parties with respect to their goods or services. The inclusion of any link on the Sites does not imply that we endorse the linked site. Your use of any links is at your own risk. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on any goods, services or materials available on or through any such link, site or resource.
9. Third Party Content
We may now or in the future display content, advertisements and promotions from third parties through the Sites or other marketing materials (collectively, “Third Party Content”). We do not control, endorse or adopt any Third Party Content, and we make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such Third Party Content, including, without limitation, regarding its accuracy or completeness. You acknowledge and agree that your interactions with third parties providing Third Party Content are solely between you and such third parties, and that we are is not responsible or liable in any manner for such interactions or Third Party Content.
10. User Conduct
You agree that you will not violate any law, contract, intellectual property or other third party right or commit a tort, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct, while accessing or using the Sites. Youy agree that you will abide by these Terms and, in addition, will not:
Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory, or stalking conduct;
Use or attempt to use another user's account without authorization from such user and from us;
Use the site in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Sites or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Sites in any manner;
Reverse engineer any aspect of the Sites or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any Content, area or code of the Sites;
Attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ or attempt to access any feature or area of the Sites that you are not authorized to access;
Develop any third party applications that interact with User Content or the Sites without prior written consent;
Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, script, browser extension, offline reader or other automated means or interface not authorized by use to access the Sites, extract data or otherwise interfere with or modify the rendering of Site pages or functionality;
Use the Sites for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these terms
11. User Content
The Sites may include interactive features and areas that allow users to create, post, share or store content, including, but not limited to, recipes, reviews, photos, videos, music, sound, text, graphics, code, items or other materials (collectively, “User Content”). In the event you decide to share your User Content with others through the Sites or third party platforms, you understand that this User Content will be viewable by others in accordance with the privacy settings you establish. You agree that you are solely responsible for your User Content and for your use of any interactive features and areas of the Sites.
By using the interactive features and areas of the Sites, you further agree not to create, post, share or store any of the following:
User Content that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;;
User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;
User Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
User Content that contains or depicts any statements, remarks or claims that do not reflect your honest views and experiences;
User Content that impersonates, or misrepresents your affiliation with, any person or entity;
User Content that references or depicts American Battlefield Trust or our Services but fails to disclose a material connection to us, if you have one (for example, if you are our employee or paid blogger);
User Content that contains any unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;
User Content that contains any private or personal information of a third party without such third party’s consent;
User Content that references alcohol irresponsibly, such as references to overconsumption or use by minors;
User Content that contains any viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or content; or
User Content that, in our sole judgment, is objectionable or that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Sites, or that may expose us or others to any harm or liability of any type.
We are not responsible or liable for any User Content. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor User Content, we reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit User Content posted or stored on the Sites at any time and for any reason, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Sites at your sole cost and expense.
12. Rights in User Content
We do not claim any ownership interest in your User Content. However, by uploading, posting or submitting User Content to the Sites or to our pages or feeds on third party social media platforms, you hereby grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and publicly display your User Content, in whole or in part, and your name, likeness, voice and persona in any manner or media and for any purpose whatsoever at our sole discretion, including, without limitation, for publicity, promotional, advertising, trade, business, illustration, artistic and other commercial and noncommercial purposes.
By uploading, posting or submitting User Content to us through the Sites or through our pages or feeds on third party social media platforms, you represent and warrant that (a) such User Content is nonconfidential, (b) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content or you otherwise have all necessary rights to post such User Content, (c) you authorize us to use such User Content for the purposes described in these Terms, (d) the User Content is accurate and not misleading or harmful in any manner, and (e) the User Content, and your use and posting thereof, does not and will not violate these Terms or any applicable law, rule, regulation or third party right.
13. Feedback
Separate and apart from User Content, you can submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information about us, the Sites or Services (collectively, “Feedback”). Feedback is nonconfidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to such Feedback and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of this Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
14. Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless American Battlefield Trust, and our respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equityholders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (individually and collectively, the “American Battlefield Trust Parties”), from and against all actual or alleged American Battlefield Trust Party or third party claims, damages, awards, judgments, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, interest, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses) and costs (including, without limitation, court costs, costs of settlement and costs of pursuing indemnification and insurance), of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, or suspected or unsuspected, in law or equity, whether in tort, contract or otherwise (collectively, “Claims”), including, but not limited to, damages to property or personal injury, that are caused by, arise out of or are related to (a) your use or misuse of the Sites or Content, (b) any User Content you create, post, share or store on or through the Sites or our pages or feeds on third party social media platforms, (c) any Feedback you provide, (d) your violation of these Terms, (e) your violation of the rights of another, and (f) any third party’s use or misuse of the Sites or Services provided to you. You agree to promptly notify us of any third party Claims and cooperate with the American Battlefield Trust Parties in defending such Claims. You further agree that the American Battlefield Trust Parties shall have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between us.
15. Disclaimers
WE ATTEMPT TO DISPLAY THE CONTENT AND OTHER MATERIALS AND INFORMATION YOU VIEW ON THE SITES AS ACCURATELY AS POSSIBLE. HOWEVER, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF SUCH MATERIALS AND INFORMATION AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OR RESULTING FROM YOUR RELIANCE THEREON. IN THE EVENT OF AN ERROR ON OUR SITES, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY COMMUNICATIONS MADE THROUGH THE SITES, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CORRECT SUCH ERROR
WE DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SITES AND ALL CONTENT, ANY WARRANTIES THAT ARISE FROM TRADE USAGE OR CUSTOM, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT THE SITES WILL BE FREE AND CLEAR FROM ANY ADVERSE LIEN OR SECURITY INTERESTS.
We reserve the right to change any and all Content and to modify, suspend or stop providing access to the Sites (or any features or functionality of the Sites) at any time without notice and without obligation or liability to you. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, vendor or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by us. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied terms in contracts with consumers, so some or all of the disclaimers in this section may not apply to you.
16. Limitation of Liability; Release
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR ANY OF THE OTHER AMERICAN BATTLEFIELD TRUST PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF REVENUE, INCOME OR PROFITS, LOSS OF USE OR DATA, LOSS OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE OF ASSETS OR SECURITIES, OR DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE ACCESS OR USE OF THE SITES OR CONTENT OR THE ORDER, RECEIPT OR USE OF ANY PRODUCT OR OTHERWISE RELATED TO THESE TERMS (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY ANY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM US, OR FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETIONS OF FILES OR EMAILS, ERRORS, DEFECTS, BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OUR RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SYSTEMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SIMPLE NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE).
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLELAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF THE OTHER AMERICAN BATTLEFIELD TRUST PARTIES (JOINTLY) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO (A) ACCESS OR USE OF THE SITES OR CONTENT OR OF ANY PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THE SITES, EXCEED $500. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY EVEN IN THE EVENT YOUR REMEDIES HEREUNDER FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, AND THE FOREGOING SHALL CONSTITUTE OUR AND THE OTHER AMERICAN BATTLEFIELD TRUST PARTIES’ SOLE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION IN RESPECT HEREOF, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SIMPLE NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU, ON BEHALF OF YOUR HEIRS, EXECUTORS, ADMINISTRATORS, LEGAL AND PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES, HEREBY RELEASE, WAIVE, ACQUIT AND FOREVER DISCHARGE US AND THE OTHER AMERICAN BATTLEFIELD TRUST PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST, AND COVENANT NOT TO SUE ANY SUCH AMERICAN BATTLEFIELD TRUST PARTY FOR, ALL CLAIMS YOU HAVE OR MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE 1542, WHICH STATES “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
17. Modifications to the Sites
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Sites (or any features or parts thereof) or the provision of Services at any time and without liability therefore.
18. Informal Dispute Resolution
We each agree that each party will notify the other party in writing of any dispute, arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Sites, Content or Services within thirty (30) days of the date it arises, so that the parties can attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute informally. Notice to us shall be sent by certified mail or courier at: 1156 15th Street NW, Suite 900, Washington, DC 20005. Your notice must include (a) your name, postal address, telephone number, the email address you use or used for your American Battlefield Trust account, if any, and, if different, an email address at which you can be contacted, (b) a description in reasonable detail of the nature or basis of the dispute, and (c) the specific relief that you are seeking. Our notice to you will be sent electronically in accordance with Section 3 and will include (x) our name, postal address, telephone number and an email address at which we can be contacted with respect to the dispute, (y) a description in reasonable detail of the nature or basis of the Dispute, and (z) the specific relief that we are seeking. If you and we cannot agree how to resolve the dispute within thirty (30) days after the date notice is received by the applicable party, then either of us may, as appropriate, commence further legal proceedings as permitted by these Terms.
19. Governing Law and Venue
These Terms, your access to and use of the Sites and your order, receipt and use of the Services shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of the State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute between the parties, shall be resolved in the state or federal courts of the State of Maryland, provided that we may seek injunctive or other equitable relief to protect our Content or other intellectual property in any court of competent jurisdiction. We each agree to waive all right to a jury trial in connection with any matters covered by these Terms.
20. Termination
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms, we reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your right to access or use the Sites and to order, receive and use the Services, at any time and for any or no reason, and you acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability or obligation to you in such event and that you will not be entitled to a refund of any amounts that you have already paid to us, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
21. Severability
If any term, clause or provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, then that term, clause or provision will be severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term, clause or provision, or any other term, clause or provision of these Terms.
22. Survival
The following sections will survive the expiration or termination of these Terms and the termination of your account: all defined terms and Sections 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 (excluding the limited use rights granted to you), and 9 through 24.
23. Core Mission Support Allocation
To responsibly sustain the success of the Trust and its essential purposes, the Trust may allocate a reasonable and appropriate amount of between 8 and 15.4 percent from restricted and/or designated donations of $10,000 or more, for core mission support. For more information, please consult the full core mission support allocation statement on our website here.
24. Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us relating to your access to and use of the Sites and your order, receipt and use of Services. These Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without our prior written consent. No waiver of any provision of these Terms will constitute a waiver of such provision in any prior, concurrent or subsequent circumstance, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity. We have agreed that the language of these Terms and any purchase of Services through the Sites shall be English.
Join the Action
Sign up for email updates from the American Battlefield Trust to get U.S. history and battlefield preservation news in your inbox.
EXPLORE THE WARS
News
Preservation Groups Offer Roadmap to Scale Solar Energy and Protect Historic Resources
Save 36 Acres of Hallowed Ground at Two Virginia Taverns
Civil War
News
Seven Score and 17 Years After Lincoln Gave His Iconic Address at Gettysburg, Augmented Reality App Lets Him Give It Anywhere
Rev War
Save 40 Acres of the American Revolution Southern Theater
Combined Federal Campaign and State Charitable Campaigns
Video
Watch Exclusive Videos on our YouTube Channel
53,000
ACRES SAVED
The American Battlefield Trust and our members have saved more than 53,000 acres in 24 states!
SEE THE LAND WE'VE SAVED
Shop and Preserve
Show your pride in battlefield preservation by shopping in our store. Every purchase supports the mission.
BROWSE THE STORE
Give with Confidence!
The Majority of our funds go directly to Preservation and Education.
OUR FINANCIALS
×
Save 42 Acres
b Stones River
Please consider making a gift today to help raise the $170,000 we need to preserve this piece of American history forever.
Donate Now
×
Noel Kline
Save 22 Acres
b New Market Heights
Help save a crucial 22-acre tract on the battlefield where 14 African American soldiers earned the highest military honor in the land.
Donate Now
×
Head-Tilting History for Smarties
Step 1: You love history. Check.
Step 2: Sign up below for our email series.
Step 3: Show off your knowledge. ;)
×
Join the Action
Stay up-to-date on the Trust's battlefield preservation efforts, travel tips, upcoming events, history content and more.
×
The Nature of History
Sign up for our quarterly email series highlighting the environmental benefits of battlefield preservation.
×
Before You Hit the Road...
Please note that the locations and events listed on our itineraries do not reflect any potential closures due to COVID-19. We suggest checking online or calling ahead as you plan your visits.
×
Stay In Touch
Sign up to receive email updates about our Warrior Legacy programming for veterans, active duty military and their families.
×
The Battlefield Bulletin
Sign up to receive emails with our resources for educators to support their work – in the classroom and online.
×
American Battlefield Trust
Give the gift that
truly lasts forever.
Please make a tax-deductible year end gift today to help us preserve American history forever.
Donate Now