http://www.brattle.com/privacy
Skip to Main Content
Our website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide you with more personalized content. To learn more about cookies, how we use them on our site, and how to change your cookie settings, please view the section on cookies in our Privacy Statement.
ACCEPT
DECLINE
Experts
SEARCH
Browse by Last Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Practices
Energy & Utilities
Litigation
Industries
View Practices A to Z
About
People
Clients
Pro Bono
Offices
Contact Us
News & Knowledge
News
Events
Publications
Press Inquiries
Careers
Why Brattle?
Our Work
Roles
FAQs
Current Openings
Search
Privacy Policy
Print Page
|
Share
PRIVACY STATEMENT
The Brattle Group (“Brattle”) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to our website.  Please read this Privacy Statement, which is intended to:
1.    Explain how we use information that you share with us in order to improve your experience of our website; and
2.    Ensure that you understand what information we collect with your permission, and what we do (and do not do) with it.
Personal Information Collection and Use
To use this website, you are not required to provide us with any personal data (e.g. name, company, e-mail address, phone number, and address as well as other personal contact details) (collectively, “Personal Data”).  Brattle only collects Personal Data from visitors to this website under circumstances in which the visitor's web browser automatically provides such information to our web server (see Cookies section below), or the visitor has affirmatively provided such information to us in order to benefit from additional website features.  For example, with respect to the former category of information, when you visit our website our server will record your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address together with the date, time and duration of your visit.  We use this information to compile statistical data on how visitors use and navigate our website in order to evaluate and ultimately improve our website.  With respect to the latter category of information, visitors seeking more information about Brattle, including career opportunities and email updates regarding publications, as well as those seeking to manage their subscriptions, may be prompted to provide certain Personal Data in order to receive such information.
Brattle will not sell, trade, or rent your Personal Data to third parties.
International Data Transfers and Disclosure to Third Parties
Note that this website is hosted in the United States.  Should you choose to accept our Cookies or otherwise provide us with your email address and other Personal Data, such activity will constitute your consent to the transfer of such data to the United States, a jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country.
Brattle will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless required by law or by any government, judicial, or administrative mandate.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other sites.  Brattle isn’t responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites.  If you link to or otherwise visit any other site, please review the privacy policies posted at that site.
Revisions to this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement was last updated on 5/10/18. Brattle reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting such changes on this website.  Please check this Privacy Statement frequently and particularly before you submit additional Personal Data via our website.
COOKIES
We use cookies in order to improve our visitors’ experience when visiting our website.  Cookies allow us to distinguish between users of our website, analyze traffic, review page views as well as the length of time you spend on each page.  Cookies are small text files downloaded to your computer or device when you visit a website; they gather information about your operating system including, but not limited to, browser type, and IP address. These downloaded files can then be sent back to the originating website on a subsequent visit, or forwarded to another website that recognizes that cookie.
Except where a visitor has provided Personal Data in order to engage with a particular website feature, as noted above, or where a visitor has accepted our cookies, Brattle uses visitors’ Personal Data only in an aggregated form to measure the popularity and effectiveness of distinct web pages and of our website as a whole.
Furthermore, visitors have the option of configuring their Internet browsers to notify them when they receive a cookie, giving them the chance to decide whether to accept it.  Visitors also have the option to block all cookies.  However, if you refuse or otherwise block cookies you may not be able to use all of the functionality available on our website.  Please note that by refusing Brattle’s cookies or configuring your Internet browser to block any and all cookies, you are not opting-out of Google Analytics.  For information on how to opt-out of Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Analytics section below.
For more information about cookies (and how to enable or disable them by adjusting the settings of your browser), visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookie Details
What follows is a list of cookies used in our website and their purposes:
Cookie name
Purpose
ARRAfinity
Used by Microsoft Azure hosting for load balancing server requests.
gat, _gid, _ga
Used by Google Analytics to distinguish users and throttle request rates.
NID
Used by Google, contains a unique ID Google uses to remember your preferences and other information, such as your preferred language (e.g. English).
uvc, uid, ssc, na_tc, na_id, loc, mus
Used by social sharing plugin AddThis (and parent company Oracle) for sharing pages on the Brattle site across social media sites.
s
Standard Microsoft Session Cookie.
SAT-SSC
Saturno Smart Site tracking cookie. Stores tracking information until user is converted to EMC user.  Then stores identified EMC contact ID.  Expires 2 years after last site visit.
SAT-CONVERT
Saturno Smart Site temporary cookie. Created on EMC email click-through until first website Smart Site event is triggered, then expires. Expires after 1 month if no Smart Site event is triggered in that time.
Google Analytics
Brattle also subscribes to Google Analytics, which uses Google’s cookies to analyze how visitors use our website. Google tracks a wide variety of information, including the number of hits on individual pages of the site, information about where else users have browsed, brand of browser used by visitors, and type of device used by visitors. Google aggregates all of this data and creates a report for Brattle so that Brattle can understand how the website is being used by visitors. This information helps us monitor which content attracts most visitors, and we will use this information to improve the content on the website.
Google’s cookies are not under Brattle’s control. For more information about the use of cookies by Google Analytics, Brattle refers you to the Google Analytics cookie page located at https://developers.google.com.
Website users who don’t want their data collected with Google Analytics can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This is compatible with all major browsers and can be downloaded and installed via the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Opt-Out; Access and Correction
If you no longer wish to receive information from Brattle, including marketing materials, you can change your subscription preferences by visiting the Manage Subscriptions page on our website, or by e-mailing subscriptions@brattle.com with a request to be removed from our distribution lists.
You have the right to apply for a copy of the information Brattle holds about you as a result of your visit to this website and to have any inaccurate information about you corrected. This is called a data subject access request and you can make a request by writing to us using the contact details below. We may require further information from you in order to verify your identity before disclosing any Personal Data to you.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions about the website’s Privacy Statement or how we use cookies, or if you need assistance accessing or updating the information we have collected about you, or if you believe that you have been inappropriately contacted by us or by a third party as a direct result of accessing this website, please contact us:
The Brattle Group, Inc.
One Beacon Street
Suite 2600
Boston, MA 02108 USA
Attn: General Counsel
Email:   GeneralCounsel@brattle.com
Complex business and legal matters require intellectually honest and analytically rigorous solutions that are thoughtfully developed and clearly communicated. We apply economic and finance principles with uncompromising quality to achieve clarity in the face of complexity. Independent analysis, responsive execution, and compelling presentation. That’s Brattle. That’s the Power of Economics.
Sign Up To Receive Email Updates
Email
Copyright © 2020 The Brattle Group, Inc.
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Privacy Policy
RSS
Offices
Contact Us