http://www.amgprlaw.com/terms-of-use
HomeAbout UsPractice AreasCorporateLabor and EmploymentLitigation and Trial PracticeTaxData Privacy, Cybersecurity and Information Management
Our Attorneys
Search by Alphabetical OrderSearch by Practice AreaOur Clients
News/Publications
AnnouncementsCorporateLabor and EmploymentLitigation Trial PracticeTaxContact Us
Print
Email
Terms of Use
15. 11. 08
posted by: Super User
Online Terms and Conditions of Use
Disclaimer
AMG (“firm”) provides this website and the information on it for general information purposes only. Information accessible through the site is not, and should not be relied upon or regarded as, legal advice. No one accessing or reviewing any content or information accessible through the firm’s website, whether or not a current client of the firm, should act or refrain from acting on the basis of such content or information, without first consulting with and engaging a qualified, licensed attorney, authorized to practice law in such person’s particular jurisdiction, concerning the particular facts and circumstances of the matter at issue. The firm’s website contains general information only, and may not reflect current legal developments, or laws or rules that may apply in particular jurisdictions. The firm and its lawyers expressly disclaim all liability in connection with actions taken or not taken based on any or all of the contents or information accessible through this site.
Any information on the site about prior results attained by the firm or its lawyers is not a guaranty or warranty that a similar outcome will be achieved.
Operation of the firm's website is not intended to form, and will not create, an attorney-client relationship. Any person who accesses information from the firm's website or who unilaterally communicates any information to the firm or any of its lawyers through the website, by e-mail or otherwise is not considered to be a client or prospective client of the firm. As such, no attorney-client relationship exists between any such person and the firm does not owe such a person any professional duties that would ordinarily be owed to a client or a prospective client, including without limitation any duty of confidentiality. Furthermore, operation of the firm’s website does not guarantee that the firm or any firm lawyer is willing to consider or discuss entering into an attorney-client relationship with any particular individual.
Communications and information transmitted via e-mail or the Internet may not be secure, confidential, or protected by the attorney-client privilege. Do not send any confidential or sensitive communications or information to the firm without first contacting one of our lawyers and receiving further instructions about how to proceed.
Unless otherwise indicated in an individual attorney’s biography, our lawyers are not authorized to practice law in other particular jurisdictions. Some jurisdictions may have laws and regulations that differ substantially from one another. AMG does not through this site seek to represent anyone in a jurisdiction where this site may fail to comply with the laws and ethical rules of that jurisdiction.
Privacy Notice
User privacy is an important concern for AMG. As such, AMG is committed to privacy and security, and to providing the best possible user experience for its online visitors and users. Click here for its entire Privacy Notice. This notice may be updated from time to time, so please check back frequently.
To the extent that this website includes links to other sites not controlled by AMG, its Privacy Notice does not apply to those sites.
Terms of Use
By accessing, browsing and using this website, the user agrees to the following Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) without limitation or qualification. PLEASE READ them before using this website. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not access or use this site.
Additionally, AMG controls and operates this site from its offices within the United States of America. AMG does not claim that this site and/or any its elements are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States. As such, if the user chooses to access this site from other locations, the user does so at his/her own initiative and will be solely responsible for compliance with any applicable national and/or international laws.
If you are under the age of 13, you may not use this Website.
Accuracy of Website
Although every effort is made to provide complete and accurate information, AMG makes no warranties, express or implied, or representations as to the accuracy of the content of this website. AMG assumes no liability or responsibility for any error or omissions in the information contained in the website or the operation of the website.
Links to other Websites
This website may contains links to other Internet websites and information provided by persons not affiliated with AMG. Such links are not endorsements or referrals of any products, services or information contained in such websites, and no information in any such website has been endorsed or approved hereby. AMG does not assume responsibility as to the accuracy, completeness, or authenticity of the information presented on any website accessed via such a link. AMG expressly disclaims any and all liability arising from the features of other Internet websites, which may collect your IP address and/or set a cookie to enable the features to function properly. The users’ interactions with said features are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing it and/or third party host.
Use of Cookies
When visiting this website, “cookies” may be used and stored on the users’ computer to analyze the use of the website, to identify returning users and/or to improve the websites’ usability. Cookies are not executable programs that can be used to spread a virus or read a user’s computer hard drive. However, some users may choose to set their browser to block cookies. This may affect access to and functionality of some of AMG’s web applications.
Intellectual Property
This website is owned and operated by AMG. All of the content elements displayed and/or downloadable on this site, including but not limited to, all design, text, captions, images, video and digital files are the exclusive property of AMG or its licensors, and are protected by copyright and trademark law, and other applicable laws and regulations. Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms of Use, the content may not be modified, copied, transmitted, displayed, reproduced, published, sold, distributed, licensed, altered, framed, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in any manner without AMGs prior written consent. AMG hereby expressly reserves all rights in relation to this site and its elements not expressly granted herein.
Prohibited Conduct
By accessing, browsing and using this website, the user agrees not to: (a) conduct any fraudulent or illegal activity; (b) interfere with or disrupt the operation of the site; (c) transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the site any virus, worm, Trojan Horse, robot, spyware, or other code; (d) impersonate AMG’s identity or that of any other person or company; (e) violate any statute, regulation or other legal authority; (f) violate AMG’s intellectual property rights or those of any other person or company; (g) restrict or inhibit any other person from using the site; (h) interfere with or violate any other site visitor's or user's right to privacy or other rights, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information about site visitors or users; (i) sell, resell, transfer, license or exploit for any commercial purposes any use of or access to the Site; (j) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the account information of anyone else.
AMG may refuse, withdraw, suspend and/or block, at any time and without notice, access to the contents or the provision of services to users who breach these Terms of Use.
Changes and Revisions to Content and Terms of Use
As permitted by law, the Terms of Use, as well as the content of this website, are subject to change at any time without prior notice. The changes or revisions shall be effective on the date of posting on the site. As such, the continued use of this website after the revised content and/or Terms of Use have been posted signifies the user’s acceptance of the revised content and/or Terms of Use.
Limitations of Liability
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL AMG OR ANY OF ITS DATA PROVIDERS OR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, DELIVERING OR MANAGING THE CONTENT OR OPERATIONS OF THE WEBSITE (COLLECTIVELY THE "WEBSITE PROVIDERS"), BE LIABLE TO ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST REVENUES, LOST PROFITS, LOST OPPORTUNITIES, LOSS OF PROSPECTIVE ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE WEBSITE, ANY COMMUNICATIONS SENT TO A USER VIA THE WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE FROM THE WEBSITE PROVIDERS, OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF ANY ONE OF OR ALL OF THE WEBSITE PROVIDERS IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. The affected provision shall be automatically reformed and construed so as to be valid, operative and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law or equity while preserving its original intent. The invalidity of any part of the Terms of Use shall not render invalid the remainder of this agreement.
Headings
The headings contained herein are for convenience only and shall have no legal or interpretive effect.
No Waiver
The failure of AMG at any time to require performance to any user of any provision of these Terms of Use shall in no way affect the right of AMG to enforce such provision, nor shall the waiver of any breach by a user of any provision herein constitute a waiver of any succeeding breach or the provision itself.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use, the contents of the website and the services offered to its visitors/users by and through its use are governed by the applicable laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Any legal action or proceeding between AMG and any of its users related to the use of this website may be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.Technical questions or concerns about this website should be directed to: Margarita Blanco This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Contact Us
208 Ponce De Leon Avenue San Juan, PR 00918
787.756.9000
787.756.9010
admin@amgprlaw.com
http://amgprlaw.com
Weekly Newsletters
The law firm of Adsuar Muñiz Goyco Seda & Pérez-Ochoa, P.S.C. provides legal services in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and to companies from the United States, Latin America, South America, Europe and elsewhere around the world doing business in Puerto Rico.
Copyright © 2020 AMG
Terms of UsePrivacy Policy