http://www.savethehighseas.org/about-us/contact/privacy-policy/
Home Page
About Us
About the DSCC
Our Current Focus
Who We Are
Members
Donors
Contact
The Deep Sea
Deep Week
About the Deep Sea
Deep-Sea Habitats
Deep-Seabed Mining
About Deep-Sea Mining
Impacts of Deep-Sea Mining
Challenging Deep-Sea Mining
The Main Players
Deep-Sea Fishing
About Deep-Sea Fishing
Impacts of Deep-Sea Fishing
Challenging Deep-Sea Fishing
The Main Players
EU Campaign (2012–2016)
Call to Action
News from the Deep
DSCC News Updates
DSCC News Updates Archive
Resources
Publications
Additional Resources and References
Amazing Facts
Videos
Play Game Over
You Are Here:
Home » About Us » Contact » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Stichting Deep Sea Conservation Coalition / Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the Stichting Deep Sea Conservation Coalition uses and protects any information that you provide when either using this website or when registering to our contact list.
Deep Sea Conservation Coalition is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Deep Sea Conservation Coalition may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from Wednesday May 24th, 2018.
What we collect:
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information, including email and mailing address, and telephone number
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To send emails concerning the Deep Sea Conservation Coalition and the wider ocean conservation Community providing, information which we think you may find interesting or requesting support or for initiatives or campaigns.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
whenever you receive an email, look for the link that will enable you to unsubscribe from our database and mailing list
you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@savethehighseas.org
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at info@savethehighseas.org.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
©
2020. Deep-Sea Conservation Coalition - All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesAgree