http://www.harpergrey.com/privacy-policy
download icon
down chevron
Harper Grey LLP Privacy Policy
About this Policy
This privacy policy applies to harpergrey.com. It does not apply to any other Harper Grey LLP websites, to the employee privacy policy, to client privacy policies or any related internal information technology policies of the firm.
You agree to the terms of this policy when you use this website.
Information Collected Through This Website
We may collect information as submitted by you through the website. This includes inquiries about services of or people at Harper Grey, and subscriptions to our newsletters that you voluntarily submit.
We track website usage statistics such as the number of pages you visit, which pages you visit, the referring search engine and search engine terms entered into the website.
How Information is Collected Through This Website
Harper Grey uses Google Analytics to track general statistics about which pages are visited (or not visited) on our site. This enables us to edit the site to be as relevant as possible for our visitors.
We do not track identifiable information about individuals visiting the site, unless they have submitted a request for us to contact them, either via an email enquiry or newsletter subscription.
Information collected through the website is used for internal purposes only. It is not passed along to any outside source, unless we are required to do so via court order.
Privacy
Harper Grey LLP complies with all provincial and federal privacy laws.
Reported cases are mentioned throughout this site. They often cite names of individuals involved in litigation, whose names are on record. Generally speaking, when a court renders a judgment regarding a case, the judgment becomes a matter of public record.
Harper Grey LLP does not publish identifiable information about our clients unless we are referring to a judgment that has been made public by the Courts.
Security
This site is hosted in Canada. We comply with industry standard means to store collected data, including any subscription databases.
Links to external websites can be found throughout the site. Harper Grey LLP is not responsible for the content of these sites. You should investigate the privacy policies of those sites if you have any concerns.
Questions
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@harpergrey.com.