https://www.lancasterhistory.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Temporarily Closed | Virtual Tours & Programs Available
Buy Tickets
Membership
Donate
Visit
Hours & Admission
COVID Guidelines for Visitors
FAQs
Directions
Group & Bus Tours
Yuletide at Wheatland
The Tanger Arboretum
Events
LancasterHistory Events
Events Calendar
Community Calendar
Exhibitions
Main Exhibition
Special Exhibitions
Digital Exhibitions
Research
Collections
Search The Collections
James Buchanan Online Presidential Library
Services & Orders
Donate Objects
Fellowships
Learn
Student Programs
Learning Tools & Videos
Wheatland 360° Virtual Field Trip
National History Day
Internships
Support
Ways to Give
Membership
Partners
Volunteer
Wheatland Roof Fund
Shop
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://www.lancasterhistory.org.
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website, https://www.lancasterhistory.org.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
LancasterHistory is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and/or collect information that you voluntarily give us via this website, email, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Unless you ask us not to, LancasterHistory may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt-out of any future electronic communication by responding to the email in question or contacting info@lancasterhistory.org.
LancasterHistory uses “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. LancasterHistory utilizes:
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. LancasterHistory.org uses Google Analytics to help understand how our website functions and how we can better improve our site and marketing efforts.
LancasterHistory partners with other third-party companies to provide specific services. When the user signs up for or utilizes these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. LancasterHistory utilizes:
MailChimp is a marketing automation platform that allows LancasterHistory to share email and ad campaigns with customers and other interested parties. This is how we disseminate emails and other electronic invitations, such as The Historian. Our public emails are free to subscribe to. Individuals who make purchases via our online store are automatically subscribed, but can unsubscribe at any time. Members are subscribed automatically and also always have the option of unsubscribing at any time.
Woocommerce is an e-commerce platform that allows LancasterHistory to place products for sale on the Internet so that customers can buy them. In order to fulfill orders, we require customers submit their address and contact information. This information used to fulfill orders as well as market additional services or products to customers. We also collect your IP address when the order is made.
PayPal is a popular online payment system that facilitates electronic sales and transfers of money on the Internet. LancasterHistory utilizes PayPal to accept payments for Tanger Arboretum memberships and online Museum Store transactions. Customer payment details such as credit card information are sent through PayPal and are not accepted through LancasterHistory’s website so that your data is as secure as possible.
Blackbaud Altru is a cultural organization management solution, database management system, and point-of-sale system (POS) that allows LancasterHistory to retain and track memberships, donations, ticket purchases, and in-store Museum Store sales.
LancasterHistory does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us at info@lancasterhistory.org:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
LancasterHistory takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page. We utilize a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build your trust and confidence in our website.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing, customer service, membership) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Orders and Forms
Webforms
LancasterHistory requests information from you on our webforms when you are either requesting more information from us, trying to contact a staff member, or completing a volunteer, internship, or fellowship application. To request information from us, contact us, or submit an application, you must provide contact information (like name, address, etc…). This information is used to contact you, fulfill your request, or get in touch with you regarding your application. Please note that financial information is not accepted or stored on https://www.lancasterhistory.org. All payments are facilitated through a secure, third-party point of sale system such as PayPal or Blackbaud Merchant Services and not through https://www.lancasterhistory.org. Our webforms will not store your IP address. Webform entries will be deleted permanently from our system after 183 days.
Museum Store Orders
When you purchase a product from our online Museum Store, we request information from you during the order process in order to facilitate and fulfill your order. This information can include your full name, address (both shipping and billing), phone number, and email address. This information is used to fulfill your order, get in touch with you should we have questions, and/or market future services or products to you. Please note that financial information is not accepted or stored on https://www.lancasterhistory.org. All payments are facilitated through a secure, third-party point of sale system such as PayPal. During the order process, we do collect your IP Address. Past orders are retained to reference in the event of a return or refund.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that LancasterHistory is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level, gender, and race/ethnicity). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site or the services and products offered by LancasterHistory. LancasterHistory utilizes:
Typeform is an online software and service company that specializes in online form building and online surveys. We use the Typeform platform to make surveys to gather visitor data to help us improve our website, marketing, facilities, and other services offered. By filling out a survey through Typeform, users contribute their information voluntarily. Information collected through our surveys are protected by Typeform’s security and are only accessible by LancasterHistory staff whose job responsibilities require access to information collected through our surveys.
Privacy Policy Updates & Questions
LancasterHistory reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy. Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted on our website through the updating of this policy.
If you have any questions about our website or the data it collects, uses, and shares, please do not hesitate to contact LancasterHistory at info@lancasterhistory.org.
Last Updated December 2020
Updated to reflect recent technology and service changes.
Did You Know?
The Slumbering Order of Hibernating Governors (ie. the Groundhogs) was founded by George Hensel in Quarryville in 1908.
Learn More About Lancaster History
Yuletide at Wheatland
Tour President James Buchanan’s Wheatland virtually this year for Yuletide at Wheatland! Join us, in real-time over Zoom, to traverse the festively decorated halls and rooms of the 1828 mansion.
Learn More & Book
CLOSE