http://www.lindisfarne.nsw.edu.au/index.php/enrolment/enrolment-conditions.html
Parent Lounge
T: 07 5590 5099
Home
About
Principal's Welcome
Anglican Ethos
Exploring Spirituality
Employment
Term Dates
School Hours
About Lindisfarne
Philosophy
History
Our School Crest
School Council
Contact Us
School Contacts
Location Map
Employment
Curriculum
Careers
Vocational Education
Early Learning Centre
Junior School
Subject Selection
Senior School
Middle School
Co-Curricular
Lindisfarne Sports Academy
Recording Studio
Outdoor Education
Sport
Creative and Performing Arts
Dance
Drama
Music
Performing Arts Private Tuition
Textile and Design
Visual Arts
Enrolment
Enrol Now
International
Enrolment Conditions
Enrolment Information
School Tours
Fees
Prospectus
Scholarships
Transport Services
Private Vehicle Conveyance Subsidy
Lindisfarne Bus Service
Surfside Buslines
Community
Netball
FunFest 2019
Out of School Hours Care
Playgroup @ Lindisfarne
Current News
Grammar Gazette
Calendar
Alumni
Newsletters
P & F Association
Support A Reader
Resources
2021 Resources
Forms
Parent Accounts
Term Dates
Transport Services
Private Vehicle Conveyance Subsidy
Lindisfarne Bus Service
Surfside Buslines
Uniform Shop
Canteen
Annual Reports
Policies
Current News
ConnectEd - Remote Learning
Enrolment Conditions
Conditions of Enrolment
We understand:
It is an expectation that children enrolled in Preschool will continue to Kindergarten. Parents whose children do not proceed to Kindergarten are required to provide one term’s notice, in writing, to the Principal. The penalty for non-compliance will be payment of a term’s fees being charged in lieu of notice.
If this application is accepted we
Agree to be bound by the present and future rules and regulations of the School and that our son/daughter will be bound by those rules and regulations. The School has the power to expel, suspend or otherwise discipline students in accordance with the School’s Behaviour Management and Discipline Policy, which may from time to time be amended at the discretion of the School.
Agree to encourage our son/daughter to participate fully in all aspects of the life and programs of the School and uphold its ethos and expectations.
Agree to provide our son/daughter with the correct uniform and ensure that it is worn correctly to school and all school occasions and functions where required.
Agree to our liability to pay such fees and charges as are sent by the School, including the recovery of costs incurred by the School with its Commercial Agents.
Authorise the School, in the event of our son/daughter suffering from sickness or injury, to take such action as it deems necessary to obtain medical and/or hospital care and attention, after making all reasonable attempts to contact parents and/or guardians. You indemnify the School, for all costs, expenses and actions, its employees and agents in respect of all costs and expenses arising directly or indirectly out of such treatment.
Agree that if the School Council or the Principal believes that a mutually beneficial relationship of trust and cooperation between the parent and the School has broken down to the extent that it adversely impacts on that relationship, then the School, the School Council or the Principal may require the parent to remove the child from the School.
AND we further agree to be bound by the following:
A non-refundable enrolment acceptance fee of $450.00 per child or $800.00 per family will be required upon acceptance of the enrolment offer.
All fees and charges are payable in advance on the first day of each term. In the event of the term’s fees and charges not being paid within six weeks of commencement of the term, notice may be given requiring the student to be withdrawn from the School pending payment of the outstanding fees and charges.
EXTENDED ABSENTEE POLICY
Students who plan to be absent from school for one term or more must give notice to the Principal in writing. Students will be charged full tuition fees during their absence if they wish to maintain their placement in the school. Students will not be charged the Course Levy during the time that they are absent.
Current students partaking in an overseas exchange study program must give one term's notice to the Principal in writing. Students will be exempt from paying tuition and course levy fees whilst completing their study program. 5. The School reserves the right in its absolute discretion to discipline a student, including suspension whether temporarily or permanently without a refund of fees.
Parent/guardians are required to complete a 'Student Withdrawal Form' giving one term's written notice if they wish to withdraw a student. Notice must be given prior to the commencement of the last term of attendance. Failure to do this may result in the charge of a full term's fee being charged in lieu of notice.
Standard Collection Notice
The School collects personal information, including sensitive information about students and parents/guardians before and during the course of a student’s enrolment at the School. This may be in writing or in the course of conversations. The primary purpose for collecting this information is to enable the School to provide schooling for your child and to enable them to take part in all School activities.
In making an application for enrolment the School reserves the right to contact a previous school/s to obtain any relevant information the School deems necessary to assess your child's enrolment application.
Some of the information we collect is to satisfy Lindisfarne's legal obligations, particularly to enable the School to discharge its duty of care.
Laws governing or relating to the operation of the School require certain information to be collected and disclosed. These include relevant Education Acts and Public Health and Child Protection Laws.
Health information about students is sensitive as per the terms of the National Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act. We ask you to provide medical reports about students from time to time.
The School, from time to time, discloses personal and sensitive information to others for administrative and educational purposes. This includes other schools, other discrete bodies within Lindisfarne, government departments, the Anglican Schools Commission, medical practitioners and people providing services to the School, including specialist visiting teachers, coaches and volunteers.
If you provide the School with the personal information of others, such as doctors or emergency contacts, we encourage you to inform them that you are disclosing that information to the School and why, that they can access that information if they wish and that the School does not usually disclose information to third parties.
If we do not obtain the information referred to above we may not be able to enrol or continue the enrolment of your child.
Personal information collected from students is regularly disclosed to their parents or guardians. On occasions, information such as academic and sporting achievements, student activities and other news is published in school newsletters, magazines, on our website, and in the general media (e.g. newspapers). Photographs of student activities such as sporting events, school camps and school excursions may be taken for publication in school newsletters and magazines. The School will obtain separate permission from the student’s parent/guardian prior to publication if we would like to include photographs or other identifying material in promotional material for the School or otherwise make it available to the public such as on the Internet.
The School may also store personal information in the ‘Cloud’ which may mean that it resides on servers which are situated outside Australia.
The School’s Privacy Policy (www.lindisfarne.nsw.edu.au) sets out how parents may seek access to personal information collected about them. However, there will be occasions when access is denied. Such occasions would include where access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others, where access may result in a breach of the School’s duty of care to the student, or where students have provided information in confidence.
The Lindisfarne Privacy Policy also sets out how you may complain about a breach of privacy and how the School will deal with such a complaint.
The School provides policy information for your reference and it is an expectation that all policies and procedures are read and understood prior to enrolment. To review these policies please go to the Lindisfarne website (www.lindisfarne.nsw.edu.au).
As you may know the School from time to time engages in fundraising activities. Information received from you may be used to make an appeal to you. It may also be disclosed to organisations that assist in the School’s fundraising activities (Parents and Friends Association) solely for that purpose. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties.
I/we acknowledge that I/we have fully disclosed and provided copies of all the required and relevant information in relation to this application. I/we are aware that failure to provide full disclosure or the provision of misleading information will result in this enrolment application being declined.
I/We acknowledge that acceptance of this application by Lindisfarne Anglican Grammar School does not constitute an offer of entry into the School. I/We understand that we will be contacted the year prior to proposed entry with details of our enrolment procedure.
< Prev
Next >
Enrol NowInternationalEnrolment ConditionsEnrolment InformationSchool ToursFeesProspectusScholarshipsTransport ServicesPrivate Vehicle Conveyance SubsidyLindisfarne Bus ServiceSurfside Buslines
Early LearningJunior SchoolMiddle SchoolSenior School
Other Quick Links
Remote LearningNewsletter DisclaimerEnrolment InformationUniform ShopNewslettersEmploymentParent Lounge
Mahers Lane Campus (Years 5-12)TerranoraPhone +61 7 5590 5099
Sunshine Avenue Campus (Preschool - Year 4)Tweed Heads SouthPhone +61 7 5590 5099
Email:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Post:PO Box 996, Banora PointNSW 2486 Australia
CRICOS: 03803G
© Lindisfarne Anglican Grammar School 2015