https://www.uwca.org/privacy-policy/
Sign up for updates
Login
Contact Us
Donate
Menu
About Us
History
Leadership
Our Partners
Our Diversity
Video Testimonials
Our Impact
Ways to Give
Education
Health
Financial Stability
Access to Services
Bold Goals Coalition
Get Help
Responding to COVID-19
2-1-1 Call Center
Area Agency on Aging
Meals on Wheels
Free Tax Preparation
Financial & Housing Education
Foreclosure Prevention Partners
Individual Development Account
Priority Veteran
United Way Housing Alliance
Volunteer
Browse Opportunities
United Way Hands On
Tax-Prep Volunteers
Visiting Allocation Teams
Tocqueville Society
Women United
Young Philanthropists Society
Campaign
Coordinator Toolkit
Campaign Materials
Leadership Giving Societies
Loaned Executive Program
Pacesetter Campaign
Campaign Events
News & Events
Blog
Press Releases
Event Calendar
For Nonprofits
Contact Us
Sign up for updates
Close
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
As a United Way Central Alabama donor or community agency, you have entrusted to our care not only your charitable gifts but personal information as well. We thank you for your trust and promise to protect both your charitable investment and your personal information in keeping with the highest ethical standards and industry practices.
United Way of Central Alabama’s donors and community partners have been able to count on this promise with confidence since 1923. Our promise means that we do not sell or trade donor information to anyone. We use the personal information that you or your employer have provided to us only for the intended business purpose – to manage your charitable gift in keeping with donor intention.
Within United Way of Central Alabama, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in keeping with industry standards and practices, and we review and adjust these safeguards regularly in response to advances in technology. We limit access to confidential information to those employees who need it to perform their jobs, and hold those employees to a strict code of ethics.
Our contracts with third-party service providers that help us with administration, data storage, printing, and other services have strict confidentiality and security provisions that hold them to United Way of Central Alabama’s privacy standards. United Way of Central Alabama allows access to your information to auditors and other third parties only as mandated by regulatory requirements.
The only other outside party privy to your information, limited to name, address and gift amount, is the ultimate recipient of any funds contributed by you via the donor choice program in order to allow the recipient agency to thank you for your gift. For donors who work outside of United Way of Central Alabama’s geographic service area but whose employer relies upon us to help support their campaign, we may also share your pledge information with the “sister United Way” serving that area.
United Way of Central Alabama’s Privacy Policy extends online. Online donations are transmitted to a secured server using encryption technology. If you choose to send United Way of Central Alabama an e mail, United Way of Central Alabama may retain the contents of your e-mail message, the reply, and your e-mail address as part of ongoing customer service efforts. United Way of Central Alabama reserves the right to contact you after you have contacted us and may send future e-mail and surveys to you about United Way of Central Alabama. You may notify United Way of Central Alabama via e-mail if you wish to discontinue electronic communication.
This policy applies both to the United Way of Central Alabama and also its related organizations, such as Community Partnership of Alabama and Priority Veteran.
What Information We Collect
We collect or track the following information from our website and e-mails: (1) e-mail address (if we receive an e-mail communication); (2) information knowingly provided by visitors in on-line forms, registration forms and surveys; and (3) aggregate/user-specific information on which web pages visitors access. “Personally identifiable information” is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. It includes, for example, a person’s name, street address, e-mail address, fax number, or telephone number. We will not collect any personally identifiable information about you through our website, unless you voluntarily use our site to make a donation or pledge, send us an e-mail message, participate in a survey, or fill out and send an on-line form.
On-line Pledging
If your employer has elected to host an ePledge campaign, a web-based campaign management tool presented in partnership between your organization and United Way of Central Alabama, you will be asked to complete an on-line pledge form. Our pledge form could contain your name, address, zip code, e-mail address, pledge amount, pledge type and, if applicable, information directing your pledge to be used in a targeted service area or paid to a specified agency. If you participate in an employer sponsored ePledge campaign, we will also provide the information we collect to your employer.
As with most on-line transactions, United Way of Central Alabama employs security measures to ensure your information is safeguarded (see “Security” below).
How Information is Used
The information we collect is used for billing purposes, to complete your donation and for future communications. Unless you instruct us not to, we will provide the agency you have designated to receive your contribution (if applicable) with your name, address, and the amount pledged so they may acknowledge your gift and communicate with you directly. We may also provide the designated agency with your e-mail address.
Your e-mail address may also be used to send you information related to your giving or volunteer activities or to give you information relative to your specified interests or agencies. You will always have the option to unsubscribe to future e-mails.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may share the information we collect with other charitable organizations only as described above. We may also provide information to your employer as described above or other entities that need access to such information in connection with processing your contribution (such as credit card processing companies or other service providers). We also reserve the right to release information as required by any governmental or law enforcement agency or under a court order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Security
We have established and maintain security standards and procedures to protect our users’ information. When you submit personally identifiable information via the website, your information is protected both on-line and off-line. We have installed a number of measures to protect the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information.
United Way of Central Alabama has created a registration/log-in process so that your personal profile is password protected and can be accessed only by you or a person authorized by the United Way of Central Alabama. You should always log-out when you are done with your session so that others cannot access your account. You are solely responsible for protecting the security of your password.
For donors who pledge on-line, upon request, we will send an e-mail confirmation of their pledge. Due to the nature of the internet and our lack of control over your email host, we cannot guarantee the security of this e-mail correspondence.
We permit staff members and certain volunteers to access information you have provided to process your pledge and to perform certain administrative and business functions. United Way staff and volunteers who have access to such information are required to sign a confidentiality agreement that prohibits them from disclosing your information to third parties (except as described above) during and after their employment or volunteer work with United Way of Central Alabama.If you have any questions or concerns about the security of information sent over the internet through our website, please direct them to: eservices@uwca.org.
Donor Responsibilities
In an effort to fully protect our donors’ information, we ask that all donors follow the recommended security guidelines for protecting donor information for themselves and their employees.
We ask that any breach of private information be reported to United Way of Central Alabama within in 24 hours by emailing eservices@uwca.org.
ePledge usernames and passwords should not be shared with any other persons.
A donor’s pledge information is considered to be private information and should be disclosed without prior consent of the donor/employee.
We ask that any donor or confidential information be provided to us via a secure or encrypted method.