http://www.janspiller.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyroot2019-12-05T02:10:25-05:00
By Jan Spiller.com Staff
Last Updated: May 9, 2018
The reports, information, and data contained on and through the astrological resources of the janspiller.com website are to be treated for educational or entertainment purposes only. Any prediction or other message that you receive is not a substitute for advice, programs, or treatment that you would normally receive from a suitable professional such as a lawyer, doctor, psychiatrist, financial advisor, or other recognized astrologer. Accordingly, janspiller.com provides no guarantees, implied warranties, or assurances of any kind, and will not be responsible for any interpretation made or use by the recipient of the reports, information, and data mentioned above. You may be assured that janspiller.com will not share any personal information we gather from you with ANY third party, except as required by law. All material is copyrighted by Jan Spiller unless otherwise specified and cannot be used without written permission from an authorized staff member of janspiller.com. Janspiller.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cosmic Love Website.
Janspiller.com may gather information for the following reasons:
Account Creation
When creating an account while using this website, we request certain Personally Identifiable Information (PII) from you on the registration form. During registration you [are required to] give contact information such as your first name, email address, and password in order to customize and protect what are essentially private experiences. We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
You have the option to provide demographic information (such as gender and birth date) to us; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site. We collect personal information to allow us to personalize Personal Astrology Reports and private readings — while also providing ways for you to customize your experience on our website. We take extraordinary precautions to keep all customer information, including email addresses, secure. We want you to be able to use our site as a personal resource for as long as you want, with complete confidence. Your unique user login and password protect your stored readings and reports, so that you — and only you — can access them any time.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, (for example a name and birth date to complete a reading) we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Customization/Preference Settings
Based on your chosen settings, you may access custom readings and other special features of the site without having to log in each time. Registrants will enjoy the benefits of customization, based on preferences they have specified to the website (for saved Goddess Oracle readings).
Subscribe to our Emails and Newsletters: We Adhere to a Strict Anti-Spam Policy
At Janspiller.com we are 100 percent committed to protecting your privacy. We won’t send you emails if you don’t want to receive them, either.
When you first sign up on our site, we send out an email welcoming you to membership. Unless you choose to unsubscribe — which you can do from within that email — you will also receive an occasional newsletter via email from Janspiller.com. You can easily unsubscribe from these at any time.
If you decide at any time that you want to stop receiving our member-benefits emails, you can opt-out by clicking on the “SafeUnsubscribe” link at the end of every email. You control what you receive from us.
Legal Process
Janspiller.com will not share the personal information you provide to us with non-third parties without your permission, unless to: 1) respond to duly authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities; 2) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; 3) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other malicious activity; or 4) enforce and or protect the rights and properties of Janspiller.com.
Information Gathered for Purchasing Memberships, Personal Astrology Reports & CD’s / Ecommerce
Purchasing online at Janspiller.com is secure. The purchase of memberships, Personal Astrology Reports & CD’s requires no personal information other than name and credit card number, expiration date, etc. You can update your credit card information during the purchase process. To update or edit your profile information immediately, login to the site.
You can also email astrologywithjanspiller@gmail.com and your request will be handled within 7 days. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can email us at astrologywithjanspiller@gmail.com. We make our best effort to ensure that your data is safe. All of our databases are housed in a secure datacenter with restricted access. Our servers are housed behind industry standard firewalls using the latest encryption technology. Our Payment Gateway, the company who processes all credit card transactions meets the industry standards as required by law.
Third-Party Advertising
Janspiller.com is an advertisement free website. Therefore, we do not sell or share your personal data with anyone.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies and web beacons are small text files that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to redeem your Platinum Membership free monthly report may not be available.
Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update or edit your profile information immediately. Simply login to the site and click on the words “Membership Account” located at the very top of every page of the site. You can also email astrologywithjanspiller@gmail.com or contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access within 7 days.
Changes in This Privacy Statement
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time. Changes to the policy will be posted on our website. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically, because by visiting our website you agree to accept any such changes. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email or newsletter, social media or by means of a notice on our home page announcement box.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, on the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us, via written letter or email, at our corporate offices.
Cosmic Love Website
855 K South Main #118
Fallbrook CA 92028-3640
Email: astrologywithjanspiller@gmail.com
×
Close