https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active
Skip to content
Facebook, Inc.
Active Participant
Participation
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
11/3/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 12/16/2020
Data Collected:
NON-HR
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
9/30/2016
Next Certification Due Date: 12/16/2020
Data Collected:
NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
Facebook Inc. has certified to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks regarding the collection and processing of personal data from our advertisers, customers, or business partners in the European Union or Switzerland (Partners) in connection with the products and services described in our Privacy Shield Notice (Partner Services). Facebook processes the personal data provided by our Partners to provide Partner Services in accordance with the terms applicable to the relevant Partner Service and otherwise with the Partners' instructions.
For Workplace, Facebook processes personal data submitted by our Partners (employers or organizations - the data controllers) that may submit personal data about their Users (being the Partners’ or their affiliates’ employees or contractors) to Facebook, including things like business contacts, customer and employee information, employee-generated content and communications, and other information under the Partner’s control.
For Ads and Measurement products, Facebook may receive personal data from unaffiliated Partners, including things like contact information and information about individuals' experiences or interactions with the Partners and their products, services, and ads.
For further information about Facebook's privacy practices, including additional information about what, why, and how Facebook processes personal data, please review our Privacy Shield Notice and our Data Policy.
Privacy Policy
Non-HR Data
Document:
Facebook Privacy Shield Notice
Description:
The Facebook Privacy Shield Notice describes Facebook's participation in the EU and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield and provides the information outlined in the Privacy Shield Notice Principle.
Effective Date: 9/29/2017
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Facebook, Inc. at:
Mary-Elizabeth Hadley Lead Counsel, Privacy
Facebook, Inc.
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, California
94025
privacyshield@support.facebook.com
Phone: (650) 313-3241
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Facebook, Inc. to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
TRUSTe
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Facebook, Inc. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission