https://www.zimmreed.com/legal-notice/
Zimmerman Reed, LLP Legal Notice
We hope you enjoy our website. This website was created to provide general legal information and to introduce you to our firm. None of the information on this website is intended to constitute, nor does it constitute, legal advice, nor does it establish an attorney client relationship. The information is not guaranteed to be correct, complete, or current.
You should not act or rely on any information at this website without seeking the advice of an attorney. The determination of whether you need legal services and your choice of a lawyer are very important matters that should not be based on websites, advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise.
We welcome you to contact us by e-mail. You agree that we also may contact you by email regarding any matter.  If you prefer that we contact you by postal mail, please inform us of that by sending an email to inquiry@zimmreed.com. Please note that information that you send us in an e-mail message may not be protected by legal privilege, and sending an e-mail message will not make you a client of Zimmerman Reed.  If you are interested in having our firm represent you, please ask to be contacted by one of our attorneys. We will be pleased to respond promptly.
Zimmerman Reed represents clients throughout the United States in conjunction with local counsel licensed in other jurisdictions.  We may seek to associate with other counsel to investigate your potential claim.
Third party vendors, including but not limited to Google, show Zimmerman Reed ads on sites on the internet.  Third party vendors, including but not limited to Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to Zimmerman Reed’s website.  Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.  Alternatively, you may also visit other third party vendor websites if you would like to opt out of their advertising services.
Legal and Ethical Requirements
Zimmerman Reed has tried to comply with all legal and ethical requirements in compiling this website. We do not want to represent clients based on their review of any portion of this website that does not comply with legal or ethical requirements. To the extent that the professional responsibility rules of any jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office or an attorney responsible for this website, Zimmerman Reed designates its principal office as 1100 IDS Center, 80 South 8th Street, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402.
State Advertising Disclaimers
Alabama: No representation is made that the quality of the legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other lawyers.
Colorado: Colorado does not certify attorneys as specialists in any field.
Florida: The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience.
Iowa: The determination of the need for legal services and the choice of a lawyer are extremely important decisions and should not be based solely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise. This disclosure is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC: Memberships and offices in legal fraternities and legal societies, technical and professional licenses, and memberships in scientific, technical and professional associations and societies of law or field of practice do not mean that a lawyer is a specialist or expert in a field of law, nor do they mean that such a lawyer is necessarily any more expert or competent than any other lawyer. All potential clients are urged to make their own independent investigation and evaluation of any lawyer being considered. This notice is required by rule of the Supreme Court of Iowa.
Kentucky and Oregon: THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT.
Mississippi: The Mississippi Supreme Court advises that a decision on legal services is important and should not be based solely on advertisements.
Missouri: Neither the Supreme Court of Missouri nor the Missouri Bar reviews or approves certifying organizations or specialist designations.
Nevada: The State Bar of Nevada does not certify any lawyer as a specialist or expert.
New Mexico: LAWYER ADVERTISEMENT.
Tennessee: None of the attorneys in this firm are certified as a Civil Trial, Criminal Trial, Business Bankruptcy, Consumer Bankruptcy, Creditor’s Rights, Medical Malpractice, Legal Malpractice, Accounting Malpractice, Estate Planning or Elder Law specialist by the Tennessee Commission on Continuing Legal Education and Specialization. Certification as a specialist in all other listed areas is not currently available in Tennessee.
Texas: Unless otherwise stated, our attorneys claiming certification in an area of law are not certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization.
Wyoming: The Wyoming State Bar does not certify any lawyer as a specialist or expert. Anyone considering a lawyer should independently investigate the lawyer’s credentials and ability, and not rely upon advertisements or self-proclaimed expertise.
Information Use Policy
Zimmerman Reed LLP maintains the privacy of your information. We do not sell or redistribute your personal information or e-mail address to outside parties in any manner.
If you choose to contact us via e-mail or by completing one of the contact forms on our website, your message will be automatically routed to a Zimmerman Reed attorney, paralegal, or legal team member. We retain the information you provide us in a database, including your first and last name, home address, e-mail address and telephone number, but none of this information is shared with or sold to any outside third party.
In certain cases, we may permit co-counsel or retained experts or physicians to assist our attorneys in reviewing e-mail correspondence, but any such personnel will be required to agree to keep that information confidential prior to being granted access.
We will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or its related properties
We may use the information we collect:
To respond to your inquiries and/or to provide you with legal and other services that you request;
To operate, troubleshoot, and improve the Digital Services;
To send you newsletters, legal updates, marketing communications, and other information or materials that may interest you and to assess the effectiveness of our promotional activities;
To maintain our list of contacts and to understand how people use our Digital Services, including by generating and analyzing statistics;
For Zimmerman Reed’s business purposes, including data analysis; submitting invoices; detecting, preventing, and responding to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement;
To evaluate, recruit, and hire personnel; and
As we believe reasonably necessary or appropriate to: comply with our legal obligations; respond to legal process or requests for information issued by government authorities or other third parties; or protector your, our, or others’ rights.
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures.
Effective Date: September 23, 2019.
© 2020 Zimmerman Reed LLP. All Rights Reserved. Attorney Advertising. Prior Results Do Not Guarantee A Similar Outcome.
|
CONTACT US
|
LEGAL NOTICE
|
SITE MAP