http://www.videodiscoveryinc.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
14245 Cedar Road
Cleveland, Ohio 44121
P: 216-382-1043
F: 216-382-9696
HomeServicesLegal VideographyVideo DepositionsDay in the Life DocumentariesSite DocumentariesSettlement PresentationsVideo EditingCourtroom SupportPreparation of Your CaseMock JuriesTrial PresentationPlaybacks and EquipmentDemonstrative EvidenceAnimationsIllustrations and Medical Film3D Volumization SoftwareBlow-UpsCharts, Timelines and GraphsPhotographySchedulingScheduling for VideographerScheduling for PlaybackTestimonialsAbout UsCompany InformationClients ServedMeet The TeamPrivacy PolicyBlogContact Us
Privacy Policy
Video Discovery, Inc. understands the importance of privacy protection, and we make every effort to ensure the information you share with us through our website is secure. This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for collecting, storing and using the personal information you may provide through our website.
How We Collect Personal Information
Personal information may be collected from those who access our websites in order to use our services. To ensure quality of service, there is certain information we may require, such as your name, address and phone number. Depending on the services you use, you may also provide to us personal information about:
yourself, if you’re an individual;
your clients;
your employees;
employees of your clients or customers;
employees of parties adverse to you or your clients, or
employees of third parties who may be involved in litigation with you or your clients.
Other Ways We Collect User Information
Video Discovery, Inc. may collect anonymous information from visits to our sites through the use of “web beacons,” which do not access your personal information, but rather allow us to count users who have visited our website. This anonymous information is sometimes known as “clickstream data.” Video Discovery, Inc. or its vendors may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to help us provide better customer service. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner, see the paragraph below on cookies.
Cookies, which are packets of information sent from a Web server to a Web browser, are created for users who log in to our websites. The cookies do not store personal information beyond a user’s name and email address, and are removed when the user leaves the site.
Video Discovery, Inc. uses Web usage tracking software to log the IP address of each individual user. This information is used only to determine Web site usage, and at no time is there any attempt to associate these IP addresses with personally identifiable information such as names and addresses.
How We Use Personal Information
The information Video Discovery, Inc. collects through its website may be used to contact you with information regarding our services.
Video Discovery, Inc. collects and uses personal information for the following purposes where necessary:
to tell you about our products and services;
to establish and maintain our business relationship with you;
to provide records management, court reporting, or litigation support services;
to communicate with you;
to invoice you for the products and services you may use; or
for the management and defense of legal claims and actions, compliance with court orders and other legal obligations and regulatory requirements, and as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Opt In / Opt Out
You have the choice at any time to refrain from providing personal information to Video Discovery, Inc.. Please understand, however, that your choice not to provide certain information may limit or prevent Video Discovery, Inc. from providing services to you.
Video Discovery, Inc. collects the type of data viewed by some countries as “sensitive”. Your provision of this type of information will be voluntary, unless it is required by law. When collecting sensitive information, we will ask you to provide your consent to collect, store, and in some cases, transfer this data to third parties as required by law.
How We Share Your Private Information
Video Discovery, Inc. does not disclose any personal information gathered from our website to persons outside of our company, except as described below.
Personal information provided to us in the ordinary course of our provision of services is disclosed to the parties normally expected to receive that information. For example, personal information disclosed to a Video Discovery, Inc. court reporter during a deposition will be disclosed to counsel of record who requests a transcript of that deposition. Access to the data that is collected through our website is limited to authorized Video Discovery, Inc. employees and companies that provide services (such as computer support) to Video Discovery, Inc., and to the parties to which we disclose the information as a customary part of providing our services.
Video Discovery, Inc. provides court reporting and litigation services for corporations and law firms that operate in the U.S. (“Video Discovery, Inc. Customers”). Because of this, personal information may be transmitted to, shared with, stored by, and processed by Video Discovery, Inc. Customers, whether here in the United States or in other countries where they have operations. To the best of Video Discovery, Inc.’s belief, Video Discovery, Inc. Customers’ operations are governed by the same general privacy principles and security practices as Video Discovery, Inc.
Access to the data that is collected through our websites is limited to authorized Video Discovery, Inc. staff employees and companies that provide services (such as computer support) to Video Discovery, Inc..
Video Discovery, Inc. may release personally identifiable information if legally required to do so by law enforcement or other governmental authority, or under advice of counsel. We may also release personal information to protect the rights or property of Video Discovery, Inc., to prevent a crime or protect others from harm.
We may also send personal data to marketing companies who will then contact you to determine feedback and satisfaction with our services. These companies may also send you information on our services.
We may also provide your information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a part of Video Discovery, Inc.’s business to another company. In that case, we will require such a buyer to agree to treat your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will only provide these agents and suppliers with the personal information they need to deliver the service we have requested, and who have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of that information in accordance with this policy.
Ensuring Accuracy & Removing Personal Records
Video Discovery, Inc. makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of your records. We do not alter your information before sharing it with third parties.
You may contact us at any time to review the accuracy of the personal information you provide us, and if you find any errors, you have the responsibility to notify us so that we may have the correct information. It is your responsibility to keep your records with Video Discovery, Inc. updated by notifying us by e-mail at the address in this policy. We will do our best to respond to all reasonable requests to update your data in a timely manner. Please note that the sensitive nature of our business may limit our ability to provide access to certain records if doing so may be unduly burdensome, infringes on the rights of others, or is prohibited by law.
If you wish to remove your record from our websites and end your relationship with Video Discovery, Inc., please submit your request via the Contact Us portion of our website.
Keeping Information Secure
Video Discovery, Inc. realizes the importance of safeguarding personal information and has in place appropriate procedures to help ensure limited access to personally identifiable information. Video Discovery, Inc. uses reasonable security measures to maintain the security of the personally identifiable information we may collect and process. We may use encryption, firewalls, password protection, and physical lock and key to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. We may also place internal restrictions on who in the company may access data to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. Despite our safeguards, the nature of the Internet is such that data may be intercepted by unauthorized third parties regardless of any security measures that may be in place. Therefore, in submitting personally identifiable information to our websites, you assume the risk of an unauthorized third party obtaining that information.
Following Links to Other Sites
Video Discovery, Inc.’s Web sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet. Video Discovery, Inc. has no control over the personal data these other sites collect and we strongly encourage you to review their privacy policies if you are concerned.
Updates to this Policy
Video Discovery, Inc. reserves the right to update this privacy policy at any time. You can always obtain a copy of the most up-to-date policy by visiting this Web site.
Arbitration
Except for complaints to the Federal Trade Commission, all disputes relating in any way, directly or indirectly, for any breach by Video Discovery, Inc. of this Privacy Policy will be subject to arbitration. All arbitration proceeding shall be conducted according to the rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in Ohio, including any dispute about the scope of this arbitration agreement, and including all questions about the types of disputes that are subject to this arbitration agreement, all of which you agree will be decided by the arbitrators, whose decision will be final and binding on you. Any issue concerning the extent to which a dispute is subject to arbitration, or concerning the applicability, interpretation or enforceability of this agreement, including any contention that all or part of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable, shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and resolved by the arbitrators.
You acknowledge and agree that, in any arbitration proceeding, no depositions will be taken, and all other forms of discovery of facts will be limited to those things that the arbitrators determine, in their sole discretion, to be necessary. Further, in any arbitration proceeding, (i) there shall be no award of punitive, exemplary, incidental or consequential or other special damages and (ii) the parties will conduct the arbitration confidentially and expeditiously and will pay their own costs and expenses of arbitration, including their own attorneys’ fees. If you are unable to afford the AAA fee, you agree to notify all persons against whom you have an arbitrable claim and give such persons the opportunity individually and as a group to pay such fee. The proceeding and the decision shall be kept confidential by the parties. All claims you may have under this Privacy Policy must be brought within one (1) year of the date on which the claim arose.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the effective date set forth below. By using this site, you accept all of the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use this site and/or our services. Your continued use of this site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to Video Discovery, Inc. following the posting of any changes to the Privacy Policy will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy you may contact our corporate offices in Ohio at tylerd@videodiscoveryinc.com
Videography
Video DepositionsDay in the Life DocumentariesSite DocumentariesSettlement PresentationsVideo Editing
Courtroom Support
Preparation of Your CaseMock JuriesTrial PresentationPlaybacks and Equipment
Demonstrative Evidence
AnimationsIllustrations and Medical Film3D Volumization SoftwareBlow-UpsCharts, Timelines and GraphsPhotography
Home   |   Services   |   Legal Videography   |   Video Depositions   |   Day in the Life Documentaries   |   Site Documentaries   |   Settlement Presentations   |   Video Editing   |   Courtroom Support   |   Preparation of Your Case   |   Mock Juries   |   Trial Presentation   |   Playbacks and Equipment   |   Demonstrative Evidence   |   Animations   |   Illustrations and Medical Film   |   3D Volumization Software   |   Blow-Ups   |   Charts, Timelines and Graphs   |   Photography   |   Scheduling   |   Scheduling for Videographer   |   Scheduling for Playback   |   Testimonials   |   Company Information   |   Clients Served   |   Meet The Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Blog   |   Contact Us
All Rights Reserved 2020, Video Discovery, Inc. - Admin Login   |   Digital Marketing by Alt Media Studios