http://www.futuredirectns.com/english/privacy.shtml
Welcome to
Future Directions, Inc.
Future Directions Privacy Policy
Future Directions provides excellent, inexpensive PC service to a 250 sq. mile radius of Omaha Nebraska.
Deutscher
Español
Français
Italiano
Norsk
Român
Svensk
Terms of Use
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using any of the Web sites operated by Future
Directions, Inc. ("FDI Sites").  By using the FDI Sites, you agree to be bound by these
Terms of Use.  If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, please do not use the
FDI Sites.
Trademarks, Copyrights, and Restrictions
The FDI Sites are controlled and operated by Future Directions ("Future Directions," "we," "us,"
or "our").  If you wish to contact us, you may e-mail us at
webmaster@futuredirectns.com
.  The FDI Sites were created to be both useful and entertaining.  All materials on
the FDI Sites ("Online Materials"), including, without limitation, names, logos, trademarks,
service marks, images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips, are protected by copyrights
and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by Future Directions or by other
parties that have licensed their material to Future Directions.  No Online Material may
be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed in any way, or
otherwise used for any purpose without the prior written permission of their respective
owners.  You may not add, delete, distort, or otherwise modify the contents on the FDI
Sites.  Any unauthorized attempts to modify any Online Material, to defeat or circumvent
our security features, or to utilize the FDI Sites for other than their intended purposes are
prohibited.
Privacy Information
Information We Collect
Any information that you provide us voluntarily (e.g., user name, e-mail address, phone number)
will be retained by us.  If you choose to purchase merchandise through the FDI Sites, we
collect information about your buying behavior.  In addition, if you send us personal
correspondence, such as e-mails or letters, or post messages on the bulletin boards or in the
chat areas, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.  All such
information collected by us (collectively, "Personally Identifiable Information") shall become
our property throughout the world.  If you would like to review or modify any part of your
Personally Identifiable Information, you may e-mail us at
webmaster@futuredirectns.com
.
Information Use
We do not sell, trade, or license Personally Identifiable Information.  You may choose to
opt out of receiving information from Future Directions by clicking the appropriate check box
on interactive forms on our sites that collect Personally Identifiable Information.
We may aggregate statistics, traffic patterns, and related site information and disclose such
aggregate data to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other promotional purposes, but
such aggregate data will not include any Personally Identifiable Information.  By using
the FDI Sites, you consent to such collection and use by us.
You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information on the bulletin
boards or in the chat areas, that information can also be collected and used by others and may
result in unsolicited messages from other people.
Your IP Address and Our Use of "Cookies"
Certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the standard operation of our
servers, including, without limitation, the URL that you just came from, which URL you next go
to, what browser you're using, and your IP address.  Such information is primarily used to
provide an enhanced on-line experience for the visitor.
Some FDI Sites may place a "cookie" in the browser files of each user's computer.  A cookie
itself does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information, but lets the computers remember
that you have registered, if applicable, and may save your passwords, purchases, and preferences
from the FDI Sites that you have visited.
Security
We store any information collected from your visits to the FDI Sites, including Personally
Identifiable Information, in a secure environment.
Children's Privacy
We do not intend to collect or use Personally Identifiable Information from children (individuals
under the age of 13) from the FDI Sites.  Where appropriate, we specifically instruct
children not to submit Personally Identifiable Information on the FDI Sites.  If a child has
provided us with an e-mail address, we ask that a parent or guardian of the child contact us at
webmaster@futuredirectns.com
, if such person would like the e-mail address deleted from our e-mail mailing lists.  We
will use reasonable efforts to delete such e-mail address from our existing files.
Linked Sites
We have provided links to related sites for your convenience.  We do not review the sites
linked to the FDI Sites and do not endorse those sites in any way.  We are not responsible
for the content of those sites or any off-site pages linked to the FDI Sites.  You access
such linked sites and off-site pages at your own risk.  It is up to you to take precautions
to ensure that such linked sites that you visit and the information you select on them are free
of viruses, worms, vermin, trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature.
Submissions
Any notes, message/bulletin board postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts, or other material
submitted to us will become the property of Future Directions throughout the world and Future
Directions shall be entitled to use such material for any type of use forever, including in any
media whether now known or hereafter devised, except that portion of the material which is
Personally Identifiable Information (which shall be subject to the terms hereof).  You agree
that any submission you make to us is original with you and accurate.  You further agree that
you will not submit or otherwise publish through the FDI Sites any content which:
(a)  may constitute libel, defamation, invasion of privacy, or is obscene, pornographic,
abusive, or threatening;
(b)  may infringe any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person;
(c)  may violate any applicable law or advocates illegal activity; or
(d)  advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services.
We are not responsible for any material posted on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas
conducted on the FDI Sites.  We will cooperate with any law enforcement authorities and
comply with any judicial order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone
posting materials in violation of any applicable federal, state, or local laws.
Applicability of Online Materials
Unless otherwise specified, the Online Materials are presented solely for the purpose of
entertaining and promoting programs, films, and other products available in the United States
and its territories.  The FDI Sites are controlled and operated by Future Directions
from its offices within the State of New York.  We make no representation that the
Online Materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations.  Those who
visit the FDI Sites from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with all applicable local laws.
Disclaimer
You expressly agree that your use of the FDI Sites, the Online Materials, and any products or
services purchased on the FDI Sites is at your sole risk.  All Online Materials and the
products and services offered on the FDI Sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of
any kind, either express or implied.  Future Directions disclaims all warranties, express
or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for
a particular purpose, and non-infringement.  Without limiting the foregoing disclaimer,
the Future Directions Companies, their affiliated and subsidiary companies, and their
respective vendors, agents and employees, shall not be liable for:
(a)  any claims, liability, or direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages
resulting from your purchase of any product or services on the FDI Sites or from your use of
any Online Materials;
(b)  your use or inability to use or access the FDI Sites; or
(c)  defects, delays in operation, transmission failure, or other failure of performance
on the FDI Site or the Internet.
We do not endorse any information or opinions expressed on the bulletin boards or in the chat
areas conducted on the FDI Sites and we make no representations or warranties regarding such
information or opinions.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of Nebraska.  You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal, state, and
local courts located within the State of Nebraska.  If any provision of these Terms of Use
is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of any
other provision.  These Terms of Use set forth the entire agreement regarding all of the
matters discussed herein.  Because these Terms of Use are subject to change and you will
be bound by such changes, you should periodically visit this section to review the current Terms
of Use.  We reserve the right to terminate this agreement at any time without notice for
any reason.
There have been
visitors to this page since June 27, 2000!
Original Page Date: June 27, 2000
Last updated on December 31, 2000
Copyright © 2000 Future Directions.  All rights reserved.