https://www.ob.org/privacy-policy/
Search :
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE.Operation Blessing understands that our users are concerned about submitting personal information either through our website or other means. Our users’ individual privacy rights are important to us. For this reason, we provide this explanation of our data handling practices.Our privacy guidelines are solely governed by Virginia statutes including, but not limited to, the Virginia Privacy Protection Act of 1976, the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, and any and all applicable federal legislation. This notice in no manner serves to represent a contract between Operation Blessing and (you) the reader or any person who submits, in any form, information to Operation Blessing.HOW WE GATHER INFORMATION.Here at Operation Blessing, we have many ways that our users can submit data to us. One of the most convenient ways is to complete a web form. These forms collect information from our users and send it to the proper recipient within Operation Blessing. In addition, we also collect information via other means such as electronic mail (Email), telephone calls, and postal mail.While using the Internet to connect to Operation Blessing, some technical information is automatically collected for statistical reference. Though these items may not necessarily identify an individual, we want our users to know that this information is recorded without any causal action on their behalf. These items are as follows:The Internet address (IP address) of the machine our users are using to connect to ob.org. This may also produce a coordinating host and domain name for our users’ computers.The type of Internet Browser our users are using to connect to ob.org. Also, the pages our users are requesting from our site.The site from which our users immediately left when visiting ob.org. Also, any ‘cookie’ related information as described in this notice.WHAT ARE [INTERNET BROWSER] ‘COOKIES’?Cookies are files that exist on client computers that contain information to help us better serve our users’ needs. They may help us to remember customized settings so that each time a user returns to ob.org, we create a custom view just for that user. For our users’ personal security, browsers have settings that allow each user to control how cookies are stored and when and how they are removed. Any information gained from cookies is governed by the same guidelines as information our users purposely submit to Operation Blessing .HOW WE USE INFORMATION.Information we gain from any person is used for official Operation Blessing purposes only. Operation Blessing uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. We may use your information to complete a transaction, issue you an income tax receipt for a donation, or to personalize our website for you. If you so desire, we may also use this information to update you on humanitarian aid projects and activities. We may occasionally use your information to contact you for market research or provide you with information of interest. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to decline such direct marketing.OPERATION BLESSING NEVER SELLS, RENTS, OR LEASES YOUR INFORMATION.Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below.Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Protection of Operation Blessing and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of OB.org, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.YOUR INFORMATION, YOUR CHOICE.Because our users’ information belongs to them and can individually identify each one of them, we remind our users that they are not required to share such information with Operation Blessing. In doing so, our users will still be able to freely navigate our website without submitting any information to us. However, if a user desires to make a donation; requests information or materials from our organization; participates in an online survey or other activity; applies for employment, or any other service which requires us to collect information, that user must submit in some manner his/her information to us. Should that user not provide in full the requested information, he/she may not be eligible to receive his/her requested service.OPT-OUT OR MODIFY YOUR INFORMATION.We endeavor to serve you with excellence, and never intend to send you communication you do not wish to receive. If you would like to opt-out of any of our communications (such as text messaging, phone calls, mail, or email), or modify your account information in any way, there are ways to easily accomplish this.Through our contact form: Send us a message via our contact form to quickly and easily modify your account information and preferences.By emailing Operation.Blessing@ob.org or calling 757-226-3412 to speak with OBI’s Partner Relations team to modify your account information and preferences.When contacting us to update/modify your account, please include complete contact information previously provided to Operation Blessing (such as name, street address, email and phone number) to help us positively identify your account in our database.OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY.At Operation Blessing we utilize considerable security protections in order to collect and protect users’ information. Where necessary, we employ Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) in order to facilitate an encrypted connection between the user’s computer and our web server. We encourage our users to become familiar with secure means by which to submit information to Operation Blessing. Our users should understand that Email is an insecure medium and that we discourage transmission of personally identifiable information via this means. In order to protect the data we store and to ensure our users’ privacy is safeguarded, we employ numerous security controls, follow secure processes, and execute internal audit procedures. Our users’ confidential information and personal privacy is of utmost importance to us. We strive to protect our users’ information in a manner consistent with the laws and regulations of the state of Virginia and with all applicable federal legislation.UPDATES OR MODIFICATIONS TO POLICY.Periodically, this policy may be updated. When these modifications take place, the date on this page will be updated to reflect the date of the most recent changes.COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS.Should you have any questions regarding this policy, please feel free to reach us by phone at 757-226-3412, or via email at Operation.Blessing@ob.org.This policy was last updated on January 22, 2015