https://www.torontohumanesociety.com/main/privacy
Location & Hours
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Follow Us:
Search
Toggle navigation
Search
Adopt a Pet
Dogs
Cats
Small Pets
Facilitated Adoptions
Adoption Process
Strays
Dogs
Cats
Kittens
Small Pets
Support Us
General Donation
Sponsor a Kennel
Fundraising Events
Tribute Giving
Legacy Giving
Build Your Will
Corporate Giving
Mobile Giving
Donate a Vehicle
Our Supporters
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer
Foster
Membership
Team Experience Day
What We Do
Adopt a Pet
Animal Intake
Dog Walking
Lost & Found
Strays
Toronto Spay/Neuter
Durham Spay/Neuter
Pet Parent Support Network
Trap Neuter Return
Dog Training Classes
Virtual Training Classes
Feline Behaviour Consultations
Wellness Services
News & Events
Press Releases
Animal Talk
Calendar of Events
Happy Tails
In The News
Social Media Spotlight
Colouring Book
Video Conference Backgrounds
Education & Advocacy
In The Community
Public Education
Toronto Feral Cats
Don't Kitnap Kittens
Insurance
Donate Now
Location & Hours
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Adopt a Pet
Donate Now
Sponsor a Kennel
Sponsor a Kennel
Home
Privacy
Toggle navigation
Privacy
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Policy is based upon the Canadian Standards Association (CSA) Model Code and reflects as well the requirements of applicable legislation.
Protecting your Privacy
Toronto Humane Society (hereinafter "THS") recognizes the importance of privacy and is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information that is collected from you by the various departments within THS, how we manage that personal information, and how that personal information is used.
Toronto Humane Society is responsible for the personal information that that organization collects, and stores and uses. To ensure accountability and ease of access in this regard, THS have designated a single Privacy Officer to oversee compliance by THS with this Privacy Policy. The contact information for our Privacy Officer may be found towards the end of this Privacy Policy.
All departments within THS are required to act in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and your personal information will never be used or disclosed in a way not described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Defining Personal Information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. Exceptions include business contact information and publicly available information such as name, address, and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories.
Where an individual uses his or her home contact information as business contact information as well, we consider such information not to be subject to protection as personal information. Personal information does not include anonymous or non-personal information (i.e., information that cannot be associated with or tracked back to a specific individual).
2. Privacy Practices
Personal information gathered by THS will be treated with respect. We are responsible for all personal information in our possession.
All employees, agents and authorized service providers of THS are required to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. We keep your personal information and the business you do with us in strict confidence.
Where we choose to have certain services provided by third party providers, we select the service providers carefully. We take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the service provider protects your personal information. These service providers enter into confidentiality agreements and do not keep any personal information on their files.
Our staff are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reasons for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place and continue to be enhanced to ensure that information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained.
We collect, use and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in light of the circumstances. We routinely offer individuals we deal with the opportunity to opt not to have their information shared for purposes beyond those for which it was explicitly collected.
3. Identifying Purposes
We collect, use or disclose information only for use in the administration of our programs, including animal adoption, microchip registration, pet health insurance registration, TNR clinics, owned animal clinic appointments and animal foster care and to keep you informed and up to date on the activities of THS, including programs, services, special events, funding needs, opportunities to volunteer.
4. Consent
THS obtains the consent of individuals before or when it collects, uses or discloses personal information, except where authorized by law.
5. Limiting Collection
THS will limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by the Toronto Humane Society. Personal information shall be collected by fair and lawful means.
6. We do not sell your personal information
We do not sell your personal information. We share your personal information with other organizations only in the following circumstances:
THS may share name and address information of donors with likeminded organizations, only after you have had an opportunity to decline. This process of trading information with other like-minded organizations is common and an important way for us to solicit new funds to help our work continue.
7. Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
THS will not use, disclose or retain personal information other than for the purposes for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual, or as permitted or required by law.
In addition, third party service providers may be engaged by THS to perform a variety of functions. These third party suppliers have access to personal information only if needed to perform the functions for which they are retained. We always direct that such third party suppliers may only use any personal information provided to them for the purpose of performing their roles and may not retain it or use it for any other purpose. In these cases, where the information is transferred to a third party, we will demand reasonable assurance that the third parties will protect your information in conformity with our privacy practices. THS will not otherwise disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except as may be permitted or required by law, or with your consent.
8. Accuracy and Safeguarding your Information
THS will keep personal information as accurate, complete and current as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. We will protect personal information with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
9. Individual Access and Openness
Upon written request, and subject to exemptions stipulated by law, THS will inform an individual of the existence, use and disclosure of their personal information and will provide access to that information. An individual may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
10. Inquiries, Concerns and Requests for Access
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to review, verify, obtain a copy, update or correct your personal information or if you wish to deposit a written comment in your file or a request to delete such information, please contact the office of the Privacy Officer for the region in which you live. Please note that all requests to access personal information must be in writing or by e-mail.
Chief Privacy Officer
Toronto Humane Society
11 River Street
Toronto, Ontario
M5A 4C2