http://www.episcopalfoundation.org/about/privacy
Search
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Episcopal Church Foundation
Search
Menu
Calendar
Calendar of Events
Programs
Developing Leadership
Fellowship Partners Program
Educational Events
Resources for Ministry
­Endowment Management Solutions
­Donor-advised Fund
Planned Giving
Capital Campaigns
ECF Lilly Endowment National Initiative
Vision & Planning
Strategic Solutions
Tools & Ideas
Vital Practices
Congregational Vitality Assessment
Spanish Language Resources
ECF Publications
About
Who We Are
Mission, Vision & Impacts
News
Board of Directors
Staff
History
Prior ECF Initiatives
How to Support ECF
Positions Available
Financial Statements
Email Signup
Ways to Give
How Your Support Helps
Give Online
Other Ways to Give
Contribute to a Special Fund
Make a Planned Gift
Frequently Asked Questions
Employer Matching Gifts
Update Your Contact Information
Email Signup
About
Share
Twitter
Facebook
Email
Privacy Policy
The Episcopal Church Foundation does not collect personal information about individual users except when individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, if you communicate your First and Last name, physical address, telephone number and e-mail you are voluntarily providing us with this information. If you fill out a user profile form you are voluntarily providing us with the information you enter. Any personal information that you may share with us that help's this site function or assists us in fulfilling your request or order is kept absolutely private. Neither your name nor anything about you is sold or shared with any other non-affiliated company or agency.
Under certain circumstances, the disclosure of your personal information without prior notice to you may be required by law or court order or requested by governmental authorities, for example in connection with law enforcement activities or in response to a subpoena. Except in such circumstances, personally identifiable information on individual users will not be given, sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.
The Episcopal Church Foundation reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement via electronic means. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Legal Disclaimer
NOTICE: The information and recommendations ("Information") on this World Wide Web (WWW) server are presented to you in good faith. This Information is believed to be correct as of the date you view it, however, The Episcopal Church Foundation makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of any of this Information. You assume the entire risk of relying on this Information.
This Information is supplied to you on the condition that you or any other person receiving this Information will make their own determination as to its suitability for any purpose prior to any use of this Information. In no event will The Episcopal Church Foundation or its subsidiaries be responsible for damages of any nature whatsoever resulting from the use of or reliance upon this Information or any product referred to in this Information.
This Information is not to be construed as recommendation to use any information, product, process, equipment, or formulation that conflicts with any patent, copyright, or trademark, and The Episcopal Church Foundation makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, that any use of this Information will not infringe on any patent, copyright, or trademark.
NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IS MADE CONCERNING THE GOODS DESCRIBED OR THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN.
The Episcopal Church Foundation makes no commitment to update or correct any Information that appears on the Internet or on this WWW server. All Information on this WWW is copyright, The Episcopal Church Foundation on the date it is first made available to the public on this WWW server.
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Donate