http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/legal/lgln/05.2003.html
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021 May 2003
Editor: Prof. Arthur S.
Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax
431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Alan J.
Jacobs, Esq., New York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Todd V. Lamb,
Esq., New York; Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; Sharon McGowan, Esq., Washington,
D.C.; Tara Scavo, Student, NY Law School ‘03; Daniel R Schaffer, New York
City; Audrey E. Weinberger, Student, NY Law School ‘05; Robert Wintemute,
Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer,
LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le_gal@earthlink.net.
(C) 2003 by the Lesbian &
Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
9TH CIRCUIT FINDS AN
“ESTABLISHED CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS” AGAINST DISCRIMINATION FOR GAYS
Holding that the “right to be
free from intentional discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation was
clearly established,” the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit
has ruled that school officials who deliberately ignore harassment targeting
students because of their real or perceived sexual orientation are not entitled
to qualified immunity from suit. _Flores v. Morgan Hill Unified School
District_, 324 F.3d 1130 (April 8, 2003).  Just
a week earlier, a California federal district court rejected the attempts of
school officials to dismiss the claims of a lesbian middle school student who
was prevented from attending her physical education class solely because of her
sexual orientation, similarly finding gay equal protection rights to be
“well-established.” _Massey v. Banning Unified School District_, 2003 WL
1877841 (C.D. Cal., March 28, 2003).
In their complaint, the
_Flores_ plaintiffs alleged that they suffered anti-gay harassment by their
classmates during their time as students within the Morgan Hill Unified School
District. Between 1991 and 1998, the plaintiffs were harassed either because
they were lesbian, gay or bisexual, or were perceived to be gay by their
classmates.
For example, lead plaintiff
Alana Flores found pornography and notes to the effect of “Die, dyke bitch”
inside her locker. When she brought these incidents to the attention of the
assistant principal and asked to be assigned a new locker, the assistance
principal allegedly responded by asking Flores whether she was in fact gay, and
if not, why she was crying. Even though this pattern of harassment continued,
the school refused to assign Flores a new locker and took no other action.
Another student, FF, who was attending Martin Murphy Middle School, was beaten
by six other students who said, “Faggot, you don’t belong here.” Although
the brutal attack put FF in the hospital, the principal and assistant principal
only punished one of the six students involved, and transferred FF to another
school. A group of boys at Live Oak High School verbally harassed two female
students who were known to be dating. In addition, the boys made crude hand
gestures towards the girls and pelted them with plastic cups. When the girls
informed school administrators about the attack, the assistant principal simply
told the girls to report the incident to a campus police officer. The assistant
principal neither followed up with the students after the attack nor conducted
her own investigation of the incident.
Another female student, JD, was
repeatedly subjected to name-calling and food throwing because of her sexual
orientation. She complained to the campus monitor, but the monitor refused to
take any action, even when this harassment occurred in her presence. When
students in JD’s physical education class called her “dyke” and
“queer” and commented that they did not want JD looking at them in the
locker room, rather than addressing the students’ homophobic conduct, the
teacher instead suggested that JD change clothes away from the locker room so
that her classmates would not feel uncomfortable. [Physical education classes
have emerged as a frequent site of discriminatory treatment against LGBT
students, as can be seen in _Massey_, discussed below.]
The plaintiffs filed suit in
federal court, bringing claims under 42 U.S.C. 1983 and Title IX of the
Secondary Education Act (forbidding sex discrimination in educational
institutions that receive federal funding), as well as state claims under the
California constitution and state anti-discrimination statutes. The defendants,
who included the various school officials named in the complaint, first moved
for summary judgment on the merits of the equal protection claim. The district
court granted the motion with regard to the members of the school board named in
the complaint on the ground that there was insufficient evidence to support an
allegation of sexual orientation discrimination by the school board. The court
denied the motion, however, with regard to the various school administrators,
after finding that there was sufficient evidence to create a triable issue of
fact.
The remaining defendants then
filed a motion for summary judgment on the basis of qualified immunity.
Concluding that the law was clearly established with regard to the
unconstitutionality of sexual orientation discrimination, the district court
denied the motion. Considering the case on appeal, the 9th Circuit
postponed a decision on the merits, and remanded the case for additional
consideration in light of the Supreme Court’s recent decision in _Saucier v.
Katz_, 533 U.S. 194 (2001), which requires lower courts to determine first
whether the alleged facts establish a constitutional violation before
considering whether the law was clearly established. On remand, the district
court held that the plaintiffs presented evidence upon which a jury could find
that the defendants failed to take action to stop the harassment and that their
actions were motivated by the plaintiffs’ actual or perceived sexual
orientation. The district court then reaffirmed that the right to be free from
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation was clearly established.
This time around, the 9th
Circuit affirmed the district court’s decision on the merits. Writing for the
court, Chief Judge Schroeder first examined whether the facts alleged by the
plaintiffs could establish a constitutional violation, noting that, to succeed
on their section 1983 claim, the plaintiffs were required to demonstrate that
the defendants, acting under color of state law, discriminated against them as
members of an identifiable class and that the discrimination was intentional.
The court reiterated that, under the law of the circuit, those alleging
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation satisfy the “identifiable
class” prong, and moved on to the question of whether the discrimination was
intentional.
Viewing the record in the light
most favorable to the plaintiffs, the court found that the defendants apparently
treated complaints of harassment based on sexual orientation differently from
other types of harassment.  Although
school district policies prohibited harassment of any kind, the school official
defendants apparently failed to enforce these policies to protect students who
either were or were perceived to be gay. Therefore, plaintiffs had adequately
demonstrated differential treatment. The court then ruled that the evidence was
sufficient to support a finding that the defendants acted either intentionally
or with deliberate indifference, either of which would be sufficient to satisfy
the “intent” element.
Judge Schroeder reviewed the
allegations with regard to each of the defendant school officials and determined
that, in each case, the officials either took no action or made patently
inadequate responses to the students’ complaints of harassment. With regard to
the incidents at Live Oak High School, the court noted that, even though the
students were encouraged to report the incident to campus police, the assistant
principal took no action to locate or discipline the harassing students. The
failure of school officials to respond to the homophobic epithets and
pornography left in Alana Flores’ locker likewise rose to the level of a
constitutional violation of equal protection. Finally, the court emphasized that
only one of the six students responsible for the attack that placed FF in the
hospital had been disciplined. These minimal and inadequate actions, in the
court’s view, reflected the deliberate indifference of the defendant school
officials to the sexual orientation harassment occurring in their institutions.
The court also found merit in
the plaintiffs’ claim of failure to train. Even though sexual orientation
harassment was specifically prohibited in the school district, the defendants
inadequately communicated anti-harassment policies to students despite
defendants’ awareness of hostility toward homosexual students. Likewise, the
school provided no training for teachers, students and campus monitors about how
to deal with sexual orientation harassment. The numerous incidents of harassment
put school officials on notice that there was an obvious need for training.
Therefore, the discrimination suffered by the plaintiffs was “a highly
predictable consequence of the defendants not providing that training.”
Turning next to the question of
whether the right to be free from discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation was “clearly established,” the court determined that the case
law existing at the time of the events in question provided the defendants with
“fair warning” that their conduct was unlawful. Emphasizing that the court
need not find a prior case with identical or even “materially similar” facts
in order to rule that the law was “clearly established,” the court noted
that “[a]s early as 1990, we established the underlying proposition that such
conduct violates constitutional rights,” and cited its ruling in _High Tech
Gays v. DISCO_, 895 F.2d 563 (9th Cir. 1990), that “state employees
who treat individuals differently on the basis of their sexual orientation
violate the constitutional guarantee of equal protection.” The court rejected
the defendants’ alternative argument that the law was not clearly established
because no statute or federal regulation spelled out any such constitutional
duty. While acknowledging that its analysis drew heavily from the Seventh
Circuit’s decision in _Nabozny v. Podlesny_, 92 F.3d 446 (7th Cir.
1996), the court noted the _Nabozny_ court “went out of its way to point out
that the unconstitutionality of the defendants’ conduct did not turn on the
existence of the state statute” explicitly prohibiting schools from
discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation. Therefore, “the absence of
a state statute [in this case] does not point us to a conclusion that differs
from that of the Seventh Circuit.”
Defending their actions, the
school officials insisted that, even if the right was clearly established, no
prior case had defined the scope of a school administrator’s duty to
investigate or remedy peer sexual orientation harassment. Therefore, according
to their argument, they should not be held liable simply because they fell short
of the ideal response. In rejecting this argument, the court noted that the
violation at issue in this case did not stem from the fact that the harassment
occurred, but rather from the school officials’ discriminatory enforcement of
the anti-harassment policies. Specifically, “[t]he guarantee of equal
protection . . . requires the defendants to enforce District policies in cases
of peer harassment of homosexual and bisexual students in the same way that they
enforce those policies in cases of peer harassment of heterosexual students.”
The court was also not
persuaded by the defendants’ argument that, while their actions may have been
ineffective, the fact that they took any action at all should preclude a finding
of deliberate indifference. Without dwelling on the point, the court simply
noted that plaintiffs’ evidence could convince a jury that “defendants took
no more than the minimal amount of action in response to the complaints of
harassment,” which would demonstrate deliberate indifference.
As the defendants could offer
the court no “rational basis for permitting one student to assault another
based on the victim’s sexual orientation,” the court affirmed the district
court’s finding that qualified immunity was inappropriate in this case, and
remanded the matter for further proceedings.
In _Massey_, which stemmed from
incidents occurring just last year, the plaintiff, an eighth grade student at
Coombs Middle School, sued various school officials after her physical education
teacher refused to let her attend gym class. Apparently having learned that
Massey told a friend that she was a lesbian in response to the friend’s
question, Massey’s gym teacher called her mother and stated that the other
girls in the class were uncomfortable with her presence in the locker room
because of her sexual orientation. The teacher acknowledged that Massey had
never made any inappropriate sexual comments, had never engaged in inappropriate
sexual conduct or acted in an inappropriate manner, and was otherwise meeting
the requirements of the class.
The day after making this call,
the gym teacher informed Massey that she was no longer allowed to attend class
and instructed her to report to the principal’s office. For the next week and
a half, Plaintiff was required to sit in the principal’s office every day
during the time scheduled for physical education. No school official met with
Massey or contacted her mother to discuss the fact that such action had been
taken. Furthermore, other students observing Massey in the principal’s office
assumed that she was there for disciplinary reasons. Massey’s mother only
learned that her daughter had been barred from attending physical education
classes while at the school for an unrelated meeting.
Soon thereafter, Plaintiff
filed a lawsuit, bringing claims under sec. 1983, the California Education Code
and the Unruh Civil Rights Act. She alleged that the defendants’ conduct
caused her significant emotional damage, as the officials’ decision to force
her to sit in the principal’s office “humiliated her and made her feel that
she was being punished because of her sexual orientation.”
Faced with defendants’ motion
to dismiss on grounds of immunity, the district court rejected arguments that
the Eleventh Amendment or other qualified immunity principles stood as a barrier
to Plaintiff’s lawsuit. With regard to the Eleventh Amendment, the court noted
that the Plaintiff was suing the school officials in their personal capacity,
and therefore was not attempting to collect money damages from the state by
bringing claims in federal court. Furthermore, to the extent that the Plaintiff
was seeking injunctive and declaratory relief to prevent such action from
happening in the future, the Eleventh Amendment posed no bar.
Presaging the 9th
Circuit’s analysis in the ruling described above, the court then found that
Massey had alleged facts sufficient to make out a violation of her
constitutional rights and that her constitutional right to be free from unequal
treatment on the basis of sexual orientation was clearly established law in the
9th Circuit. The court also rejected defendants’ claim that they
were entitled to “discretionary acts” immunity under the California
Government Code, and defendants’ suggestion that Massey lacked standing to
pursue her claims.
James Emery and Jill Ginstling
represented the _Flores_ plaintiffs, and Martha Matthews of the ACLU of Southern
California served as lead counsel for Massey. The National Center for Lesbian
Rights has provided significant assistance in both cases, and both the ACLU of
Northern California and the ACLU’s Lesbian & Gay Rights Project have
played an active role in the _Flores_ litigation. _Sharon McGowan_
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
New Mexico
Legislative/Executive Trifecta: Simultaneous Measures on Discrimination, Hate
Crimes, and Partner Benefits; State High Court Recognizeds Consortium Claim
With three strokes of his pen,
New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson transformed his state from a gay rights
backwater to one of the nation’s leaders.
Early in April,  Richardson
signed into law S.B. 38, titled the “Hate Crimes Act,” under which courts
are authorized to impose an enhanced sentence if the jury finds that a
defendant’s non-capital felony was motivated by hate on the basis of the
victim’s actual or perceived race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry,
gender, sexual orientation or gender identity.
On the same date, the governor signed into law S.B. 28, which amends the
state’s civil rights laws to add sexual orientation and gender identity to the
list of forbidden grounds for discrimination in employment, housing or real
estate transactions, public accommodations and credit.  Then Richardson signed an executive order, No. 2003-0010,
extending employee benefits to the committed same-sex partners of state
employees.  In order to qualify for
benefits, partners must have lived together for 12 or more consecutive months
and execute an affidavit indicating that they share responsibility for each
other’s welfare and financial obligations. _The New Mexican_, Santa Fe, April
10.
The enactment makes New Mexico
only the third state to outlaw discrimination on the basis of gender identity,
and the fourteenth to outlaw discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation,
in addition to the District of Columbia.  Actually,
New Mexico is the thirteenth to adopt wide-ranging protection against sexual
orientation, as Hawaii’s law relates solely to employment.
In addition to the fourteen states generally enumerated, Oregon is
sometimes counted as having a sexual orientation discrimination ban based on an
appellate court ruling construing the state’s ban on sex discrimination.
New Mexico is, apparently, the only state to ban both sexual orientation
and gender identity discrimination while providing enhanced penalties for hate
crimes directed at gay or transgendered persons.
Among the other states,
measures to ban sexual orientation discrimination pending in Illinois and
Delaware are given the best chances of success this year.
A measure passed the lower house in Washington State, but is stalled in
the Republican-controlled state senate.
Based on 2000 U.S. census
figures, with the addition of New Mexico and counting the District of Columbia,
approximately 95 million Americans live in states that ban sexual orientation
discrimination in employment (and, because Hawaii has such a small population,
the number of Americans who live in states that ban sexual orientation
discrimination in housing and public accommodations is also above 94 million).
This accounts for about one-third of the nation’s population.
If one adds population for cities and counties that ban such
discrimination in states that lack such laws, it is likely that a majority of
the population is governed by sexual orientation non-discrimination principles.
(Among the large cities in such states are Chicago, Atlanta, Detroit,
Austin, Dallas, Denver, New Orleans, St. Louis, Kansas City, Cleveland,
Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Seattle, and Miami.)
To top off the interesting
developments from New Mexico, on March 24 the state Supreme Court expanded the
scope of permissible claims for loss of consortium to unmarried cohabitants.
In _Lozoya v. Sanchez_, 2003 WL 1873573, Mrs. Lozoya was suing for loss
of consortium as a result of two auto accidents in which her husband was
involved as a victim.  Each of the
accidents involved a different defendant who rear-ended Mr. Lozoya’s car.
The Lozoyas had been living together for decades without benefit of legal
marriage until after the first accident.  Then
they married.  Then he had the
second accident.   The jury
determined that the first driver was negligent but the second driver was not.
The trial court ruled that Mrs. Lozoya could not assert a loss of
consortium claim against the first driver, because she was not married to Mr.
Lozoya when the accident took place.  Reversing
the district court, Justice Pamela Minzner wrote that the justifications
underlying the common law rule limiting loss of consortium to close legal family
members were no longer valid, in light of the large number of unmarried
cohabitants.  She rejected the
argument that such a ruling would be inconsistent with New Mexico’s prior
abolition of common law marriage, asserting that the ability to sue for loss of
consortium is not a “benefit of marriage” but rather a legal recognition
that a compensable loss has occurred to the plaintiff for which the defendant
should be responsible.  Although the
case involved an opposite-sex couple, much of the court’s discussion uses
gender-neutral language.  Having
abandoned the bright-line test of marriage for determining eligibility to assert
such a claim, the court described various factors that a fact-finder could
examine in determining on a case-by-case basis whether a particular cohabiting
relationship was sufficient close to justify allowing a loss of consortium
claim.  Many of these factors would
be relevant to a same-sex couple, especially if they had an opportunity to
register their partnership or conclude a Vermont civil union!
A.S.L.
Federal Court Grants TRO to Gay
Straight Alliance in Kentucky High School Case
U.S. District Judge David L.
Bunning (E.D.Ky.) ruled on April 18 that a Gay Straight Alliance formed by
students at Boyd County High School in Cannonsburg, Kentucky, is entitled to
hold meetings at the school on the same basis as other student organizations,
pending a full trial on the merits of their case. _Boyd County High School Gay
Straight Alliance v. Board of Education of Boyd County_, 2003 WL 1919323.
Bunning, a recent appointee to the federal court by George W. Bush, made
his ruling in the face of angry protests by local religious leaders and parents
against the school’s initial decision to allow the club to meet.
Early in 2002, several students
at the school circulated petitions to form a student club, and secured the
agreement of a faculty member to be an advisor.  When the circulation of petitions stirred up significant
protest from anti-gay students, the school’s principal asked  the gay students to delay submitting their petitions until
later in the semester.  They agreed,
and didn’t submit the petitions until March.
The petitions had to go to the Site-Based Decision Making Council, which
consisted of the school principal, three teachers and two parents.
The Council decided that the petition had been submitted too late in the
semester, and instructed the students to resubmit their petition in the fall.
The GSA proponents resubmitted
their petition, but encountered stonewalling from the Council in the fall, and
although all the other timely petitions from student groups were approved at the
first Council meeting in the fall term, it took several meetings before the GSA
petition was approved on October 28, 2002.
Council meetings are held in the school auditorium and are open to
anybody who wanted to attend.  When
the vote was announced in favor of approving the GSA, the large number of
opponents (including parents, local religious leaders and students) present in
the audience reacted with anger, shouting, and threatening gestures at the small
band of GSA proponents present in the crowd.
The school principal later
testified that “it took some effort just to calm the meeting down and get
through it and get out of there.  That
was the first time that I stared into the face of someone that I thought would
hurt someone involved in this issue if given the opportunity.
That was alarming to me and frightening and disheartening.”
A member of the county school
board who was present at the meeting testified that she “was appalled at the
reaction of the group, the audience.  There
was nothing but hatred in that room and ignorance showed by moms and dads and
grandparents.  When I left that
meeting, I honestly thought that, you know, yes, a GSA is very much needed in
our community, and these people right here needed to be mandated to go to it.
It was horrible.  And I
literally left that meeting with a fear of what was going to happen in our
school the next few days.”
The fear was not misplaced.
Local Christian ministers whipped up community protest and stimulated
students to picket the school two days later, urging other students not to enter
the building, although the principal was able to defuse the demonstration and
get most of the students back to classes before the first scheduled class
period.  However, just a few days
later, an organized boycott resulted in about half of the school’s students
being absent.
Reacting to the situation, the
school board held several emergency meetings, and on December 20 voted
unanimously to suspend all student clubs, both curricular and noncurricular, for
the remainder of the school year through July 1, 2003.
However, it turned out that this official ban was something of a
subterfuge, since several student clubs continued to meet, some with official
approval and some without, although the GSA was not allowed to meet.
(Several GSA members did congregate once a week during homeroom period in
the classroom of their faculty advisor, but did not conduct a formal meeting.)
The ACLU filed a lawsuit on
behalf of the GSA and several of its members, asserting that the school was
violating the federal Equal Access Act, 20 U.S.C. 4071 et seq., which provides
that any high school that receives federal funds and that allows noncurricular
student clubs to meet must not discriminate against particular clubs based on
such factors as religion, politics or the substantive subject matter of the
club.  The statute was passed by
huge majorities in Congress in response to incidents in which schools refused to
allow student Bible and prayer clubs to meet for fear of violating the
Establishment of Religion clause of the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights,
and its proponents were mainly concerned with allowing religious students to
hold such meetings at school, but concerns about the government’s obligations
under the Equal Protection Clause led them to structure the law in such a way
that it has proven useful to students attempting to form Gay Straight Alliances
at their high schools.  The lawsuit
also asserts violations of the First Amendment and the Kentucky Education Reform
Act.
In recent years, federal
district courts in California and Utah have ruled that public school refusals to
allow GSA organizations to meet on campus violate the Equal Access Act.
The response of school administrators to demands for GSA recognition has
in some cases been to ban all student clubs in order to keep GSAs out of their
schools, but such attempts have fallen down when students insisted on holding
other club meetings.
At Boyd County High School, the
groups that persisted in meeting after the school board’s December 20
resolution included the Drama Club, the Bible Club, the class Executive Councils
(which were primarily concerned with planning student dances), and the Beta
Club, which organized student public service activities.
Although school officials claimed that these were not officially
sanctioned meetings and that the groups had some sort of curricular connection,
nonetheless they were taking place at the school, faculty advisors were meeting
with students in some instances, and posters and public address announcements
about their activities were taking place.  And
similar clubs at other schools that experienced Equal Access Act litigation had
been determined to be non-curricular clubs.
The first step in this kind of
litigation is for the plaintiffs to seek a temporary order from the court to
allow them to meet pending the final outcome of the lawsuit.
In order to grant such an order, the judge has to find that the
plaintiffs have a strong probability of winning the case on the merits, that
they will suffer irreparable injury if they don’t receive temporary relief,
and that the public interest will be served.
In this case, Judge Bunning
easily found that all the requirements were met.  It was clear, based on the rulings in earlier cases, that the
Bible Club, the Drama Club, the Executive Councils and the Beta Club would all
be considered noncurricular clubs, and the school’s willingness to let them
meet on campus, even informally, brought the Equal Access Act into play.
The biggest potential sticking point was the provision in the Act that
allows schools to ban student activities that would “materially and
substantially interfere with the orderly conduct of educational opportunities
within the school,” or would limit the school’s ability “to maintain order
and discipline on school premises, to protect the well-being of students and
faculty.”
Opposing the proposed court
order, the school argued that the response by the community and other students
to the approval of GSA during the fall term, the picketing and boycotting and
threats, were sufficient to meet the Act’s conditions for allowing the school
to ban a club, but Judge Bunning decisively disagreed.
Looking back at an important Supreme Court decision that had upheld the
rights of high school students to wear armbands in protest of the Vietnam War,
Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Community School District (1969), Bunning found
it well-established that the issue was not whether the presence of GSA would
cause other people to disrupt the school, but rather whether the GSA’s own
activities would disrupt the school.
On this score, there was no
question that GSA was a totally non-disruptive group.  Its members merely wished to hold meetings in a classroom
during the time designated for student club meetings, and they had not reacted
in a disruptive manner to the provocations of other students.
Apart from one isolated incident, Bunning found that there was no
evidence that any GSA member had been less than exemplary in their conduct
during this whole situation.   Bunning
found that the constitutional concerns identified in the Tinker case had been
incorporated into the Equal Access Act, such that “a school may not deny equal
access to a student group because student and community opposition to the group
substantially interferes with the school’s ability to maintain order and
discipline, even though equal access is not required if the student group itself
substantially interferes with the school’s ability to maintain order and
discipline.”
“While Defendants argue that
these protests and the public uproar surrounding the GSA Club have materially
and substantially interfered with the orderly conduct of educational activities
at BCHS, limited their authority to maintain order and discipline, and limited
their ability to protect the well-being of students and faculty,” wrote
Bunning, “the facts simply do not support such a conclusion.”
He pointed out that “there was no evidence presented during the hearing
that either GSA members or GSA Club meetings were disruptive.”
Furthermore, even though outside agitators had fomented picketing and
boycotts, Bunning found that “school officials did an excellent job
maintaining the educational environment at BCHS,” and that classes went on as
scheduled, albeit with fewer students present during the picketing and boycotts.
Concluding that GSA had met all
the requirements, Bunning issued the requested temporary restraining order,
noting that several GSA members were seniors who would never get a chance to
attend an officially sanctioned GSA meeting if the relief was denied.
According to reports on April
19 and 23 in the _Louisville Courier-Journal_, the school board has been
deadlocked about whether to attempt to appeal Bunning’s order to the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit in Cincinnati, but in the
meantime officials at the high school indicated that the GSA would be allowed to
meet.  The school board realizes
that they could block GSA meetings without violating Judge Bunning’s order by
cracking down on the other student clubs and forcibly preventing them from
meeting, but there is strong opposition to doing that.
A.S.L.
Utah Courts Reject Suit Seeking
Discharge of Lesbian Teacher
In 1998, Wendy Weaver prevailed
in a discrimination suit against the Nebo School District in Utah, winning her
reinstatement as a high school volleyball coach and thwarting an attempt by the
district to impose a ban on her public discussion of her sexual orientation.
_Weaver v. Nebo School District_, 29 F. Supp. 2d 1279 (D. Utah 1998), discussed
in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_, Dec. 1998. While that case was being litigated, a
group of disgruntled local residents filed a state court lawsuit against the
state education department, claiming that it should be seeking Wendy Weaver’s
discharge. _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_, Sept. 1998.  The plaintiffs alleged that the teacher violated the
state’s sodomy law and the certification requirement that teachers and
psychologists possess good moral character. The suit alleged that the education
department and other state agencies acted illegally by failing to suspend her
certification and require the school district to discharge her. The actions by
the plaintiffs sought declaratory judgments that Weaver had violated statutes
and the Utah Constitution.
The Utah Supreme Court threw the case out of court because the plaintiffs raised
no justiciable controversy. _Miller v. Weaver_, 66 P.3d 592 (Apr. 4, 2003).
In addition to Weaver’s being openly lesbian, the plaintiffs objected
to her administering personality tests to her students (she teaches psychology),
scoring and discussing the results of those tests in class, and requiring
students to keep dream journals and interpret their dreams in class. Weaver had
also allegedly criticized and disparaged the Mormon Church during class and
pressured a student to express his religious and moral beliefs in a hostile
class environment. According to the plaintiffs, Weaver encouraged students to
question traditional sources of authority and determine for themselves whether
“alternative lifestyles” are right or wrong.
Weaver moved to dismiss the suit, and, for the most part, the Utah district
court went along, letting just two counts stand. The plaintiffs agreed to drop
these two counts so that the Utah Supreme Court could hear an appeal of a final
order disposing of all claims. Writing for the court, Justice Wilkins framed the
questions as: (1) whether the plaintiffs presented legally sufficient claims for
a declaratory judgment action, and (2) whether the complaints plead sufficient
facts to establish a prima facie violation of the statutes and regulations at
issue that would serve as a basis for  declaratory judgment.
The state’s Declaratory Judgments Act grants a district court jurisdiction to
determine any question of construction or validity of a statute that affects the
rights, status, or other legal relations of any person and to declare that
person’s rights, status, or legal relations under a statute.
The Supreme Court further requires that there be a justiciable controversy in
which the plaintiff has a protectible interest at law or in equity and the right
to a judgment, and the judgment, when pronounced, must be one that would give
specific relief.
The Supreme Court concluded that the case against Weaver was not justiciable
because (1) it lacked a plaintiff with a protectible legal interest, and (2) it
would fail to produce a judgment that would serve a useful purpose or grant
specific relief.   There is no
protectible legal interest because no private right of action exists in Utah
against a school district employee; actions against school district employees
are the responsibility of the Professional Practices Advisory Commission,
established by Utah statute. Disciplinary actions against a teacher must be
taken before the bodies authorized to act: the local school district, the
Commission, and the State Board of Education. The Supreme Court ruled there was
no justiciable controversy because entering a decree would not end the dispute
that led to the proceeding. The courts may not issue mere advisory opinions or
judgments on non-justiciable controversies. Even if the court were to issue a
decree, Weaver would remain a teacher, students would continue to take her
classes, and the school board would remain free to refuse action on the
plaintiffs’ complaints.
If the plaintiffs feel that the State Board of Education is failing to comply
with its own procedures, the plaintiffs must ask the court to compel the Board
to act. The court may not act in the Board's stead. The plaintiffs' requests are
“for advisory opinions on multifaceted matters,
answers to which could scarcely fail to proliferate rather than resolve
controversy.”  Although Utah
allows taxpayer standing to challenge illegal expenditures by political
subdivisions of the state, there is no standing to bring an action against an
individual.
The Supreme Court awarded Weaver her costs on appeal, but refused to award
punitive relief, which Weaver requested on the basis of the plaintiffs’
complete failure to address the rulings of the lower court. _Alan J. Jacobs_
The First Lesbian Divorce?
Two West Virginia women
obtained what is believed to be the first dissolution of a Vermont Civil Union
outside Vermont. _In Re The Marriage of Misty Gorman, Petitioner, and Sherry
Gump, Respondent_, In the Family Court of Marion County, West Virginia, No.
02-D-292, December 19, 2002.
According to Judge David P. Born, Misty Gorman and Sherry Gump entered into a
civil union on July 3, 2000, in Bennington, Vermont. Two years later, Gorman
asked the court to dissolve the union, citing irreconcilable differences. Gump
did not contest.  Judge Born noted
that no
children were born to or adopted by either party during the relationship; that
neither was requesting alimony; and that financial terms had been resolved.
He then observed, “The parties are citizens of West Virginia in need of
a judicial remedy to dissolve a legal relationship created by the laws of
another state.”  That simple
statement may be the first instance in which a court outside Vermont has
recognized a same-sex union created in Vermont.
It follows at least two failed
efforts to obtain dissolutions outside Vermont. The first such case was brought
by Glenn Rosengarten of Greenwich, Connecticut.  The Superior Court held that since Connecticut doesn't
recognize civil unions, there was nothing for it to dissolve. The Appellate
Court upheld the lower court’s decision, stating: “The Vermont Legislature
cannot legislate for the people of Connecticut.”
Mr. Rosengarten died before he could appeal to the state Supreme Court.
_See Rosengarten v. Downes_, 802 A.2d 170 (Conn. Ct. App. 2002).
Last year, Russell Smith of
Beaumont, Texas, asked a court there to dissolve his civil union with John
Anthony.  In December, Jefferson
County District Court Judge Tom Mulvaney issued an order dissolving the union.
But Mr. Smith went on television to talk about the case, and news of the
“gay divorce” reached Texas’s conservative attorney general, Greg Abbott.
The attorney general demanded to be heard in the case, and Judge Mulvaney
ordered a rehearing, with the attorney general as an intervenor.
Smith then withdrew his petition, explaining that he couldn’t afford to
fight the attorney general.  That
left a number of important questions – including whether the attorney general
has standing to intervene in a divorce or dissolution case – unresolved by the
Texas courts. _ Fred A. Bernstein_
Surviving Vermont Civil Union
Partner Can Sue for Wrongful Death in New York
In what appears to be the first
case in which a court outside of Vermont has decided to treat the members of a
civil union as spouses for purposes of another state’s law, New York Supreme
Court Justice John P. Dunne ruled on April 14 that John Langan may sue St.
Vincent’s Hospital for the wrongful death of his late partner, Neil Conrad
Spicehandler. _Langan v. St. Vincent’s Hospital of New York_, NYLJ, 4/18/2003,
p. 23, col. 3 (N.Y.Sup.Ct., Nassau Co.). Lambda Legal Defense & Education
Fund represents Langan on his wrongful death claim.
A recent unpublished West
Virginia Family Court ruling, discussed below, authorizing the uncontested
dissolution of the civil union of a lesbian couple, implicitly recognized that
the civil union created some kind of status that needed to be dissolved in order
to disencumber the parties from legal obligations, if any, to each other, but
did not contain a full analysis of the legal issues involved, and did not
purport to affirmatively confer any sort of spousal status on the parties.
Langan and Spicehandler, met in
1986 and began living together as domestic partners in 1987.
When Vermont enacted its Civil Union Act in 2000, they went to Vermont
with about forty family members and friends and had a civil union ceremony with
a Justice of the Peace.  They were planning to adopt a child, and had purchased a
house in Massapequa, Long Island.  Just
hours after the closing on their house, Spicehandler was struck by an automobile
while walking in Manhattan.  He was
treated at St. Vincent’s Hospital, where he died after undergoing two
surgeries for injuries to his leg.  Langan
and Spicehandler’s mother have filed suit against St. Vincent’s, claiming
medical malpractice.
Langan presented many witnesses
to attest to the close family relationship that the two men had, and Justice
Dunne had no problem finding that they were indeed members of each other’s
family who had “lived together as spouses.”
Langan, as executor of Spicehandler’s estate, could sue to assert any
claims the estate might have, but could only maintain an action for his personal
economic losses stemming from the death of his partner under the state’s
Wrongful Death Act, which provides that an individual’s “distributees” can
sue for wrongful death for economic losses. “Distributees” are those who are
“entitled to take or share in the property of a decedent under the statutes
governing descent and distribution.”  In
other words, a “distributee” is somebody who inherits by virtue of their
legal relationship to somebody in the event that a person dies without leaving a
valid will.
In the Intestate Succession Act
of New York, such persons are identified as a “spouse, issue, parents,
grandparents or their issue.”  (“Issue”
are the legal children of an individual.)  Thus,
to be able to sue under the Wrongful Death Act, Langan would have to be a spouse
within the meaning of the Intestate Succession Act.
Here, he came up against the problem that in 1993 the Appellate Division
in Brooklyn, whose rulings are binding on trial judges in Nassau County, where
this case was brought, rejected a claim that a surviving gay life partner is
entitled to inherit as a surviving spouse.
Also, the Appellate Division in Manhattan had specifically ruled that a
surviving same-sex partner was not entitled to bring a wrongful death action, in
a 1998 decision.  St. Vincent’s
confidently filed a motion with Justice Dunne to reject Langan’s personal
wrongful death claim on the ground that he cannot, as a matter of New York law,
bring an action under the statute.
But Justice Dunne found that
there was a significant difference between Langan’s case and those older
cases.  Langan and Spicehandler were
joined together legally by a civil union in Vermont, unlike the surviving
partners in those earlier cases, and the question was whether that legal status
in Vermont should be recognized in New York.
And, noted Dunne, the question was not whether a Vermont civil union is a
marriage, but rather whether Langan and Spicehandler should be considered
spouses for purposes of the Wrongful Death Act, which is a much narrower and
more specific question.
Here, Dunne found it
significant that the Vermont statute actually refers to the parties in a civil
union as spouses, even though it also specifically says that a civil union is
not a marriage. The Vermont law also provides that civilly-united couples have
all the same rights under state law as married couples, and thus their status as
spouses is not just equivalent but actually, for purposes of state law, the
same.  This means that Langan could
sue for wrongful death if the medical malpractice had taken place in Vermont.
“Under principles of full faith and credit and comity,” wrote Dunne,
“and following authority which advances the concept that citizens ought to be
able to move from one state to another without concern for the validity or
recognition of their marital status, New York will recognize a marriage
sanctioned and contracted in a sister state and there appears to be no valid
legal basis to distinguish one between a same-sex couple.”
While Dunne noted that the
Vermont law specifically states that “marriage” as a status is reserved for
opposite-sex couples, he concluded that the difference between a marriage and a
civil union appears, for purposes of Vermont state law, to be one of terminology
rather than legal status.  He
concluded that “the Vermont Civil Union, which is subject to legislative
control conforms in all respects to the requirements for a marriage.
Although it explicitly reserves the title ‘marriage’ for a union
between a man and a woman, it does not so reserve the title ‘spouse,’ as a
civil union partner, like a husband or a wife, is a spouse for all purposes
under Vermont law, and the meaning of the term spouse is the only issue here.”
Dunne also found that there is
a valid argument under the Equal Protection clause for construing New York’s
Wrongful Death Act in a way that would allow Langan’s claim.
That is, although New York does not recognize common law marriages, the
state’s Court of Appeals has approved recognition of the marriages of
heterosexual couples who became common law spouses while living in a state that
recognizes that status, including for purposes of the N.Y. Estates Powers and
Trusts Law (the section of New York’s published statutes that includes both
the Wrongful Death Act and the Intestate Succession Act).
If New York would recognize an out-of-state common law marriage between a
heterosexual couple but not an out-of-state civil union between a same-sex
couple, Justice Dunne opined, there could be a legitimate claim that the
same-sex couple was being denied equal protection of the laws.
When interpreting a statute, a
court is supposed to try to adopt an interpretation that avoids raising
constitutional problems, and to adopt an interpretation that would be consistent
with the purpose of the statute.  Justice
Dunne found that the purpose of the Wrongful Death Act is to protect the
economic interest of somebody who has lost a close family member, and that in
the case of Spicehandler, the person who would need that protection would be
Langan.  The men had created an
economically interdependent household, and had just closed on a
jointly-purchased house in Massapequa. “The person most likely to have
expected support and to have suffered pecuniary injury here is plaintiff,
Spicehandler’s immediate family and spouse under the Vermont statute, and the
only legatee under his will.”
Dunne rejected the argument
that interpretation of the statute would necessarily depend on what spouse meant
when the statute was written, long before the concept of domestic partners and
civil unions was ever dreamt of.   He
asserted that “as the concepts of marriage evolve over time, leaving behind
the common law doctrine that ‘a woman was the property of her husband’ and
her ‘legal existence’ was ‘incorporated and consolidated into that of the
husband,’ so too public opinion regarding same-sex unions is evolving.”
He noted the large number of private employers that now provide domestic
partnership benefits to support this assertion.
One of the issues in deciding
whether to give effect to an out-of-state legal status is determining whether
New York’s own public policies would be offended by extending such
recognition.  In this regard, Dunne
found that in fact New York State has gone a long way towards recognizing
same-sex partners.  New York State
and New York City employees can obtain employee benefits for their same-sex
domestic partners, and the city (where St. Vincent’s is located) has adopted a
comprehensive Domestic Partnership Ordinance.
Under New York court decisions and regulations, same-sex partners can
exercise succession rights as tenants in rent-regulated apartments, and can
jointly adopt children.  New York
City recently passed an ordinance providing that Vermont civil unions are
recognized in the city for purposes of city law.
And, of course, the state recently enacted laws banning sexual
orientation discrimination and enhancing penalties for hate crimes targeting gay
people.
In light of this extensive
legislative record, and noting that unlike 37 other states, New York has not
enacted a mini-DOMA (a law specifically providing that it is against the public
policy of the state to recognize same-sex marriages conducted in other states),
Justice Dunne concluded that allowing Langan to bring this lawsuit would not
offend New York public policy.   St.
Vincent’s also argued that the federal Defense of Marriage Act would shelter
it from this lawsuit.  After
expressing some doubts about the constitutionality of that statute, which
purports to relieve the states of any obligation to recognize same-sex marriages
performed in other states, Dunne observed that federal DOMA does not order or
require states to refuse to recognize same-sex marriages from other states, but
merely purports to excuse them from doing so if they don’t want to.
Dunne also noted that what he
would be doing in allowing Langan to sue was not entirely unprecedented.
Not only does Vermont specifically authorize surviving civil union
partners to bring wrongful death suits, but California allows registered
domestic partners to bring such suits, having codified the San Francisco
Superior Court’s decision in _Smith v. Knoller_, No. 319532 (Cal., San
Francisco Superior Ct., Robertson, J., 2001), and the District of Columbia Court
of Appeals also approved a wrongful death suit by a surviving same-sex partner
in _Solomon v. District of Columbia_, 21 Fam. L. Rep.(BNA) 1316 (D.C. Super. Ct.
1995).
Dunne was careful to state that
he was only ruling, in the context of this case, on the right of a surviving
civil union partner to bring a wrongful death action, and was not purporting to
rule on any other spousal rights, such as inheritance rights or the right to
file joint tax returns. “The court will not determine whether plaintiff has a
valid marriage in the State of New York for all purposes, but only whether he
may be considered a spouse for purposes of the wrongful death statute,” he
wrote.  But the logic of much of his
decision would apply to other instances in which New York extends rights or
privileges (and imposes responsibilities) on spouses.
As such, although this is just a trial court ruling and not binding on
any other court, it marks an important breakthrough as the first case to accord
significant legal status to a Vermont Civil Union outside of Vermont.
Dunne’s extraordinarily
wide-ranging opinion undoubtedly reflects comprehensive briefing of the legal
issues by Lambda Legal, since he cites an array of facts and authorities far
beyond the usual scope of a state trial court decision.
Adam L. Aronson is the Lambda staff attorney principally responsible for
briefing the case.
Langan’s legal journey has
just begun, however, for now he will need to prove medical malpractice by St.
Vincent’s as well as the amount of damages to which he is entitled by virtue
of the loss of his partner.  And St.
Vincent’s could attempt to appeal Justice Dunne’s ruling, which appeal would
go to the Appellate Division in Brooklyn, not the most gay-friendly appellate
bench in the state, which decided the case of _Matter of Cooper,187 App.Div.2d
128 (N.Y. App. Div., 2nd Dept.), app. dismissed, 82 N.Y.2d 801 (1993), rejecting
an attempt by a surviving same-sex partner to claim a spousal share against an
estate.  Dunne had distinguished
_Cooper_ on the ground that the claimant there had not entered into a
legally-recognized relationship with the deceased.  A.S.L.
Arkansas Changes Its Tune on
Lesbian Mother Custody
On April 9, 2003, the Arkansas
Court of Appeals affirmed a judgment awarding custody of Tara and Tianna Ratliff
to their lesbian mother.  The Court
of Appeals seems to be questioning their prior precedents which were not
favorable to lesbian mothers.  _Ratliff
v. Ratliff_, 2003 WL 1856408 (Ark. App.).
More recently, the court has
emphasized that in custody cases involving a parent’s sexual activities, the
focus should be on the parent’s conduct, not on her sexual preference.
The court in this case awarded custody to the mother because she
conducted herself properly with respect to her relationships.
There was no proof she shared a bedroom with her lover or that they slept
together while the children were residing in the abode.
On the other hand, Mr. Ratliff had his sexual partner in the home while
his younger daughter was there for an overnight visit.
Mr. Ratliff also tried to interfere with the relationship between the
older daughter and her mother.  The
court noted that the heart of all child custody cases is to do what is in the
best interest of the child(ren).  In
this case both girls are very close with their mother and want to stay with her.
Both the mother and father in
this case dispute the awarded money amount of alimony, the calculation of child
support and asset distribution.  The
court however affirmed all issues and left the amounts and distributions as
determined by the trial court.
The court specifically noted
that when the Arkansas Supreme Court declared the state’s sodomy law
unconstitutional in _Jegley v. Picado_, 80 S.W.3d 332 (2002), it had noted with
apparent disapproval a prior decision of the court of appeals that had rejected
a custody claim by a lesbian mother in reliance on the criminality of her sex
life.  The court of appeals
apparently believes that its prior decision, _Thigpen v. Carpenter_, 730 S.W.2d
510 (1987), is no longer a binding precedent as a result.
The Arkansas Court of Appeals
in this case is taking a more favorable position towards lesbian mothers than it
has in the past.  By granting
custody to a lesbian mother of her two daughters, the court is making a
statement that being a lesbian does not automatically mean a person will lose
custody of their child.  The court
is more concerned with action and conduct than it is with sexual preference and
status.  Hopefully, more custody
cases will result this way and not punish parents for their sexual preference by
taking away their children. _Tara Scavo_
New Jersey Supreme Court
Rejects Reconsideration of Co-Parent Visitation Ruling
In a unanimous April 1
decision, the New Jersey Supreme Court refused to allow a lesbian co-parent to
reopen an adverse decision on her request for visitation, even though a more
recent case has established that co-parents who have bonded with the children
they were helping to raise have a presumptive right to such visitation. _A.B.
and S.B.W. v. S.E.W._, 818 A.2d 1270.  The
parties in the case are referred to in Justice Peter Verniero’s opinion for
the court by their initials.
A.B. and S.E.W. were domestic
partners beginning in 1988.  They
decided to have children together, with each woman undergoing donor insemination
with sperm from the same donor.  S.E.W.
gave birth to K.W., a girl, in April 1993, and A.B. was a full participant in
planning the pregnancy, assisting and taking care of the child.
Published birth announcements and private announcements to friends
identified both women as parents of the child.
The following year, A.B. gave birth to S.B.W., and again both women
identified fully as parents of the newborn son.
The relationship between A.B.
and S.E.W. deteriorated after S.B.W.’s birth, and the women terminated their
domestic partnership in 1996.  After
they stopped living together, S.E.W. rejected A.B.’s attempts to maintain
contact with K.W., and a lawsuit ensued.  The
trial court determined that it would not be in K.W.’s best interest to allow
A.B. to have visitation.  The ruling
was based largely on the court’s determination that K.W. was being alienated
from her birth mother by A.B., as evidenced by K.W. acting out against S.E.W. in
a variety of ways reflecting A.B.’s own disaffection from S.E.W.
The court issued an order rejecting A.B.’s petition for visitation
rights on this ground, not on the ground that lesbian co-parents are not
entitled to seek visitation.  A.B.
did not appeal this ruling within the time provided by New Jersey law.
Two years later, the New Jersey
Supreme Court issued its historic decision in <MJI>V.C. v. M.J.B._, 163
N.J. 200 (2000), in which it ruled that a same-sex co-parent has a presumptive
right to visitation if the co-parent has bonded as a psychological parent of the
child.  Seeing an opportunity to
re-establish contact with K.W., A.B. filed this new lawsuit, arguing that under
the changed law she had a presumptive right to visitation, and further that K.W.
and S.B.W., who are half-siblings, should establish some relationship with each
other.
Under New Jersey law, a final
ruling by a trial court that is not appealed can only be reopened under very
limited circumstances.  A court rule
authorizes reopening an old case “only when truly exceptional circumstances
are present.”  In a 1975 decision,
the New Jersey Supreme Court took the position that “new developments in case
law generally do not qualify as an ‘extraordinary circumstance’ as to
justify relief from a final judgment.” _Hartford Ins. Co. V. Allstate Ins.
Co._, 68 N.J. 430 (1975).  In a case
decided last year involving a child custody dispute, the court emphasized that
reopening old decisions affecting children raised a special concern, the problem
of interfering with the stability of a child’s existing life; the notion that
stability and permanency for the child are paramount.
Responding to A.B.’s new
lawsuit, the Superior Court declined to reopen the old visitation case, and the
N.J. Appellate Division upheld that decision without issuing a written opinion.
Due to the important issues involved, the New Jersey Supreme Court agreed
to consider an appeal.  “In
keeping with the traditional manner in which we treat new case law,” wrote
Verniero, “_V.C._ is not an exceptional circumstance.
Absent such a circumstance, we are constrained to uphold the trial
court’s original visitation decree.”
The court could have decided
the case without saying more, but Verniero provided arguments in support of this
disposition, noting the testimony from the original trial about how the falling
out between the women had affected K.W. “Allowing plaintiff to re-enter
K.W.’s life, six and a half years after plaintiff’s relationship with
defendant had ceased, would risk harm to the child,” wrote Verniero.
“Additionally, one expert testified that parent-child bonding and attachment
diminish over time.  In view of
those facts, K.W.’s paramount interest in stability and permanency appears to
outweigh significantly the asserted benefits of plaintiff’s requested
relief.”
The court also rejected the
argument that the visitation issue should be reopened to consider facilitating a
relationship between K.W. and her half-brother, S.B.W.
It seems that S.B.W. was diagnosed with autism after his birth, had
little interaction with K.W. while they were living together, and due to his
limitations would not be able to visit with his sister without the assistance of
A.B. or another adult. “The disruption and sudden instability that would
result from K.W.’s perspective if such visits were to occur are greater than
the uncertain benefits that might result,” Verniero asserted.
Finally, the court rejected
A.B.’s argument that the _V.C._ decision should be applied retroactively to
her case.  While the court
acknowledged that retroactive application of cases that establish new legal
principles may sometimes be appropriate, Verniero asserted that it would not be
appropriate for this kind of case, when the issue is raised long after the time
to appeal the earlier ruling has run out and the stability of a child’s life
is at stake. “Such retroactivity would expose children and their caregivers to
a serious disruption of their family life,” he wrote. “As this matter well
demonstrates, courts should avoid interfering with well-settled home
environments unless the equities of a given case clearly compel that result.”
LeGal member William Singer
argued the case for appellants, while Barbara A. Ulrichsen argued for
respondent, and the ACLU of N.J. filed an amicus brief.
A.S.L.
No Vicarious Liability for Off
Site Same-Sex Harassment of Gay Employee
On April 2, the U.S. District
Court for the Southern District of New York illuminated the gap between being
sexually accosted by a co-worker, and having a prima facie sexual harassment
claim against an employer. _Devlin v. Teachers' Insurance and Annuity
Association of America_, 2003 WL 1738969.
Christopher Devlin, an employee
of Teachers' Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA), alleged that
TIAA team leader Joseph Ryan, with penis exposed, grabbed Devlin’s testicles
and tried to kiss him in the men’s room of a hotel bar.
Devlin and his co-workers were at the bar celebrating a fellow TIAA
worker’s promotion. TIAA did not pay for the event and attendance was
voluntary.  After Devlin rebuffed
Ryan, Ryan allegedly told him that another team leader monitored one of
Devlin’s personal phone calls, learning that Devlin was gay, drank a lot, and
was having personal problems.  Devlin,
through his lawyer, complained to TIAA about the restroom incident. Pursuant to
its published sexual harassment policy, TIAA investigated and then demoted Ryan,
cut his pay, and prohibited him from entering the floor where Devlin worked.
Judge Rakoff’s summary
judgement ruling notes first that, as a TIAA team leader, Ryan lacked the
authority to be considered a supervisor for Title VII or New York City or State
Human Rights Law hostile work environment claims.
Assuming arguendo that the restroom incident was severe enough to create
a hostile work environment, TIAA could be liable only if it was negligent. Given
that Devlin “felt more relaxed and safe” after TIAA disciplined Ryan and
removed him from Devlin’s floor, and that Ryan had never previously been
accused of sexual harassment, no reasonable juror could find that TIAA was
negligent. The party at the hotel bar was itself an off-premises social event,
not under TIAA’s supervision. A footnote mentions that Devlin refused to
participate in TIAA’s investigation of his complaint, which he characterized
as an “invasion.”
Devlin claimed that TIAA
retaliated against him for lodging a sexual harassment complaint by reprimanding
him about tardiness, thereby rendering him ineligible for an annual bonus, and
changing his shift schedule. The court rejected the claim. While the schedule
change and reprimand occurred six months after Devlin’s complaint, TIAA
proffered his habitual tardiness (85 occurrences in 15 months, amid warnings) as
an independent, non-retaliatory basis for the discipline. Evidence of the
treatment of other employees supported this interpretation. The schedule change
apparently resulted from a standard shift selection process, and Devlin failed
to adduce any evidence suggesting discriminatory animus on TIAA’s part. A
possible Federal Wiretap Act violation, based on the monitored personal phone
call, is the sole triable issue surviving summary judgement. _Mark Major_
Appeals Court Rejects Sexual
Orientation Discrimination Claim, But Revives Other Tort Claims by
“Straight” TV Stage Manager
“The Young and the
Restless,” a TV soap opera famous for the sexual complications of its
characters, has generated its own real life soap opera involving a stage
manager, an actor, a director, and charges of same-sex sexual harassment. On
April 28, the California Court of Appeal, 2nd District, ruled in
_Hill v. Columbia Tristar Television, Inc._, 2003 WL 1958881, that the superior
court correctly granted summary judgment against Randall Hill, a former stage
manager at CBS, on his claim that he was the victim of discrimination on the
basis of “perceived sexual orientation,<!70> but revived Hill’s claims
of defamation and negligent and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
In the same decision, the court upheld summary judgment against
Randall’s wife, Heather Hill, a former director on the program, on her claims
of sex and age discrimination and infliction of emotional distress.
The soap opera at the soap
opera began in December 1999 when Bryce Littlejohns, an actor who had worked as
an extra on the show, reported to the casting director (in the words of the
court) that “Randall Hill had groped his genitals on several occasions in
Hill’s dressing room, that he was tired of such ‘sexual harassment,’ and
that he had submitted to Hill’s advances because he thought Hill would have
him fired if he did not.”  At the
time, Hill was a freelance employee of CBS, and Littlejohns was an employee of
SONY.  (The two corporations
collaborate on producing the soap opera.)  The
two employers decide to retain an outside attorney to investigate Littlejohn’s
accusations.
James Adler, a partner at the
prominent L.A. firm of Irell & Manella, was hired to conduct the
investigation.   After
interviewing more than twenty individuals, including Littlejohns and Hill, Adler
presented his preliminary conclusions orally to a handful of management
officials and Hill’s attorney on January 24, 2000.
He found Littlejohns to be a more credible witness than Hill, not least
because his interviews with others led him to conclude that Hill “used his
position to ‘troll’ for receptivity to sexual advances not only with regard
to Bryce Littlejohns but also from other young, male extras.”
Adler also found that Hill paid “special attention” to the male
extras on the show, “often requesting them to pull up their shirts or pull
down their pants to show their abdominal area,” and finally that the sexual
advances to Littlejohns were not welcome by him, but he had acted as if they
were and never told Hill directly that they were unwelcome.
Because of this last finding, it was unlikely that the employer would be
held liable for sexual harassment with respect to Littlejohns.
After the meeting, Hill’s
attorney reported back to him about Adler’s conclusions, and within days Hill
had decided to resign voluntarily in exchange for a confidentiality agreement on
the investigation.  There was no
indication that his employer had asked him to resign at that point, but he was
under suspension pending the outcome of the investigation.
It had been suggested by Adler that if Hill resigned there would be no
reason to conclude the investigation and prepare a final written report.
On the same day this meeting
was taking place, another employee happened to tell the senior coordinating
producer on the show about rumors that Hill had sexually propositioned a male
coworker years earlier while employed in New York.  The employee, who had only met Hill once and had no personal
opinion of him, said he passed this information along only because he knew that
the producer was involved in the investigation of Littlejohn’s charges.
Hill alleges that the producer, in addition to passing this information
on to those charged with the investigation, also spread the story to other
actors on the show.  Hill also
maintained that the producer was out to get him because he had rebuffed her
sexual interest in the past.
Mrs. Hill, an at-will employee,
was subsequently discharged when she expressed unhappiness about having to work
with Mr. Littlejohns after he made the charges against her husband.
She was 60 at the time, and she alleged that she was replaced by a man
who was under 40 years old.  (Forty is the magic number for coverage under the federal Age
Discrimination in Employment Act.)
The Hills subsequently brought
charges against their employers.  In
Mr. Hill’s case, he claimed that he was not gay and the charges against him
were not true, but that he was fired because he was perceived as being gay. He
asserted that lots of heterosexual activity went on in the dressing rooms
without attracting any disciplinary response from the employers.
He also claimed defamation from the spreading of the story of his alleged
New York activities and intentional and negligent infliction of emotional
distress.  Mrs. Hill alleged age and
sex discrimination, as well as emotional distress.
On the defendants’ motions,
L.A. County Superior Court Judge Richard Neidorf granted summary judgment
against both Mr. and Mrs. Hill.  The
appeals court, in an opinion by Appeals Judge Dennis M. Perluss, agreed that all
Mrs. Hill’s claims should be dismissed, since there was no evidence that she
was fired due to her sex or age.  Because
she was an at-will employee, her employer did not need a good reason to fire
her, just a non-discriminatory one, and her reluctance to work with one of the
actors on the show was good enough for this purpose.
The appeals court also agreed
that Mr. Hill’s sexual orientation discrimination charges should be dismissed.
Hill had claimed that his resignation was not really voluntary, but
actually a constructive discharge, but under the circumstances the appeals court
agreed with the trial court that even if this was a constructive discharge (a
resignation under circumstances where he was being forced out), the reason was
non-discriminatory.  Hill was trying
to claim that the company took action only against incidents of gay harassment,
not straight harassment, but he was unable to make any factual allegations
supporting that claim.  Judge
Perluss pointed out that there was no indication that the heterosexual activity
mentioned by Hill was non-consensual, unwelcome, or harassing in any way.
On the other hand, there was
evidence that in other past cases involving allegations of unwanted sexual
pressures against employees, the employers had taken action, including a
discharge of one person.  And the
employer’s potential liability for sexual harassment provided a
non-discriminatory justification for discharging somebody who was found by the
company’s investigator to have engaged in this activity with several actors.
However, the court found that
Mr. Hill should be allowed to proceed with his defamation, and accompanying
emotional distress, claims.  The
defamation claim was focused on the employee who had told the coordinating
producer about Mr. Hill’s rumored sexual harassment activity on a prior job,
and the coordinating producer’s subsequently repeating that story to higher
management and to other employees.  The
court found that while some of those communications may be considered
“privileged” as part of in-house management communications, some of it might
not be privileged, especially statements to other employees, and it was
premature to cut off Hill’s lawsuit without further evidence.
The court also found that since the emotional distress was alleged to
have arisen from the spreading of the rumors, to the extent that was not
privileged and work-related, it would not be preempted by the state’s Workers
Compensation Law, which generally voids an employee’s ability to sue for
emotional distress as a result of what happens in the workplace. A.S.L.
Civil Litigation Notes
_U.S. Supreme Court_ – Ever
since the Hawaii Supreme Court suggested in 1993 that same-sex couples in that
state might have a right to marry, the question whether same-sex marriages
contracted in one state would need to be recognized by other states to comply
with the federal Constitution’s Full Faith and Credit Clause has been of
consuming interest, to the extent that same-sex-marriage-phobic state
legislatures in two-thirds of the states have enacted laws designed to prevent
such forced recognition by declaring same-sex marriages to be contrary to state
public policy, and the federal government mounted the barricades to “defend”
marriage by purporting to excuse the states from any FFC requirements with
respect to same-sex marriages.  Much
of this furious debate and legislating has gone on in a vacuum due to the
paucity of instructive Supreme Court precedents construing the Full Faith and
Credit Clause.  On April 23, the
Court issued its decision in _Franchise Tax Board of California v. Hyatt_, 2003
WL 1916238, and the signs were not good for pro-same-sex-marriage-recognition
tea-leaf readers (to coin a new phrase).  The
case raised the question whether a Nevada court was required by FFC to dismiss a
suit filed against a California tax agency, on the ground that a California
statute granted total immunity to the tax agency from the kinds of claims
covered in the suit.  The Nevada
Supreme Court had ruled that FFC did not require dismissal of the suit. The
unanimous Court, in an opinion attributed to Justice O’Connor, managed to
leave the subject as murky as before, in this writer’s opinion, but did
confirm earlier conclusions that FFC is at its strongest where a court is being
asked to honor a judicial ruling in a particular case from another state, and
much weaker when the demand is apply another state’s statute where the forum
state’s choice of law principles would not find that statute to govern the
controversy.  In such cases, the
discretionary doctrine of comity is more applicable, and a state may protect its
legitimate policy interests and those of its citizens by refusing to apply the
contradictory statute of another state.  Is
that clear, tea-leaf readers?
_Federal - Missouri_ – Can it
be that the U.S. Postal Service discriminates in favor of gay people in making
promotion decisions?  The answer
will not be uncovered in _Manlove v. United States Postal Service_, 2003 WL
1860554 (W.D. Mo., March 26, 2003), in which the aptly named plaintiff, the
allegedly heterosexual Tina Manlove, complained, inter alia, that she was denied
a promotion based on sexual orientation, thus implying that the other woman who
received the promotion is a lesbian (although that is not expressly stated in
District Judge Smith’s opinion).  Manlove
claimed a Title VII violation based on race, gender and sexual orientation, and
suffered summary judgment on all grounds.  As
to sexual orientation, Smith simply noted that federal courts have repeatedly
rejected the argument that Title VII bans sexual orientation discrimination in
employment.
_Federal – Nebraska_ –
Lambda Legal and the ACLU have joined together to file a federal lawsuit
challenging a state constitutional amendment banning any kind of legal
recognition of same-sex partnerships, which was enacted by the voters in
November 2000.  The measure was
promoted to voters as a simple protection for traditional marriage, but the law
goes beyond limiting the right to marry, as it affirmatively voids civil unions,
domestic partnerships or any “other similar same-sex relationship,” thus
effectively disempowering government at all levels from taking any action that
would recognize same-sex partners for any purpose of the law.
The lawsuit claims that the amendment unconstitutionally disempowers gay
people from using the normal political channels of the state to seek even the
most basic protection for their families.  The
complaint in _Citizens for Equal Protection, Inc. v. Johanns_ names the governor
as lead defendant, and was filed on April 30 in the U.S. District Court in
Lincoln, Nebraska.  Local counsel is
Robert Bartle of Bartle & Geier; other counsel on the case are David Buckel
and Brian Chase of Lambda Legal, Tamara Lange of the ACLU Lesbian & Gay
Rights Project, and Amy Miller of the ACLU of Nebraska.
_Federal - New York_ – Once
again, a federal court has found that Congress’s obsession with
sexually-related material on the Internet may run afoul of constitutional free
speech protection.  In _Nitke v.
Ashcroft_, 2003 WL 1536117 (S.D.N.Y., March 24, 2003), a specially-constituted
three-judge district court consisting of Circuit Judge Robert D. Sack and
District Judges Richard M. Berman and Gerard E. Lynch refused to grant a
preliminary injunction against enforcement of the Communications Decency Act’s
obscenity provisions, but also refused to grant in full the government’s
motion to dismiss the case.   The
CDA makes it a federal crime to place obscene material on the Internet that
might be accessed by minors.  The
lead plaintiff, Barbara Nitke, is a photographer who specializes in
sexually-explicit photographs that she puts on her own website and that show up
in other places as well, including the websites of organizations affiliated with
co-plaintiff National Coalition for Sexual Freedom.
Nitke and the Coalition (relying mainly on allegations by its member, the
Eulenspiegel Society, an S&M group with its own website) alleged that their
expressive activities had been chilled improperly by the broad and ambiguous
statutory definition of obscenity.   The
court found that since the plaintiffs had waited six years after the enactment
of the CDA to bring their suit, they could not credibly allege irreparable
injury if enforcement were not preliminarily enjoined pending trial on the
merits of their claims, but that the statutory definition did raise serious
constitutional concerns.  Since an
Internet website is accessible from just about anywhere, a definition that
relies on the “community standards” of a particular place to determine
obscenity presents the possibility that plaintiffs could be prosecuted for
posting material that would not be deemed obscene in some places.
More to follow when this saga resumes....
_Federal - New York_ – U.S.
Magistrate Treece (N.D.N.Y.) has ruled that some letters signed by the boss’s
daughter as witness to the plaintiff’s sexual harassment complaints may be
used to impeach her testimony at a deposition but not as substantive evidence
that such complaints were made, because they were not disclosed by the plaintiff
in response to the defendant’s pre-deposition discovery requests. _Lomascolo
v. Otto Oldsmobile-Cadillac, Inc._, 2003 WL 1678783 (March 17, 2003).
Stephen Lomascolo is suing on a hostile environment theory, claiming he
was subjected to name-calling, including that he was “gay” and
“effeminate.” At deposition, Heidi Otto, daughter of the owner of the
business, testified lack of recollection of Lomascolo ever bringing such
complaints to the attention of management.  Lomascolo’s attorney whipped out the letters, countersigned
by Ms. Otto, describing conversations with management officials in which
Lomascolo specified his complaints.  The
deposition fell apart in arguing between counsel, and then defendants moved for
a protective order excluding the letters from further use in the case on the
ground that they had not been disclosed in discovery and were used to
“ambush” Ms. Otto in her deposition.  Magistrate
Treece, after canvassing federal precedents, found disagreement over whether a
protective order (or sanctions against plaintiff and his attorney) were
appropriate here, where plaintiff argued the letters were being used solely for
impeachment purposes.  Treece
concluded against a protective order or sanctions, but ruled that Lomascolo may
use the letters only for impeachment, not for the purpose of proving that he
made these specific complaints about workplace harassment.
_Florida_ – The National
Center for Lesbian Rights has filed suit against Westminster Oaks Retirement
Community in Tallahassee (Leon County), alleging that the home’s refusal of a
housing request by a Vermont civilly-united lesbian couple, Joy Lewis and Sheila
Ortiz-Taylor, violates the county fair housing code.  The complaint, filed on March 31, notes that the couple had
first applied in 1999 and were put off while their application was being
considered, in light of the Community’s ban against unrelated persons living
together.  They reapplied after
their civil union ceremony held in Vermont in 2002.
According to Lewis, she was told that the women could have had the
housing if they claimed to be cousins or sisters, but, she said, “We haven’t
lived our lives with tiny lies or big lies.”
The local law bans discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation,
gender or marital status. _Gay.com_, April 1, 2003.
_Illinois_ – In a case
bearing some factual similarity to the _Kantaras_ case from Florida, recently
reported in _Law Notes_, Cook County (Illinois) Judge Gerald Bender ruled
against a petition for custody by a tansgendered father seeking to maintain
contact with his son upon the dissolution of his relationship with his wife.
According to an April 9 report in the _Chicago Tribune_, the couple
agreed to marry at a time when the women was unaware that her proposed spouse
was a female-to-male transsexual.  Indeed,
he had been taking hormones but had not had gender reassignment surgery.
She did not seek a divorce after learning the truth, and he did have some
surgery about 6 years into the marriage.  Subsequently, she became pregnant by donor insemination and
they raised the child together from his birth on July 20, 1992.
With the recent dissolution of the parents’ relationship, the father
sued to maintain contact with the son he had been raising for eleven years, who
had bonded with him as a parent.  Judge
Bender held that Illinois would not recognize the marriage as valid, and
therefore the “father” had not basis for seeking custody or visitation over
the protests of the boy’s biological mother.
An appeal is likely.
_Michigan_ – In _Greggs v.
Andrews University_, 2003 WL 1680619 (Mich. Ct. App., March 27, 2003), Cheyenne
Greggs, who was dismissed as a student from Andrews University after an
investigative committee concluded that he had participated in an incident in
which another male student claimed to have been sexually assaulted by Greggs and
another male student, claimed that his dismissal was unlawful and that he was
entitled to damages for defamation and intentional infliction of emotional
distress.  (In separate litigation,
which he lost, Greggs sued over his eviction from the dormitory coincident with
his dismissal from the school.)  The
appellate court affirmed the trial court’s grant of summary judgment on the
defamation and emotional distress claims, finding based on affidavits in support
and opposition to the motion that the university had not acted sufficiently
outrageously to justify an intentional infliction of emotional distress claim,
and that Greggs’ defamation claims failed on the ground that he did not
sufficiently allege actual “publication” of the alleged defamation, or that
the instances in which the statements were made about him were privileged.
Greggs, who stoutly denied playing the role in the incident as described
by the investigative committee, insisted that he was not gay and had been
wrongly described as such by university officials.
_New Jersey_ – The
_Washington Blade_ (April 11) reported that the InterVarsity Christian
Fellowship/USA, a student organization, and Rutgers University, have settled a
lawsuit provoked by the University’s insistence that the organization abide by
the University’s non-discrimination policy in order to maintain its position
as a chartered student organization.  Under
the settlement, the organization can impose a religious test on those who seek
to be officers of the group.  The
University’s non-discrimination policy prohibits student organizations from
discriminating on the basis of, inter alia, religion and sexual orientation.
_New Jersey_ – In _Rubin v.
Chilton_, 2003 WL 1698891 (April 1, 2003), the New Jersey Appellate Division
held that the state’s Law Against Discrimination forbids discrimination
against independent contractors, but not under the section forbidding employment
discrimination.  In many
jurisdictions, independent contractors who encounter discrimination are out of
luck once a court determines that they were not employees.
But in New Jersey, they may sue alternatively under N.J.S.A. 10:5-12a,
which makes it unlawful for a person to refuse to contract with another person
on the basis of the various categories contained in the statute.
In this case, some doctors claimed their contracts were terminated due to
age. “If they can show this was so, it would seem to be a refusal to contract
with, or perhaps, continue to contract with them on the basis of age, in
contravention of this statute,” wrote Justice Bilder for the court.
The court found that several prior cases had at least intimated that the
statute could be used for this purpose, and that the only case relied upon by
the defendant was not really on point.  Given
the amount of work done be independent contractors in modern American
workplaces, this construction of the statute could be seen as a major expansion
of protection against discrimination.
_New York_ – What hath
_Braschi_ wrought?  In _Fernbach v.
Cash_, NYLJ, 4/17/2003, p. 20, col. 4 (N.Y.App.Div., 1st Dep’t), a
unanimous appellate panel ruled _per curiam_ that adultery would not necessarily
stand in the way of a tenant succession claim.
After the rent-controlled male tenant died, the landlord sought to
dispossess the woman and two children who had been living with him in the
apartment.  The deceased was still
married to his estranged wife, and the woman was only recently divorced from her
husband, although the deceased and the woman had been living together in the
apartment with their children for four years.  The landlord argued that because the relationship between the
deceased tenant and the woman was adulterous, it could not provide the basis for
a claim to succeed to the tenancy.  Invoking
_Braschi v. Stahl Associates_ 74 N.Y.2d 201 (1989), in which the Court of
Appeals held that a surviving gay life partner could claim tenant succession
rights, the court said: “Protection against sudden eviction has been extended
to a broad spectrum of individuals who reside in nontraditional family units,”
and indicated that here, where both residents were estranged from their
respective spouses, the issue for the trial court would be whether they had an
emotionally and financially interdependent relationship, not whether they might
be in violation of laws against adultery. “Landlord’s suggestion that
recognition of respondent’s right to continued occupancy would have
‘enormous ramifications’ is a makeweight, and its reference to alleged
violations of the Penal Law is not germane to this proceeding,” insisted the
court.
_New York_ – Ruling on a
request for attorney fees and disbursements in _Bell v. Helmsley_, the
celebrated employment discrimination case involving the gay manager of a
Helmsley hotel, New York State Supreme Court Justice Walter Tolub sharply
reduced the amount requested ($1,553,907.50 fee and $136,748.43 disbursements).
_Bell v. Helmsley_, NYLJ, April 2, 2003 (New York County).  Finding that the case had been severely overstaffed and that
the disbursement request incorporate compensation for overhead costs not
properly allocable to such an award, Justice Tolub settled on $568,340 for fees
and $70,350.75 for disbursements, pointedly noting that the fee amount exceeded
the damages awarded in the case (after Justice Tolub count down the jury’s
award of about $11 million to about $500,000).
_Texas_ – When is a divorce
not a divorce?  When it involves a
same-sex couple civilly united in Vermont seeking the assistance of a Texas
court in dissolving its relationship.  Russell
Smith and John Anthony were civilly united in Vermont in 2002, but lived in
Texas and decided to part ways some time after returning home.
Smith filed a petition for legal dissolution of the civil union before
Texas District Judge Tom Mulvaney, who granted the petition and issued an order
of dissolution.  When the story
appeared in the press, all hell broke lose in Texas, especially in the Attorney
General’s office, which threatened to appeal Mulvaney’s order if he did not
vacate it, in light of Texas law against recognition of same-sex unions.
On April 1, after Smith requested that his petition for dissolution be
discharged, Mulvaney issued a new order, vacating his earlier order of
dissolution, and ordered a new hearing to consider how to proceed.  _Associated Press_, April 2.
A.S.L.
Criminal Litigation Notes
_Federal - First Circuit_ –
In _United States v. Rodriguez_, 2003 WL 1968699 (April 30), the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 1st Circuit vacated a drug conviction and sentencing
decision by U.S. District Judge Joseph L Tauro solely on the ground that
Tauro’s refusal to grant a downward departure from sentencing guidelines may
have been based on a misunderstanding about whether he had the discretion to do
so.  The defendant sought a downward
departure on three grounds, one of which was “that he was especially
vulnerable to prison abuse as an ‘effeminate gay man.’” At the sentencing
hearing, Tauro commented that defense counsel had made a “compelling
argument” but went on to comment, somewhat ambiguously, that he was
constrained by law in making a downward departure.
It was unclear from the judge’s remarks whether he meant that he lacked
discretion to grant a downward departure or that under the facts he felt that a
downward departure was not warranted as a matter of law.
Since the guidelines do preserve that degree of discretion, the circuit
court remanded for further consideration of the sentence.
_Puerto Rico_ – The Supreme
Court of Puerto Rico has ruled by a vote of 4-3 that the local domestic violence
statute does not apply to same-sex couples.  According to a report in the _Orlando Sentinel_ on April 20,
the court set aside criminal charges that were filed against Leondro Ruiz
Martinez for beating his boyfriend, Juan J. Del Valle, two years ago.
This had been the first such case the government had prosecuted under the
domestic violence laws since deciding that it would give a broad interpretation
to the statute to cover all families.  The
court majority stated that the legislative intent of the law was to
“strengthen the institution of the family,” and that for this purpose the
“family” was defined as a “sentimental and legal union between a man and a
woman.” The government has filed a motion for reconsideration, arguing that
the court’s resort to “legislative intent” was unnecessary because the
statutory language is consistent with a broad interpretation. “Law 54 is
neutral,” argues the government’s motion papers, as summarized in an
Associated Press report on April 28. “In reality, the law has nothing to do
with homosexuals, lesbians or heterosexuals, but with the physical and emotional
pain suffered when they are subjected to abuse by people with whom they are
having an intimate consensual relation.” The government also argued that
restricting the law’s application to opposite-sex couples only may be
establishing a “sex classification” that would be subject to constitutional
challenge. _Commonwealth of Puerto Rico v. Martinez_.  A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
_California_ – The Assembly
Judiciary Committee has approved AB 205, a bill introduced by openly-lesbian
Assemblywoman Jackie Goldberg of Los Angeles, which would grant to same-sex
couples the right to file joint state tax returns, have joint ownership of
property and joint obligation for debts, and would authorize co-parents to
authorize medical treatment for children they are raising.
The bill passed 9-4, over arguments by opponents that it was in conflict
with Proposition 22, a ballot initiative passed by voters that outlaws same-sex
marriage in California. _Los Angeles Times_, April 2.  On April 21, the State Assembly approved a measure to
prohibit discrimination based on gender stereotyping in housing and employment.
The vote was 42-34, with all the Republicans voting against and most of
the Democrats voting for. _Los Angeles Times_, April 22; _California Alliance
for Pride and Equalty_ Press Release, April 21.
_California_ – The California
State Board of Equalization has tentatively approved and published for comment a
regulation that would exempt for reappraisal of property values when a domestic
partner dies.  Under existing
California law, the death of a spouse does not generate reappraisal of the real
estate that they jointly owned with a surviving spouse for state tax purposes,
but does generate such reappraisal for surviving unmarried partners, with the
predictable result that surviving partners get hit with an increase in property
taxes as the immediate result of their partner’s death.
Carole Migden, the openly-lesbian chair of the State Board, proposed the
measure, which passed with the votes of 3 Democratic members of the Board, over
the dissent of 2 Republican members of the Board.
Migden described this as a method of implementing A.B. 2216, which passed
last year, granting domestic partners registered with the California Secretary
of State the right to intestate inheritance of property owned by a domestic
partner.   Critics of the
proposal claimed it would tear a big loophole in the property tax system by
giving people incentives to form property-ownership partnerships.
The regulation will receive a final vote after a comment period, not
before July at the earliest. _Los Angeles Times_, April 24.
_Colorado – Colorado Springs_
– Making good on a campaign promise, recently-elected Mayor Lionel Rivera got
the Colorado Springs City Council to repeal the domestic partner benefits
program that had been passed last year.  The
Council voted 8-1 to rescind the measure.  Six
employees had signed up for the benefits, which they will enjoy until the end of
2003, when the measure will expire.  The
vote on the benefits last year had been 5-4. _The Gazette_, April 23.
_Connecticut_ – The state
Senate’s Judiciary Committee voted 26-16 to reject a bill that would have
established a state domestic-partnership registry and established certain
specific spousal rights for registered same-sex partners.
The state had passed a law last year allowing unmarried couples,
regardless of gender, to designate each other as medical decisionmakers, but
evidently the new bill bundled too many spousal rights in one measure, for
opponents were able to charge credibly that the measure was an approach towards
gay marriage. _Associated Press_, April 9.
_District of Columbia_ – The
D.C. Council gave unanimous approval on April 1 to a measure that provides legal
authority for the domestic partner of an incapacitated person to make medical
decisions on that person’s behalf.  The
bill covers both same-sex and opposite-sex partners. _Washington Blade_ April 4.
_Florida_ – Florida State
Rep. Dennis Baxley, a Republican from Ocala, suggested amending a pending civil
rights bill to provide that no state or local authority could add additional
classifications to those contained in the state’s civil rights statute: race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, handicap, or marital status.
Somewhat disengenuously, he suggested that this was a “fairness”
measure to avoid creating “special classifications across the state.” Rep.
Bob Henriquez, a Tampa Democrat, immediately called his bluff, pointing out that
the amendment “is aimed at sexual orientation,” and would have invalidated
local gay rights measures in several Florida cities, some recently enacted.
The committee then rejected the amendment on a voice vote, and approved
H.B. 215, which broadens the powers of the attorney general to enforce the
existing state law. _Miami Herald_, _St. Petersburg Times_, April 25.
_Florida – Largo_ – The
City Commission of Largo, Florida, has agreed in principle to adopt a human
rights ordinance and internal anti-discrimination policy that would include
sexual orientation and gender identity.  City
staffers are drafting up formal resolutions that will be subject to a formal
vote, but a majority of the commissioners voted on April 22 in favor of the
proposal to do this.  The city was
prompted to review its personnel policies as a result of an incident involving a
racial slur in the Fire Department. _St. Petersburg Times_, April 23.
_Hawaii_ – The state
senate’s Judiciary Committee has approved a measure to amend the state’s
hate crimes law to add “gender identity or expression” to the categories
listed in the law.  The law, which
provides for enhanced penalties for crimes motivated by bias, already includes
“sexual orientation.” _Washington Blade_, April 11.
_Illinois – Peoria_ –
Peoria is the newest municipality in Illinois to pass a law protecting gay
people within its borders from discrimination in employment, housing, and public
accommodations.  The City Council
voted 8-3 on April 23 to amend its human rights ordinance to add sexual
orientation. _Chicago Tribune_, April 24.
_Maryland_ – The state’s
House of Delegates approved two gay rights measures in March, one an amendment
to add “sexual orientation” to the state’s Hate Crimes Law, the other
adding “sexual orientation” to non-discrimination provisions of the
state’s law on Anti-Discrimination in Procurement Contracts.
The latter measure would also require religious institutions not to
discriminate in activities funded by the state.  However, the Senate rejected the Hate Crimes measure and the
governor announced his opposition to the procurement amendment. _Washington
Blade_, March 28, April 4.
_Massachusetts_ – After a
contentious set of hearings, the Massachusetts legislature’s House Judiciary
Committee tabled a proposed constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriages
on April 30.  Legislators are
consumed in a contentious budget debate and no further action on the measure is
likely until that debate is resolved.  Last
year the proposal was kept from a vote by parliamentary maneuvering.
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court is expected to issue its ruling
on a lawsuit seeking licenses for same-sex marriages sometime this summer.
_Boston Globe_, May 1.
_Minnesota_ – One of the most
contentious issues in collective bargaining covering state workers was an
agreement between the union and the executive branch leadership to include
domestic partnership benefits for same-sex partners of state employees.
The legislature, whose assent was required, balked at this, holding up
ratification of the contracts that had been negotiated last year.
Early in April a compromise was worked out under which the contracts
would be ratified but the provisions for domestic partnership benefits would be
removed.  According to one opponent
of the benefits, Republican Senator Michele Bachmann, the benefits would be too
costly because “the homosexual lifestyle makes them more likely to be
disproportionate consumers of health-care services.” A source for this
assertion was not cited in news reports. _Minneapolis Star Tribune_, April 4;
_Washington Blade_, April 11.
_Minnesota_ – The House
Ethics Committee deadlocked in a 2-2 vote along party lines in considering an
ethics complaint against Rep. Arlon Lindner, who was charged with making remarks
on the House floor and in newspaper interviews denying that gay people were
persecuted by the Nazis during the Holocaust.
A Republican member explained his negative vote as being intended to
protect freedom of speech, even though he disagreed with the substance of
Lindner’s remarks. _Duluth News-Tribune_, April 25.
_Missouri, Jackson County_ –
Jackson County, Missouri, which include Kansas City, Missouri, has established a
county registry for unmarried partners, including both same and opposite-sex
couples.  Although no rights are
conferred on registrants, they do receive a certificate that might be useful in
dealing with private businesses, landlords, etc. _The Advocate_, April 3. On
April 24, the Kansas City Council voted unanimously to direct the City Manager
to implement a domestic-partner benefits program by May 1, 2004.
The resolution calls for establishment of a partner registry system.
Details of the benefits program are yet to be worked out, but the
registration will carry some rights that marital couples automatically enjoy,
according to an April 27 report in the _St. Louis Post-Dispatch_.
_Montana - Missoula County_ –
Would you believe that the Missoula County Commissioners have voted to extend
insurance coverage to domestic partners of county employees?
The commissioners voted to do so at a meeting on April 3, and the
benefits eligibility will commence on July 1.
Commissioner Jean Curtiss stated: “There is no substantiation to the
claim that domestic partners are of higher risk.
And while the law does not require us to insure domestic partners, I
believe it is the right thing to do.  We
are not required to provide coverage for dental care, eye exams or prescriptions
either, but we do so because we believe it is good for our employees and
important to offer as part of our benefits package to retain quality
employees.” _Missoulian_, April 4.
_New York_ – On April 14, New
York State Senator Tom Duane and Assemblyman Richard Gottfried announced the
introduction of a bill titled “Gender Expression Non-Discrimination Act,”
intended to amend the state’s human rights law to add “gender identity or
expression” the list of forbidden grounds for discrimination in the state.
Senator Duane had attempted to secure an amendment to the Sexual
Orientation Discrimination Bill that was passed in December 2002 to add this
category, but fell short of securing the necessary votes in the State Senate.
(The Assembly has not previously considered the issue.)  At the time, the gay political groups in the state were split
over the strategy of seeking such an amendment, as it was argued that an amended
Senate bill might not pass in the Assembly, and the governor had not yet
signified receptivity to approving a bill that included protection for
transsexuals.  Four local
jurisdictions in New York forbid such discrimination, and three other states, as
noted above in our report on the recent enactment in New Mexico. _Press Release
– Transgender Law & Policy Institute (www.transgenderlaw.org).
_North Carolina – Charlotte_
– City Council members seeking legal advice about a pending measure to
establish domestic partnership benefits eligibility for the municipal work force
were advised by City Attorney Mac McCarley that the council has no authority to
adopt such a program without specific state legislative approval – despite the
fact that three other North Carolina cities have adopted such benefits plans,
and that in two cases the plans have withstood court challenges. _Charlotte
Observer_, April 25.
_North Dakota_ – To the
amusement of national news media, the state Senate voted against a proposal to
repeal the state’s anti-cohabitation law, which bans unmarried opposite-sex
couples from living together “openly and notoriously” as if they were
married.  The law is listed in the
state statute books among the sex crimes, with violations carrying a maximum
penalty of 30 days in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Proponents of keeping the law insisted it was necessary in order to
remind people “that there is right, and there is wrong,” in the immortal
words of Republican Senator John Andrist.  Of
course, nobody was offering to undergo polygraph testing in an attempt to
determine which state legislators really know the difference. _Associated
Press_, April 3; _Washington Blade_, April 11.
_Ohio_ – A Defense of
Marriage Act bill was introduced on April 1 in the Ohio Senate.
If enacted, it would provide that only opposite-sex marriages are
recognized in Ohio, and would disempower cities from enacting local laws
recognizing same-sex partners or providing “specific statutory benefits” to
them.  The apparent intent of the
measure is to forbid any legal recognition of gay families, such that custody
and visitation disputes, benefits disputes, and any other kind of legal
proceeding would have to be decided without any reference to the domestic
partnership or civil union relationship of the parties.
The Ohio House passed an identical bill in 2001, but it died in the
Senate at that time.  This will be
the fourth attempt to pass such a bill in Ohio, the first having been tried in
1997. _Gay People’s Chronicle_, Cleveland, April 4, 2003.
_Tennessee, Nashville_ – The
Metro Council defeated a measure that would have extended protection against
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation to city workers.
A tie vote in the council was broken by Vice Mayor Howard Gentry, who
said he had not seen evidence that there was anti-gay discrimination in city
government such as to warrant enactment of an official ban. _Washington Blade_,
April 4.
_Texas_ – Texas is the newest
state to legislate against same-sex marriages and civil unions.
On April 30, the state House of Representatives voted 118-9 in support of
adopting a new section of the Texas Family Code, titled “Recognition of
Same-Sex Marriages or Civil Union,” which, despite its title, does the
opposite: that is, provides that Texas will recognize neither same-sex marriages
nor civil unions.  A civil union is
defined as a status that “is intended as an alternative to marriage or applies
primarily to cohabiting couples” and grants “legal protections, benefits, or
responsibilities granted to the spouses of a marriage.” The same bill had been
passed by the Senate on April 15, and Governor Rick Perry, who has stated
support for the measure, is expected to sign it.
Responding to objections that the bill might invalidate attempts by gay
people to structure their relationships through contracts, estate planning,
powers of attorney and the like, the bill contains a savings clause providing
that “unmarried couples can use private contracts and other legal arrangements
to govern their interests,” according to a description of the legislation
posted to Gay.com on April 30.
_Texas_ – State Rep. Robert
Talton, a Pasadena Republican, testified in support of his proposed House Bill
1911, which would ban gay Texans from serving as foster parents, that children
are better off in an orphanage than being placed in the homes of gay, lesbian or
bisexual adults acting as foster parents.  Talton
insisted that homosexuality is “learned behavior” and gay foster parents
would “teach” their foster children to be gay. Talton also testified that
gay foster parents are likely to be pedophiles and thus shouldn’t be allowed
to have children in their homes.  A
huge crowd attended the hearing to testify against the bill.
Shortly thereafter, Rep. Kenny Marchant, chair of the State Affairs
Committee, stated that the proposal did not have sufficient support for passage
and would not be put to a committee vote. _Austin American-Statesman_, April 29.
_Texas - El Paso_ – The City
Council voted on April 8 to revise the local anti-discrimination ordinance to
include “sexual orientation” and “gender identity” as forbidden grounds
for discrimination by any place of public accommodation.   It was unclear from the news report about this
legislation that appeared April 9 in the _El Paso Times_ about whether this
legislation also forbids discrimination in employment and housing, the other
activities traditionally covered by general civil rights laws.
_Washington State – Seattle_
– The Seattle Port Commissioners rejected by a vote of 3-1 on April 8 a
proposal to develop rules to require agency contractors to provide domestic
partnership benefits to their employees.  The
agency already provides such benefits to its own workforce, but a majority of
the commissioners sided with chairwoman Pat David, who argued that it was not a
proper function for the Commissioners to dictate employee benefits policies for
their contractors.  _Seattle Times_
April 9.  A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
_Washington, D.C._ – Marc
Racicot, chairman of the Republican National Committee, met with several hundred
members of Human Rights Campaign, a national gay-rights political group, during
March, speaking about the Bush Administration agenda and listening to concerns
raised by the group.  It was
reportedly the first time that any Republican Party chairperson has met with a
gay organization.  The meeting
roused the usual right-wing critical comment, this time from Robert Knight,
identified in a news report as director of the Culture and Family Institute,
which is associated with Concerned Women for America, a right-wing group that
files amicus briefs against gay rights whenever possible.
Knight described the meeting as an insult to the Republican Party’s
political base. _Seattle Times_, April 12.
_Washington, D.C._ – Senator
Rick Santorum (Rep. - Pennsylvania), one of the Republican’s Party’s most
socially-conservative members, set off a mini-firestorm in the media in an
interview he taped with the Associated Press on April 7, which was made public
on April 21.  In it, Santorum,
commenting on the Supreme Court case of _Lawrence v. Texas_ that was argued late
in March with an opinion expected shortly, made comments about homosexuality
that many in the press and leading political positions deemed to be offensive
enough to warrant his removal from the Republican leadership in the Senate.
Santorum, who is chair of the Senate Republican Conference, said, “If
the Supreme Court says that you have the right to consensual (gay) sex within
your home, then you have the right to bigamy, you have the right to polygamy,
you have the right to incest, you have the right to adultery.
You have the right to anything.” Seeing an opportunity to make hay with
gay voters, Democrats piled on in a chorus calling for the G.O.P. to remove
Santorum from his leadership post.  U.S.
Rep. Barney Frank, ever pragmatic, observed that this was just another example
of Republicans playing to their right-wing political base.
When Santorum was pressed for clarification, he spouted the standard line
that he had nothing against homosexuals, but just opposed any Supreme Court
recognition of a right of privacy for consensual sex.
There was some editorial comment pointing out that his statements were
pretty much in line with the official position on homosexuality of the Catholic
Church, of which he is a devout member.  Few
thought he would actually resign or lose his position, since what he was saying
was also in the mainstream of Republican Party positions, although few
articulate them as crudely as he did. * * * In the midst of the Santorum
firestorm, gay rights advocates had a bill introduced in the Pennsylvania
legislature to add “sexual orientation” and “gender identity or
expression” to the categories contained in the state’s civil rights law.
Senator Vincent Hughes, a Philadelphia Democratic who introduced the
bill, stated: “No matter what your sexual orientation is, injustice is wrong,
intolerance is wrong.” _Harrisburg Patriot_, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette_; April
30;
_Washington, D.C._ – Although
Congress implicitly authorized the federal Office of Personnel Management to
include domestic partners of federal employees in a new benefits program under
the Long Term Care Security Act, the proposed regulations issued by OPM do not
do so.  Little surprise, since
President Bush appointed Kay Coles James, a former senior vice president of the
Family Research Council, to be Director of the Agency.  Family Research Council is a spokesperson for the extreme
anti-gay family right-wing.   Federal
Globe, an organization of gay federal employees, has submitted comments on the
proposed regulation, urging that the federal government maintain its competitive
edge with private industry in recruiting new talent by adopting the expanded
eligibility definition for which the statute leaves room.
(Alternatively, it is expected that Rep. Barney Frank and Sen. Joe
Lieberman will introduce bills providing domestic partnership eligibility for
the federal workforce, although chances of passage are uncertain.) _Washington
Blade_, April 11.
_New Zealand_ – An Otago
University study of 1,000 persons born in Dunedin in 1972 and 1973 revealed that
25 per cent of women and elevent percent of men reported having been sexually
attracted to a person of the same sex at some time, but only about 2 percent of
men and women stated that they were only or more often attracted to members of
the same sex. _New Zealand Herald_, April 16.
_California_ – The state
Department of Health Services has ordered Health Net of California, a leading
HMO, to pay for a MediCal patient’s sex-reassignment surgery, and the insurer
is balking, according to a suit filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, seeking
judicial review of the department’s order. _Los Angeles Daily News_, April 29.
_North Carolina_ – The
_Raleigh News & Observer_ reported on April 27 about an unusual case
involving a 7-year-old boy who lives with a
foster father, a gay schoolteacher in Wake County, and whose biological
father, a Honduran man who fathered the boy in the U.S. but has since been
deported back to Honduras, sued for his return.
Keene Carrasco’s unmarried parents were caught in a government sting
operation; his mother disappeared, and his father pled guilty and was deported.
The boy was made a ward of the state, and placed in foster care with
Kevin Martin, who also has another foster child living with him.
From Honduras, Jorge Carrasco enlisted the assistance of the Honduran
consulate in seeking to have his son returned to him.
Keene, unlike his father, is a native-born U.S. citizen and speaks only
English.  The case is described as
having become a “cause celebre” in Honduras, with much being made of Martin
being gay as an objection to the foster placement.
Wake County District Judge Michael Morgan recently ruled that Keene
should move back to Honduras to be with his father, after he completes the first
grade in May, but Keene has been objecting to going to Honduras.  The judge has given Martin permission to accompany Keene when
he travels to Honduras in May or June, after school ends.
_North Carolina_ – The
_Charlotte Observer_ reported on April 29 that the McGill Baptist Church has
been ejected from the Cabarrus Baptist Association for the grievous error of
welcoming a gay male couple into membership in the church through baptism.
The Association’s missions director read a statement asserted that
“the homosexual lifestyle is contrary to God’s will and plan for mankind.”
_Ohio_ – Presbyterian Church
(USA) officials convicted Rev. Stephen Van Kuiken of violating church law for
performing union ceremonies for same-sex couples.  However, Kuiken was acquitted on charges of ordaining gays
who did not agree to the requirement of chastity.
Van Kuiken, unrepentant, said he would appeal the verdict within the
church. _Chicago Tribune_, April 22.
_Oregon_ – After years of
contortions over its non-discrimination policy and the Boy Scouts, the United
Way of Columbia Willamette’s board voted on April 22 to adopt a
non-discrimination policy that makes clear, in no uncertain terms, that
effective in 2004 it will not pass on charitable money to organizations that
discriminate based on sexual orientation.  So
the Boy Scouts, which are set to receive $110,000 this year, stand to be cut off
next year if they persist in their anti-gay policies. _Portland Oregonian_,
April 23.
_Oregon_ – Michael Mosman,
the U.S. Attorney for Oregon, who is being considered for appointment as a
federal district judge, was a law clerk for Justice Lewis Powell during the term
when _Bowers v. Hardwick_ was decided by the Supreme Court.
According to several accounts, Mosman was the conservative clerk who
wrote the memorandum to Powell arguing against overturning the Georgia sodomy
law on due process grounds.  Gay
rights groups in Oregon, as well as one of the state’s senators, has stated
objections to Mosman, arguing that he could not be unbiased in cases involving
gay issues.  Seeking to “clear his
name” on gay issues, Mosman met privately with representatives from Basic
Rights Oregon and Human Rights Campaign.  On
April 28, he sat down with the editorial board of the _Portland Oregonian_ to
put his views on the record, to the extent that a judicial candidate can do so
without violating ethical precepts.  He
stated that the views expressed in that memo from 1986 are “not my personal
views. They’re not an attempt to lead Justice Powell by the nose. . . that’s
somebody’s dream, it just doesn’t work that way.” Mosman insisted that he
is not personally biased against gay people, and that in any event he has had
plenty of experience since then in working with gay people and so his views on
gay issues have evolved from what they were when he was a young law clerk.
_Virginia_ – The governing
board of Virginia Technical University, under sharp criticism for its recent
action of ending all affirmative action and repealing discrimination protections
for gay people, has reversed course.  In
an April 6 meeting that was open to the public (as opposed to the closed meeting
in which those controversial votes were taken), the board voted 8-5 to reinstate
the school’s affirmative action policy, and also voted to reinstate the
non-discrimination policy. _Roanoke Times & World News_, April 7, 2003.
A.S.L.
House of Lords Voids
Transsexual Woman's Marriage
Since the July 11, 2002,
judgment of the European Court of Human Rights (Strasbourg Court) in _Goodwin v.
United Kingdom_ (Sept. 2002 Law Notes), the UK has been in ongoing violation of
Articles 8 (respect for private life) and 12 (right to marry) of the European
Convention on Human Rights, by failing to permit transsexual men and women to
change the sex on their birth certificates and to contract a different-sex
marriage in their reassigned sex.  The only question has been when the UK will remedy this
violation, and whether the remedy will be provided by the judiciary, or by a
combination of executive and legislative action.  On April 10, in _Bellinger v. Bellinger_, a panel of five Law
Lords of the House of Lords (the United Kingdom's highest appellate court)
unanimously declined to provide an immediate remedy and left compliance with the
Strasbourg Court's judgment in Goodwin to the executive and legislature (for the
full text of Bellinger, google “House of Lords Judgments”).
Elizabeth Bellinger is a
transsexual woman who married Michael Bellinger, a non-transsexual man,
in a civil ceremony in 1981.  If
she is considered legally male, like her husband, their marriage is void under
sec. 1(c) of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973, which provides that the parties
must be “respectively male and female.”
She sought a declaration that her marriage was valid at its inception in
1981 and is subsisting in 2003, which would mean that she is legally female.
The House of Lords had three
options.  First, it could overrule
_Corbett v. Corbett_ (1970), [1971] P. 83, in which a trial judge held that,
under UK law, chromosomal sex determines legal sex.  As the House of Lords is not bound by lower court decisions,
and is entitled to state what an Act of Parliament has always meant from its
enactment, it could say that a post-operative transsexual woman is “female”
for the purposes of the 1973 Act and the right to marry.
Second, if the House of Lords
did not wish to overrule _Corbett_, which had been relied on by UK courts since
1970, it could hold that, since Oct. 2, 2000, when the Human Rights Act 1998
came into force, it is obliged under sec. 3(1) of the 1998 Act to interpret the
1973 Act in a way which is compatible with the European Convention “so far as
it is possible to do so.”  Because
there was a clear violation of Articles 8 and 12 (the House of Lords could not
easily disagree with the Strasbourg Court), and because “female” is not
defined in the 1973 Act, it would be “possible” for the House of Lords to
interpret  “female” as including
a post-operative transsexual woman.  This
might require a decision that the Bellingers' 1981 marriage is void, but would
permit them to marry immediately.
Third, if
it was not “possible” to interpret the 1973 Act in this way, the House of
Lords could make a non-binding “declaration of incompatibility” under sec. 4
of the 1998 Act, which does not give UK courts the power to strike down Acts of
Parliament.  This declaration would
put political pressure on the executive (a minister of the UK Government) to
remedy the violation in _Bellinger_ by making a remedial order (subject to the
approval of each House of the UK Parliament) inserting definitions of “male”
and “female” into the 1973 Act, or by introducing primary legislation (a
Bill) into the UK Parliament that would regulate the legal consequences of
gender reassignment.  Because the
executive would be free to ignore a declaration of incompatibility, it would add
little to the Strasbourg Court's judgments, which are binding on the UK under
Article 46 of the Convention (the ultimate sanction for non-compliance being
expulsion from the 44-Member-State Council of Europe).
The third option would render the Bellingers' marriage void, and preclude
them from marrying until the executive took remedial action.
The House
of Lords chose the third option.  In
the lead judgment, Lord Nicholls began by noting that he was “profoundly
conscious of the humanitarian considerations underlying Mrs Bellinger's claim. .
. .  Mrs Bellinger and others
similarly placed do not undergo prolonged and painful surgery unless their
turmoil is such that they cannot otherwise live with themselves. Non-recognition
of their reassigned gender can cause them acute distress.”
However, he was “firmly of the view” that accepting Mrs. Bellinger's
claim “would necessitate giving the expressions ‘male’ and ‘female’ in
[the 1973] Act a novel, extended meaning: that a person may be born with one sex
but later become, or become regarded as, a person of the opposite sex.
This would represent a major change in the law, having far reaching
ramifications. It raises issues whose solution calls for extensive enquiry and
the widest public consultation and discussion. . . . The issues are altogether
ill-suited for determination by courts and court procedures. They are
pre-eminently a matter for Parliament, the more especially when the government,
in unequivocal terms, has already announced its intention to introduce
comprehensive primary legislation [a Bill rather than a remedial order] on this
difficult and sensitive subject.”
Lord
Nicholls went on to list reasons why the question would be better addressed by
the UK Parliament.  First, it is
very difficult to decide what the conditions for a legal change of sex should
be: “creat[ion] [of] a false vagina” or “creation of a false penis,”
hormonal treatment without surgery, or no medical treatment at all. “Today the
case before the House concerns Mrs Bellinger. Tomorrow's case in the High Court
will relate to a transsexual person who has been able to undergo a less
extensive course of surgery. The following week will be the case of a
transsexual person who has undergone hormonal treatment but who, for medical
reasons, has not been able to undergo any surgery. Then there will be a
transsexual person who is medically able to undergo all or part of the surgery
but who does not wish to do so. By what criteria are cases such as these to be
decided?”   And should
divorce or sterilisation be required?  Objective
criteria are needed for the parties entering into the marriage and for third
parties relying on its existence.  No
such criteria could be found in the Strasbourg Court's judgments, recent
Australian and New Zealand judgments, or the legislation of other European Union
Member States.
Second, the
question of marriage could not be separated from the other legal consequences of
gender reassignment, including the right of a transsexual person to have the sex
on their birth certificate changed.  Third,
“there are those who urge that the special relationship of marriage should not
now be confined to persons of the opposite sex. It should be possible for
persons of the same sex to marry. ... It hardly needs saying that this approach
would involve a fundamental change in the traditional concept of marriage. Here
again, this raises a question which ought to be considered as part of an overall
review of the most appropriate way to deal with the difficulties confronting
transsexual people.”
Lord Hope rejected the idea
that a person's sex could be changed physically. “[M]edical science is unable,
in its present state, to ... turn a man into a woman or turn a woman into a man.
... It is not just that the chromosomes that are present at birth are incapable
of being changed. The surgery, however extensive and elaborate, cannot supply
all the equipment that would be needed for the patient to play the part which
the sex to which he or she wishes to belong normally plays in having children.
At best, what is provided is no more than an imitation of the more obvious parts
of that equipment. ... A complete change of sex is, strictly speaking,
unachievable.”  Althought the
words “male” and “female” in the 1973 Act “are not technical terms and
... must be given their ordinary, everyday meaning in the English language ...
no evidence was placed before us to suggest that in contemporary usage in this
country ... these words can be taken to include post-operative transsexual
persons.”   Whether ordinary
rules of interpretation were applied, or sec. 3(1) of the 1998 Act,
<!69>male” and “female” are not ambiguous terms, and it was “not a
possible view of the facts” to say that “Mrs Bellinger had completely
changed her sex since birth and that she was now female.”
The 1973 Act made the sexes of the parties relevant. “[P]roblems of
great complexity would be involved if recognition were to be given to same sex
marriages. They must be left to Parliament.”
Lord Hobhouse added that to use
sec. 3(1) of the 1998 Act to read into the 1973 Act the words “‘or two
people of the same sex one of whom has changed his/her sex to that of the
opposite sex’ ... would ... not be an exercise in interpretation however
robust. It would be a legislative exercise of amendment making a legislative
choice as to what precise amendment was appropriate.”
He also asked: “Once you make this change, how do you, in a
non-discriminatory way, deal with ... homosexuals of the same gender?”
The House of Lords’ unanimous
decision to grant a declaration of incompatibility in _Bellinger_, combined with
the Strasbourg Court's judgment in _Goodwin_, means that transsexual men and
women in the UK must now wait for the Bill the UK Government promised on
December 13, 2002 to introduce in the UK Parliament “as soon as possible”
(http://www.lcd.gov.uk/constitution/transsex/statement.htm).
The Bill will “give legal recognition in their acquired gender to
transsexual people who can demonstrate that they have taken decisive steps
towards living fully and permanently in the gender acquired since they were
registered at birth. That will make it possible for them (if otherwise eligible)
to marry in their acquired gender.”  _Robert Wintemute_
Other International Notes
_United Nations_ – The
U.N.’s Human Rights Commission in Genera was considering a resolution that
would express the world organization’s “deep concern at the occurrence of
violation of human rights in the world against persons on the grounds of their
sexual orientation,” which had been introduced by Brazil and was backed by
many members of the European Union.  But
representatives from Muslim countries were determined to block its passage, and
managed to tie it up in so many procedural hurdles that the Commission decided
to postpone further consideration of the issue for a year. _The Guardian_, April
25; _Orlando Sentinel_, April 26.
_European Union_ – The
European Parliament approved a non-binding resolution on April 9 stating that
non-EU nationals present in EU countries should have the right to bring spouses,
parents, registered and unmarried partners into the EU irrespective of gender as
part of an overall policy of family reunification.   _EU Observer, Belgium_, April 10. * * * On April 10,
the European Parliament pass a resolution accusing the Egyptian government of
unfairly persecuting gay people in that country, reacting to recent convictions
of gay men rounded up in a police raid on a night club known as a gay hangout.
Ahmed Fathi Sorour, speaker of the Egyptian Parliament, reacted angrily
to the resolution in a letter ot Pat Cox, president of the European Union
Assembly, stating “No one has the right to give lessons to the other.”
Although Egypt does not have a sodomy law, there has been a recent wave of
arrests of gays under the rubric of “contempt of religion.” _Associated
Press_, April 19.
_Canada_ – Justice David
Aston of the Superior Court of Justice in London, Ontario, denied a petition to
establish parental rights for three adults with the same child, in a case where
the names of the parties were not revealed publicly.  The petitioners were a lesbian couple who had a child with
semen donated by a married man who is friendly with both of them.
The women are raising the child together as a couple.
They sought to establish that both women and the sperm donor are all
legal parents, but Aston found that Ontario’s family law does not permit a
child to have three legal parents simultaneously.
Aston insisted that his ruling had nothing to do with “gender, sexual
orientation or the definition of marriage.” _Globe and Mail_, April 16.
_Netherlands_ – An angry
audience releases boos and cat-calls on April 15 when an Amsterdam court
announced a sentence of 18 years in prison for Volkert van der Graaf, the
self-confessed assassin of Pim Fortuyn, the openly gay politician who had been
leading his own right-wing political party in then-pending national elections a
year ago in the Netherlands.  Under
the verdict and sentence, van der Graaf could be free in as little as eight
years. _Daily Telegraph_, April 16.
_South Korea_ – The National
Human Rights Commission has recommended that the Youth Protection Committee
removed from its list of Internet sites deemed harmful to minors those concerned
with homosexuality.  The Commission
said that existing guidelines listing gay sites as harmful to minors were out of
step with international trends and encroached upon peoples’ rights to pursue
happiness, equality and expression guaranteed by the national constitution.
The ruling came in response to a complaint filed by a group of gay people
late in 2002. _Korea Times_, April 3.
_Thailand_ – The Thai
government has decided to exempt gay men and transvestites from the military
draft, on the ground that their presence would undermine the effectiveness of
the armed forces.  The commanding
general of the Army was quoted in a newspaper as saying they were not doing this
out of prejudice, but “because we fear that the military will collapse” if
gays and transgendered people are included. _Washington Blade_, April 4.
Yeah, like the British army collapsed in Basra, right? (See below, under
United Kingdom.)
_United Kingdom_ – On March
19, the British government announced that it would provide a spousal pension to
surviving same-sex partners of servicemembers killed in action.
Quite ironic that the U.S. and the U.K. fight side-by-side in Iraq, with
openly gay people allowed in one of the forces and prohibited in the other.
The Brits also reported that a study conducted six months after the ban
on service by openly-gay persons went into effect showed that there had been no
adverse impact on recruiting or morale.
_Washington Blade_, April 4.  A.S.L.
Professional Notes
Ruth Harlow has announced that
she is retiring as Legal Director at Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund.
Ruth has been employed full-time as an attorney doing lesbian and gay
rights work, first at the ACLU and then at Lambda, for more than twelve years.
She indicated that she is thinking of switching careers, and exploring
the possibility of studying architecture.  In
a statement she sent out to the attorneys at the lesbian and gay public interest
organizations, she stated: “I have had the opportunity to work with the best
people and on the best cases I could possibly imagine as a lawyer.
One reason I’m totally shifting gears after giving all I’ve got for
LGBT and HIV rights is that I can’t imagine practicing law in some other
setting.” At press time, Lambda had not yet announced its procedure for
finding and designating a successor to Ruth.
Those interested are advised to visit Lambda’s website for up-to-date
details. A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
Federal Court Says Inmate Has
No Privacy Right Respecting His HIV Status
U.S. District Judge Ellis has
ruled that, at least in the 4th Circuit, there is no constitutional
privacy protection for the HIV status of a prison inmate.
Granting a motion to dismiss in _Sherman v. Jones_, 2003 WL 1956317 (E.D.
Va., April 22, 2003), U.S. District Judge Ellis found that although some other
circuits have found constitutional violations when the HIV+ status was
unnecessarily revealed to others, many have not, and neither the 4th
Circuit nor the Supreme Court has recognized such a privacy right.
According to the complaint,
inmate Michael Sherman approached an officer, identified only as Deputy Jones,
asking for his snack bag.  According
to Sherman, Jones responded by loudly stating, in the presence of other inmates,
“I’m not scared of you or your AIDS.” Claiming that his privacy rights had
been violated, Sherman sued in federal court, invoking federal constitutional
privacy.  In an earlier ruling, the
court dismissed claims against the prison warden in connection with this case.
In evaluating whether the
state’s motion to dismiss should be granted, District Judge Ellis stated that
the Supreme Court has never identified a general constitutional right of
privacy, instead finding that privacy had been violated in particular individual
cases.  Ellis saw no resemblance
between those cases and that of an HIV+ prison inmate.
Not only has the 4th Circuit never adopted such a privacy
right with respect to HIV-related information, but Ellis found that the circuit
has, in _Taylor v. Best_, 746 220 (4th Cir. 1984), specifically
rejected the argument that an inmate had a federal constitutional privacy right
with respect to the contents of his medical records, which Judge Ellis deemed
preclusive for purposes of this case.  He
did note that while several other circuits had followed a similar path, at least
two had not, the 2nd and the 10th, both of which found
that constitutional privacy does extend to matters of personal health status,
such as HIV status.  Judge Ellis
characterized those opinions being “based on reasoning that is neither
controlling nor persuasive here.”
In a final, somewhat apologetic
paragraph, Ellis stated that as a matter of policy it might make sense to
provide privacy protection for personal HIV-related information, but affirmed
that is the role of the federal and state governments, not the court, to extend
existing privacy theories onto new ground in a case like this.
A.S.L.
HIV+ Man Sentenced for Failing
to Warn Sex Partners
In an April 2 decision written by Judge Nancy Vaidik, the
Indiana Court of Appeals affirmed Larry Johnson’s convictions and sentences on
two counts of Failure of Carriers of Dangerous Communicable Diseases to Warn
Persons at Risk as Class D felonies. Johnson, who had five different sexual
partners and two children by two different women, never disclosed that he was
HIV+, until it was too late. _Johnson v. State of Indiana_, 785 N.E.2d 1134
(Ind. App.). Johnson argued that the trial court abused its discretion in
admitting into evidence a letter from the Social Security Administration,
testimony from three of Johnson’s former sexual partners who have tested
positive for HIV, and testimony that Johnson had admitted his HIV+ status.
In addition, he appealed the subsequent order by the trial court that he
serve two consecutive sentences.
According to the trial court,
Johnson’s sexual escapades began in 1993 with C.B., with whom he had a
six-month sexual relationship.  Then
during the summer of 1994 and continuing on and off through 1998, Johnson was in
a sexual relationship with Y.V. who gave birth to a child during that time.
Y.V. later tested HIV+ (no specific date given).
During that 4-year period, Johnson, in 1995, had a one-time sexual
encounter with T.D.  In 1996, both
C.B. and T.D. tested HIV+.  In 1998
after being confronted by T.D., Johnson denied infecting her.
In January 1999, Johnson became
involved with L.W.   She
performed oral sex on him and he penetrated her vagina; and at no time during
this encounter, did Johnson inform L.W. that he was HIV+.
In February 1999, Johnson began a sexual relationship with K.J.
After K.J. heard rumors about a month later that Johnson was HIV+, she
and L.W. confronted him. He once again denied that he was HIV+.
K.J. continued their sexual relationship, and gave birth to Johnson’s
second child.  Johnson eventually
told C.B. that he tested HIV+ around April or May of 1999. Even after his
admission to C.B., Johnson continued his sexual relationship with K.J. without
warning her of his HIV status. Approximately three to four months later, Johnson
admitted to K.J. that he was HIV+ but this happened only after she found a
Social Security document that indicated his positive status and had confronted
him.  Then on October 2, 2000, K.J.
tested HIV+.
Four months later, the State
charged Johnson with Failure of Carriers of Dangerous Communicable Diseases to
Warn Persons at Risk as Class D felonies, and was convicted on two counts.
Johnson appealed both jury decisions: one count involved his sexual
relationship with K.J. and the other involved his sexual encounter with L.W.
The trial court sentenced Johnson to two consecutive three-year sentences
with one year suspended on each count for a total executed sentence of four
years and two years on probation.
Johnson raised a number of
issues on appeal: the admissibility of evidence, the sufficiency of the evidence
and the subsequent harsh sentencing. First, he asserted that the trial court
abused its discretion in admitting a letter from the Social Security
Administration that he felt constituted hearsay. The trial court held and the
appeals court affirmed that the State did not offer the letter for its truth;
but rather, offered it to explain what prompted K.J. to confront Johnson a
second time about his HIV status.  Second,
he asserted that the trial court abused its discretion in admitting testimony
from C.B., Y.V., and T.D.  Johnson
argued that his prior sexual history was inadmissible if it was introduced in
order to establish the inference that he must have engaged in sexual
relationships with L.W. and K.J., because he had engaged in sexual relationships
with several other women in the past.  However, the appeals court affirmed that this evidence was
introduced to establish the inference that Johnson was HIV+ and that he knew he
was HIV+ at the time he engaged in sexual relationships with L.W. and K.J.
Third, Johnson argued that his admission to C.B. and to
K.J. regarding his HIV+ status was inadmissible because the State failed to
establish the corpus delicti.  The
court stated that under Indiana case law “a crime may not be proven based
solely on a confession…admission of a confession requires some independent
evidence…including evidence of the specific kind of injury and evidence that
the injury was caused by criminal conduct.
However, this evidence need…merely ‘provide an inference that a crime
was committed.’” Disagreeing with Johnson, the court held that the testimony
of the women who confronted him about their HIV status before he engaged in a
sexual relationship with L.W. and K.J., and the fact that L.W. and K.J.
testified that Johnson engaged in sexual activity with them without telling them
that he was HIV+, were independent evidence of a crime and therefore,
admissible.
Finally, Johnson argued that
the State’s evidence was insufficient to establish that he was HIV+ or that he
knew of his condition at the time of his sexual encounters with K.J. and L.W.
The appeals court reviewed the sufficiency of the evidence and held that
there is substantial evidence of probative value to support the conclusion of
the trier of fact.  The court held that under Indiana Code §35-42-1-9, “in
order to convict Johnson of Failure of Carriers of Dangerous Communicable
Diseases to Warn Persons at Risk as a Class D felony, the State had to establish
that Johnson (1) is HIV+, (2) knew he was HIV+, (3) and knowingly or
intentionally, (4) engaged with a partner in sexual contact that has been
demonstrated epidemiologically to transmit HIV, (5) while failing to warn the
partner of his HIV status and the need to seek health care.”
The court noted that K.J.
testified that she and Johnson began a sexual relationship in February 1999 and
Johnson did not reveal his positive status to her until 6 months later.
LW testified that she and Johnson were involved sexually in January 1999
and that Johnson has never told her that he was HIV+.
C.B. testified that Johnson told her that he was HIV+ in April or May of
1999.  All of these women – C.B., K.J., Y.V., and T.D. -- have
tested positive after engaging in a sexual relationship with Johnson, and the
court concluded that he could have been positive as early as 1993, the date of
his relationship with C.B.  The
court held this was sufficient to prove sexual contact without warning of his
status.  And after reviewing all the
evidence, the court held Johnson was HIV+ at the time that he engaged in sexual
contact with L.W. and K.J. and the probative value exists to support Johnson's
two convictions.
Johnson then argued that the
trial court abused its discretion when it imposed two consecutive sentences.
These sentencing decisions lie within the discretion of the trial court,
including the ability to enhance a presumptive sentence or to impose consecutive
sentences when it finds even a single aggravating circumstance. (Indiana Code §35-38-1-7.1.)
The court supported its sentencing decision by stating that Johnson’s
prior criminal behavior, while not extensive, is an aggravating factor that
demonstrates a propensity for criminal behavior.
And secondly, Johnson’s blatant disregard for the number of people he
affected and the risk of infecting the children was an additional aggravating
factor.  The court stated that it
found no mitigating factors.  The
Appeals Court concluded that the trial court properly identified two aggravating
factors and Johnson failed to identify any mitigating factors. Therefore, the
court affirmed that the trial court acted within its discretion when it ordered
Johnson to serve two consecutive sentences.
Chief Judge Sanford M. Brook
dissented, even though he agreed with the majority that being HIV+ was not
itself a crime but that the State was required to establish beyond a reasonable
doubt all the evidence.  Chief Judge
Brook took a textual approach and interpreted IC 16-41-7-1 to mean that if
Johnson only “reasonably should have known” and did not “actually know”
he was HIV+, then Johnson was under no statutory duty to warn other persons who
may have been at risk.  In addition,
Brook argued that the State could not establish with competent evidence that
Johnson actually knew he was a carrier.  The
one letter from the Social Security Administration, which was admitted for
another purpose, does not suffice to establish independent evidence from
Johnson’s extrajudicial confession. Therefore, no independent proof that the
specific crimes as charged were committed.
Brook concluded: “A court may not read into a statute that which is not
the expressed intent of the legislature. . . Johnson's actions might be
considered extremely callous and contemptible, but absent competent evidence
that he was a carrier of HIV and actually knew of his carrier status, they
cannot be considered criminal under the applicable statutes as they are
currently written.” _Audrey Weinberger_
Federal Court Rejects Hiring
Discrimination Claim by HIV+ Applicant
In _Loren v. Levy_, 2003 WL
1702004 (S.D.N.Y. March 31), U.S. District Court Judge Denny Chin granted
summary judgment to the New York City Board of Education, the New York State
Department of Education and various officials of each agency in a lawsuit
brought by Dean Loren, an unsuccessful HIV+ applicant for the New York City
Teaching Fellows Program who alleged that he was denied participation in the
program in violation of the Americans With Disabilities Act, various federal and
state whistleblower and civil rights statutes, breach of contract and various
state and federal discrimination laws. The Court ruled that the defendants had
reasonable grounds to deny Loren participation in the program.
During the late 1990's, Loren “became involved in various activities relating
to Martin Luther King High School.”  Eventually,
he began to write letters complaining of corruption, fraud and racial
discrimination at the school, and coverups in response to his complaints. He
sent letters to President Clinton, Vice President Gore, Mayor Giuliani, New York
Public Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew (and his successor, Harold Levy), U.S.
Senator Charles Schumer, Rev. Al Sharpton, The Washington Post, The New York
Times, The L.A. Times, The New York Post, and The New York Daily News.
In June 1998, Loren attended a
meeting of the Board of Education, where he met with one Vicki Bernstein, a
Board of Education official, who found his demeanor “odd” and that he was
“not particularly rational.”  Two
years later, he applied for a position with the Teaching Fellows Program, a
program which is intended to provide an alternative means of entry into teaching
for professionals and other “non-traditional” candidates. Loren has degrees
in chemistry and law. He was selected for the program in late July 2000.
Training would begin on July 31, 2000. That very day, at another location,
Bernstein learned that Loren was selected for the program. She recalled him from
their meeting in 1998. She felt he was not an appropriate candidate for the
program and began taking steps to have him terminated. She spent the afternoon
confirming various incidents reported by others and verifying the steps needed
to terminate him in the Program. It was decided to advise him that he was
terminated at the end of the training day. Meanwhile, Loren approached one of
the trainers at the program to advise of his HIV+ status, ask about the Board of
Education’s HIV policies, and ask for some medical forms. The court found that
this was the first notice that anyone had of Loren’s HIV+ status, and that
Bernstein had no knowledge of this.
Loren was terminated at the end of the day, and sued shortly thereafter.
The claim which would be of most interest to our readers is the one under the
Americans With Disabilties Act.  The
Act has four requirements for suit: (1) that the defendants are covered by the
ADA, (2) that the plaintiff suffers from a disability within the meaning of the
ADA, (3) that the plaintiff is qualified for the position he seeks or occupies,
and (4) that the plaintiff suffered an adverse employment action because of his
disability. Judge Chin granted summary judgment to the defendants because, he
found,  no reasonable jury could
find that Loren’s termination related to his HIV status.  Chin found slim support for Loren’s position and ample
support for the position of the defendants in what is clearly a voluminous
record. The only evidence on the record supporting Loren’s claim was that the
decision to terminate was close in time to the occasion when Loren advised a
Board of Education employee that he had HIV. The record showed that the decision
to terminate was made before Loren spoke up, based on a finding of fact that
recorded key events on the critical afternoon on a minute-by-minute basis.
Loren’s other claims were rejected after lengthy and detailed findings
and with equal lack of sympathy. _Steven Kolodny_
AIDS-Phobic Funeral Home
Escapes ADA Liability
U.S. District Judge Jose
Antonio Fuste in Puerto Rico ruled that a local funeral home had no liability
under the public accommodations provisions of the Americans With Disabilities
Act for alleged discriminatory treatment in connection with the funeral of a
person who died from AIDS. _Font v. Funeraria San Francisco_, 2003 WL 1918031
(D. P.R., March 27, 2003).
When Francisco Lorenzo Font died in a New Jersey apartment in
1998, his family members decided to hold the funeral in his hometown, Aguado,
Puerto Rico.  His mother, who lived
with one daughter in Aguado, had come to New Jersey and stayed with another
daughter who lived there while Francisco was receiving medical care.
The family wanted to hold an open-casket wake at the Funeraria San
Francisco in Aguada.
They contacted the funeral home
and made a contract with Benjamin Rosario, the owner of the home, who had them
arrange with one Greg Brunwasser, a New Jersey mortician, to pick up
Francisco’s body, have it embalmed, and arrange for transport to Puerto Rico.
None of the family members had actually seen the body after Francisco’s
death.  Although it is not clear
from the court’s opinion, it appears that Rosario did not know when he made
the contract that Francisco had died from AIDS.
Brunwasser collected the body,
embalmed it, and sent it to Funeraria San Francisco in Aguada. The family
members also went to Puerto Rico to prepare for the wake at the funeral home,
but they learned that as soon as the body arrived, Rosario ordered that it be
taken directly to the cemetery for burial.
Brunwasser had warned Rosario that Francisco died from AIDS, a “highly
infectious disease.”  Rosario then
concluded that Francisco had to be buried immediately for safety reasons, and
that there could be no open-casket wake.  Rosario
also suggested to Francisco’s family members that they get HIV and hepatitis
testing to protect themselves.
The upset family members
prevailed on Rosario to let them hold the wake, but he insisted that it be
closed-casket at their home, not at the funeral home.  Wanda, one of Francisco’s sisters, called Francisco’s
physician in New Jersey to ask whether any of this was necessary, and the doctor
assured her that an open-casket ceremony would be perfectly fine and that
Francisco, in his embalmed state, presented no risk of infection to anybody at
the funeral home.  But the casket
provided for the wake was apparently sealed, because the Fonts were unable to
have an open-casket wake.  After the
burial, his family had doubts about whether he had even been in the casket,
since the funeral home had insisted on sealing it and they had not seen him
since his death.  They prevailed on
the Puerto Rico Health Department to have the body exhumed so it could be
positively identified before reburial.
After this emotionally
harrowing experience, the family members filed suit against the funeral home and
Rosario in the U.S. District Court in Puerto Rico under Title III of the
Americans With Disabilities Act, which provides that places of public
accommodation (including funeral homes) may not discriminate against persons
with disabilities or those associated with such persons.
They also asserted claims for breach of contract in violation of state
law.   They sought a judicial
declaration that the funeral home had violated federal and state law, and
damages for discrimination and emotional distress.
The funeral home moved to dismiss the federal ADA claim, arguing that the
court had no jurisdiction in this situation because Francisco, being dead, was
no longer disabled, and that the plaintiffs, who are not disabled, could not
assert any rights under the ADA.  The
home also argued that declaratory federal should not be available to these
plaintiffs because there was no indication they could be subject to the same
discriminatory conduct in the future.
Judge Fuste noted a prior
federal court opinion holding that “a plaintiff seeking injunctive relief
based on an alleged past wrong must show that there is a real or immediate
threat that he will be wronged again,” and “that an ADA claim for direct
discrimination under Title III will not survive a plaintiff’s death.”
“Plaintiffs’ injury was inextricably intertwined with the death of
their relative,” wrote Fuste. “Their need for Defendants’ Funeral Home
services arose at the time of the decedent’s death, and they incurred any
injuries at that time.  They do not
allege that they are suffering any ongoing discrimination on the part of
Defendants, nor suggest that they intend to use Defendants’ services again. .
.  As such, Plaintiffs have not met
the requirements of standing.”
While conceding that “this is
a truly harrowing case,” Fuste asserted that “nothing in the ADA or its
legislative history suggests an intent to allow individuals to obtain relief
without showing a present case or controversy, regardless of the factual
circumstances.”  Although the ADA
says that it is to be “broadly construed” to address unjustified
discrimination against persons with disabilities, Fuste rejected the argument
“that the statute should be interpreted so broadly as to give Plaintiffs a
cause of action for discrimination that occurred after their disabled
relative’s death.”
Fuste never directly addressed
the plaintiffs’ claim that their own rights, as persons who are ‘associated
with’ a person with a disability, were at stake in the case, even though the
ADA specifically provides that such persons are protected from discrimination
attributable to their association with a person with a disability. He suggested
that the lack of prospective injury to a dead person or that person’s living
associates meant that the equitable relief authorized under the ADA was
unavailable. Although Fuste conceded that many courts have found that
HIV-positive individuals have a disability within the meaning of the law, he
apparently believed that the disabled person must be living for those associated
with him to have a statutory claim of discrimination.
Judge Fuste was appointed to
the federal bench by Ronald Reagan.  His
decision exemplifies the crabbed, literalistic manner in which many federal
courts, from the Supreme Court on down, have interpreted the ADA to undermine
its basic function of outlawing disability-based discrimination.
By contrast, early in the AIDS epidemi a New York trial court held that
unjustified funeral home practices in connection with the funerals of persons
who died with HIV-infection violate the local anti-discrimination laws,
interpreting statutory language not far different from the ADA. _Dimicelli &
Sons Funeral Home v. N.Y. City Comm. on Human Rts._, NYLJ, 1/14/87, p.7, col.3
(Sup.Ct., N.Y.Co., 1/9/87).
Of course, the Font family is
not totally without recourse, as Judge Fuste pointed out that they “may still
pursue their state law claims in the appropriate court.”
So it is possible that they may win some damages in state court for
breach of contract.  A.S.L.
AIDS Litigation Notes
_Federal - Florida_ – In
_Pate v. Peel_, 2003 WL 1860673 (N.D. Fla., March 31, 2003), the court rejected
1st and 8th Amendment claims by an HIV+ state prison
inmate.  The only defendant is a
nurse-practitioner at the prison, who is charged in this litigation with
deliberate indifference to the plaintiff’s condition and specific relation for
complaints made by the plaintiff.  The
Magistrate Judge found no basis for either claim.
_Federal - Massachusetts_ –
In _Ishmael v. Immigration and Naturalization Service_, 2003 WL 1790895 (D.
Mass., April 1, 2003), District Judge Zobel found that the court was without
jurisdiction to countermand a deportation order of an HIV+ detainee, who argued
that deportation would be inhumane due to his medical situation and the
separation of his family (his children are U.S. citizens not subject to
deportation).
_Federal – New York_ – In
_Benner v. Becton Dickinson & Co._, 2003 Wl 1702014 (S.D.N.Y., March 28,
2003), U.S. District Judge Pauley rejected the plaintiff’s attempt to make a
nationwide class action out of a lawsuit involving products liability claims
against a manufacturer of injection devices, claiming that they presented an
unreasonable danger of HIV transmission.  The
court found that the necessary risk benefit analysis for a products liability
suit based on a defective design theory could not be performed in common for the
entire class, because the risk analysis must be based on comparisons of the
benefits to be gained by particular uses, and the products in question have a
multitude of different specific, relevant uses for purposes of this litigation.
_California_ – The 2nd
District Court of Appeals has reconsidered its ruling concerning the
circumstances under which a court can order HIV testing of a person charged with
a crime, reacting to a recent decision by the state’s supreme court.
In _Humphrey v. Appellate Division of the Superior Court_, 2003 WL
1930321 (April 24, 2003) (not officially published), the court found that it was
appropriate to order testing of a man charge with child molestation and sexual
battery where the mother of the young girls who were allegedly molested had
filed an affidavit with the court describing circumstances related to her by her
daughters in which it was possible that body fluids may have been transferred in
a method that theoretically result in HIV transmission.
The court rejected the argument that an affidavit from the mother based
on what her children had told her was not sufficient to meet the probable cause
standard established by the state’s HIV testing law, and also rejected the
argument that as the statute only authorizes testing on the victim’s request,
the mother’s affidavit would be insufficient to trigger the statute.
_Washington State_ – In an
unpublished opinion in _State of Washington v. Perry_, 2003 WL 1775990 (April 1,
2003), the Court of Appeals of Washington vacated an HIV testing requirement
that was part of the sentence imposed where the defendant was convicted of two
counts of delivery of mephamphetamine.  The
trial court imposed the HIV test under a statute that authorizes such an order
“if the court determines at the time of conviction that the related drug
offense is one associated with the use of hypodermic needles.” At trial, a
detective testified that mephamphetamine may be “snorted, smoked, inhaled, or
injected,” and the trial court concluded the statutory requirement had been
met.  However, there was no evidence
at trial that Perry had ever injected himself with the drug, and at the
appellate level the state conceded error in having sought the testing.
_Washington State_ – In
_Marriage of D.K.R. and V.R.R._, 2003 WL 1738917 (March 31, 2003) (not
officially published), the Washington Court of Appeals ruled that the trial
court erred in awarding lifetime maintenance to an HIV+ woman as part of a
divorce decree in a four-year marriage.  V.R.
was diagnosed as HIV+ shortly before she was to marry D.R., and offered to call
the whole thing off, but D.R. still wanted to marry her.
V.R., who was employed as an administrative assistance, brought a child
from a prior marriage to the marriage with D.R., although he did not adopted the
child.  D.R. initiated the divorce
action after the parties separated.  The
trial court, noting the medical complications of V.R.’s condition, ordered a
monthly maintenance payment for the remainder of V.R.’s life, unless she
married or recovered her health sufficiently to enjoy full-time employment.
The court of appeals reversal noted that there was no finding that
“V.R.’s health problems have rendered her virtually unemployable,” and
that when a marriage is short-term, courts are not supposed to make lifetime
maintenance awards.  There was also
a child support award, which was not contested, and the court of appeals
approved the trial court’s decision to award V.R. a substantial share of the
community property pension accumulation. A.S.L.
AIDS Policy Notes
Following up on his
state-of-the-union pledge to increase substantially the U.S. financial
commitment to combating AIDS abroad, President Bush has urged Congress to pass a
legislative proposal introduced by Rep. Henry Hyde, an Illinois Republican, that
would set aside $15 billion over the next five years to expand AIDS treatment by
targeting payment for drugs and funding preventive education.
Hyde, known as a vigorous opponent of abortion, has nonetheless drafted
the bill to make money available to non-governmental organizations, even though
they might also offer abortion counseling or services, so long as the funding
streams for the activities are kept separate. _Associated Press_, April 30.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED &
ANNOUNCEMENTS
MOVEMENT JOB ANNOUNCEMENT
Servicemembers Legal Defense
Network, a legal aid and advocacy organization assisting men and women harmed by
“Don't Ask, Don't Tell,” seeks a full-time staff attorney for its
Washington, D.C. office. Responsible for all aspects of assigned legal cases as
well as general legal, policy, education and outreach activities, including
serving as liaison to the armed services and Pentagon. Req: JD from an
accredited institution, member in good standing of a state bar and 1-3 years of
experience. Salary based on experience, excellent benefits. Send resume, cover
letter & salary history to: hr@sldn.org or fax: (202) 797-1635.
SLDN maintains a strong commitment to a multicultural environment.
www.sldn.org.
EVENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Harvard Lambda, the
organization for lesbian, gay, bi and trans issues at Harvard Law School, has
announced dates for two fall events.  On
Saturday, September 20, Lambda will present a day-long program and dinner to
commemorate the 25th anniversary of the formation of the first gay
student group at the law school.  On
October 10-11, Lambda will be presenting a weekend conference on the gay
military issue, with an emphasis on the Solomon Amendment and its impact on law
school recruitment policies.  The
newly-announced president of Harvard Lambda for next year, Amanda Goad, can be
contacted for information about these events.
Her email is agoad@law.harvard.edu.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED
LEGAL ISSUES:
Berrigan, Helen G.,
_Transsexual Marriage: A Trans-Atlantic Judicial Dialogue_, 12 L. &
Sexuality 87 (2003).
Bix, Brian H., _Choice of Law
and Marriage: A Proposal_, 36 Fam. L.Q. 255 (Summer 2002).
Cappel, Andrew J., _Bringing
Cultural Practice Into Law: Ritual and Social Norms Jurisprudence_, 43 Santa
Clara L. Rev. 389 (2003) (includes analysis of _Boy Scouts of America v. Dale_
in light of author’s thesis).
Cohen, Gail E., _Estate
Planning for the Unique Needs of Unmarried Partners_, 30 Estate Planning 188
(April 2003).
Dempsey, Brian, _Same-Sex
Couples in Scots Law_, SCOLAG Law Journal Issue 300 (Pt. I, pages 181-192),
SCOLAG Law Journal Issue 301 (Pt. 2, pages 201-204).
Donovan, James M., _Same-Sex
Union Announcements: Whether Newspapers Must Publish Them and Why We Should
Care_, 68 Brooklyn L. Rev. 721 (2003).
Finkelman, Paul, _Picture
Perfect: The First Amendment Trumps Congress in_ Ashcroft v. Free Speech
Coalition, 38 Tulsa L. Rev. 243 (Winter 2002).
Friedland, Mariam Aviva, _Too
Close to the Edge: Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Youth in the Child
Welfare System_, 3 Georgetown J. Gender & L. 777 (Summer 2002).
Garland, James Allon, _Breaking
the Enigma Code: Why the Law Has Failed to Recognize Sex as Expressive Conduct
Under the First Amendment, and Why Sex Between Men Proves That It Should_, 12 L.
& Sexuality 159 (2003).
Grenfell, Laura, _Making Sex:
Law’s Narratives of Sex, Gender and Identity_, 23 Legal Studies 66 (March
2003).
Guedes, Edward, _Don’t Ask,
Don’t Tell. . . . At Work or in Court – The Conflict Between the Supreme
Court’s Decision in_ Oncale_ and _Price Waterhouse, 18 The Labor Lawyer 337
(Winter/Spring 2003).
Hardy, Samantha, and Sarah
Middleton, _Legal Recognition of Significant Personal Relationships in
Tasmania_, 20 U. Tasmania L. Rev. 159 (2001).
Heinzelmann, Mary Beth, _The
“Reasonable Lesbian” Standard: A Potential Deterrent Against Bias in Hostile
Work Environment Cases_, 12 L. & Sexuality 337 (2003) (Winner of NLGLA
Michael Greenberg Writing Competition).
Hinckley, Steven D., _Your
Money or Your Speech: The Children’s Internet Protection Act and the
Congressional Assault on the First Amendment in Public Libraries_, 80 Wash. U.
L. Q. 1025 (Winter 2002).
Kahn, Jonathan, _Privacy as a
Legal Principle of Identity Maintenance_, 33 Seton Hall L. Rev. 371 (2003).
Knauer, Nancy J., _Science,
Identity, and the Construction of the Gay Political Narrative_, 12 L. &
Sexuality 1 (2003).
Kulow, Marianne DelPo, _Same
Sex Marriage: A Scandinavian Perspective_, 24 Loyola of L.A. Int’l & Comp.
L. Rev. 419 (Aug. 2002).
Laughlin, Gregory K., _Sex,
Lies, and Library Cards: The First Amendment Implications of the Use of Software
Filters to Control Access to Internet Pornography in Public Libraries_, 51 Drake
L. Rev. 213 (2003).
Mason, Mary Ann, and Nicole
Zayac, _Rethinking Stepparent Rights: Has the ALI Found a Better Definition?_,
36 Fam. L. Q. 227 (Summer 2002).
McGowan, Sharon, _The Bona Fide
Body: Title VII's Last Bastion of Intentional Sex Discrimination_, 12 _Col. J.
of Gender & L. 77 (2003)
Montz, Vivien Toomey, _Shifting
Parameters: An Examination of Recent Changes in the Baseline of Actionable
Conduct for Hostile Work Environment Sexual Harassment_, 3 Georgetown J. Gender
& L. 809 (Summer 2002).
Poirier, Marc R., _Hastening
the_ Kulturkampf.  Boy Scouts of
America v. Dale_ and the Politics of American Masculinity_, 12 L. &
Sexuality 271 (2003).
Sedler, Robert A., _The Settled
Nature of American Constitutional Law_, 48 Wayne L. Rev. 175 (Spring 2002).
Sumner, Ian, _The Charter of
Fundamental Rights of the EU and Sexual Orientation_, 2002 Int’l Fam. L. 156
(Nov. 2002).
Turner, Ronald, _Were
Separate-But-Equal and Antimiscegenation Laws Constitutional?
Applying Scalian Traditionalism to_ Brown_ and _Loving, 40 San Diego L.
Rev. 285 (Feb-Mar 2003).
Wardle, Lynn D., _Parental
Infidelity and the “No-Harm” Rule in Custody Litigation_, 52 Catholic Univ.
L. Rev. 81 (Fall 2002).
Yatar, Eric K. M., _Defamation,
Privacy, and the Changing Social Status of Homosexuality: Re-Thinking Supreme
Court Gay Rights Jurisprudence_, 12 L. & Sexuality 119 (2003).
_Student Articles:_
Anzuoni, Nicole, _Gender Non-Conformists Under Title VII: A
Confusing Jurisprudence in Need of a Legislative Remedy_, 3 Georgetown J. Gender
& L. 871 (Summer 2002).
Brinkman, Jeffrey P., Veney v.
Wyche_.  Not in My Cell – The
Constitutionality of Segregating Prisoners Based on Their Sexual Orientation_,
12 L. & Sexuality 375 (2003).
_Improper Application of
First-Amendment Scrutiny to Conduct-Based Public Nudity Laws:_ City of Erie v.
Pap’s A.M._ Perpetuates the Confusion Created by_ Barnes v. Glen Theatre,
Inc., 17 BYU J. Pub. L. 89 (2002).
Jones, Heather, Apprendi v. New
Jersey_: A True “Watershed” Ruling_, 81 Texas L. Rev. 1361 (April 2003).
Kapczynski, Amy, _Same-Sex
Privacy and the Limits of Antidiscrimination Law_, 112 Yale L. J. 1257 (March
2003).
Martin, Casey, _Equal
Opportunity Adoption & Declaratory Judgments: Acting in a Child’s Best
Interest_, 43 Santa Clara L. Rev. 569 (2003).
Massaro, Christopher, _The Role
of Workplace Culture Evidence in Hostile Workplace Environment Sexual Harassment
Litigation: Does Title VII Mean New Management or Just Business As Usual?_, 46
N.Y.L.S. L. Rev. 349 (2002-2003).
Richardson, Pamela S.,
_Mandatory Juvenile Sex Offender Registration and Community Notification: The
Only Viable Option to Protect All the Nation’s Children_, 52 Catholic Univ. L.
Rev. 237 (Fall 2002).
Schwartz, Jennifer L., Lawrence
v. Texas_: Court of Appeals of Texas Holds Texas Ban on Homosexual Sodomy Does
Not Invidiously Discrimination Against Homosexuals Under Federal and State
Constitutions_, 12 L. & Sexuality 363 (2003).
Skaggs, J. Adam, _Burning the
Library to Roast the Pig? Online Pornography and Internet Filtering in the Free
Public Library_, 68 Brooklyn L. Rev. 809 (2003).
_The More, the Not Marry-Er: In
Search of a Policy Behind Eligibility for California Domestic Partnerships_, 40
San Diego L. Rev. 427 (Feb-Mar 2003).
_The State to the Rescue: Using
State Statutes to Protect Children from Peer Harassment in School_, 35 Col. J.
L. & Soc. Prob. 317 (Summer 2002).
_Specially Noted:_
Volume 12 of _Law &
Sexuality: A Review of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Legal Issues_
(2003), has been published by students at Tulane University Law School.
Individual articles are listed above.
For information about buying a copy, consult the Tulane Law School
journals website.
Volume 23, Number 3 of the
_Women’s Rights Law Reporter_ (Summer 2002) includes a report of a panel
discussion on _Gender, Race, and Sexuality: Historical Themes and Emerging
Issues in Women’s Rights Law_.  Panelists
include Martha F. Davis, Suzanne B. Goldberg, and Tanya K. Hernandez.
_The Sharon Kowalski Case:
Lesbian and Gay Rights on Trial_, by Casey Charles (University of Kansas Press,
ISBN 0-7006-1233-5, 2003), is a book-length treatment of one of the most
important cases in lesbian and gay family law.
The subject was previously treated at book length by Karen Thompson,
Sharon Kowalski’s domestic partner who had spearheaded the legal battle for
recognition of their family after Sharon was seriously disabled in an auto
accident, in the form of an autobiographical account of the struggle.
This new third-person account enlists the apparatus of scholarly
examination to present a detailed history of the case and its consequences for
the law.  Despite the academic
apparatus, the book is a lively read, and contains numerous details that will
have been previously unknown to most casual followers of the case.
Furthermore, Prof. Charles attempts with some success to steer a neutral
course and understand the points of view of all the key players as the story
unfolds.  Prof. Charles, who teaches
English literature at the University of Montana, is also a lawyer with several
years of practice experience, and thus brings the insights of a legally trained
observer to the story.  The book is
available in both paperback and hard cover, and is highly recommended by your
Editor.
Praeger Publishers has issued
an anthology titled “Marriage and Same-Sex Unions: A Debate,” consisting of
a series of point-counterpoint essays by legal scholars on both sides of the
issues concerning legal recognition of same-sex partnerships.
In addition to your Editor, other “debaters” include Evan Wolfson,
Maggie Gallagher, Mark Strasser, John Witte, Jr., Lynne Marie Kohm, Stephen
Macedo, Lynn D. Wardle, Robert P. George, Carlos A. Ball, Teresa Stanton
Collett, William N. Eskridge, Jr., Andrew Koppelman, Richard G. Wilkins, David
B. Cruz, Richard F. Duncan, Greg Johnson, Barbara J. Cox, Patrick J. Borchers,
James D. Wilets, and Robert John Araujo, S.J.
Not surprisingly, many of the debaters from the “opposition” teach at
religiously-affiliated schools, and some of the essays leave a sense of having
talked “past” each other.  The
volume is co-edited by Wardle, Strasser and Duncan.
Vol. 11, No. 3 (2002) of the
Widener Journal of Public Law contains a symposium consisting of six articles
grouped under the title “Civil Unions In Vermont: Where to Go From Here? A
Symposium Addressing the Impact of Civil Unions.” The symposium was organized
by the late Prof. David Orgon Coolidge, and assembles papers by persons
generally predisposed against legal recognition of same-sex partners.
The slant of the articles is not fully reflected in the neutral-sounding
title of the symposium or the titles of many of the articles.
Some of the articles collect interesting and useful statistical data and
make helpful analytical points, in the overall context of disapproval of what
was done in Vermont and warnings against negative consequences for society
predicted as a result.  The authors
and articles are: Randy Lee, “A Tribute to My Friend David Orgon Coolidge”
(p. 353); William C. Duncan, “The Many Questions of Civil Unions: An
Introduction to a Symposium Addressing the Impact of Civil Unions” (p. 361);
Teresa Stanton Collett, “Benefits, Nonmarital Status, and the Homosexual
Agenda” (p. 379); Lynn D. Wardle, “Counting the Costs of Civil Unions: Some
Potential Detrimental Effects on Family Law” (p. 401); Lynne Marie Kohm,
“The Collateral Effects of Civil Unions on Family Law” (p. 451); and Michael
A. Scaperlanda, “Kulturkampf in the Backwaters: Homosexuality and Immigration
Law” (p. 475).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL
ISSUES:
Bix, Brian H.,
_Physician-Assisted Suicide and Federalism_, 17 Notre Dame J. L. Ethics &
Pub. Pol. 53 (2003).
Bucholtz, Barbara K.,
_Employment Rights and Wrongs: ADA Issues in the 2001-2002 Supreme Court Term_,
38 Tulsa L. Rev. 363 (Winter 2002).
Craver, Charles, _The Judicial
Disabling of the Employment Discrimination Provisions of the Americans with
Disabilities Act_, 18 The Labor Lawyer 417 (Winter/Spring 2003).
Noah, Barbara A., _AIDS and
Antiretroviral Drugs in South Africa: Public Health, Politics, and Individual
Suffering: A Review of Brian Tilley’s_ It’s My Life, 31 J. L. Med. &
Ethics 144 (Spring 2003).
Weimer, Deborah J., _Medical
Treatment of Children With HIV Illness and the Need for Supportive Intervention:
The Challenges for Medical Providers, Families, and the State_, 54 Juvenile
& Fam. Ct. J. No. 1, 1 (Winter 2003).
_Student Articles:_
Friedgen, Kelley A.,
_Rethinking the Struggle Between Health and Intellectual Property: A Proposed
Framework for Dynamic, Rather Than Absolute, Patent Protection of Essential
Medicines_, 16 Emory Int’l L. Rev. 689 (Fall 2002).
Lovett, William B., Jr.,
_Supreme Court’s Clarification of the Effect of “Mitigating Measures” in
Disability Determinations Muddies Disabilities Waters:_ Sutton v. United
Airlines, Inc., 21 Miss. Coll. L. Rev. 153 (Fall 2001).
_Specially Noted:_
Vol. 44, No. 3 (Feb. 2003) of
William and Mary Law Review contains a symposium on Disability and Identity,
with particular focus on some issues raised by the Americans With Disabilities
Act.
EDITOR'S NOTES:
_Corrections_: Some errors
slipped into recent Law Notes requiring correction.  In reporting on the publication by BNA’s Family Law
Reporter of the _Kantaras_ decision from Florida, we mistakenly referred to the
judge as a federal district judge.  In
fact, he is a state trial judge.  In
our introduction to a reader’s letter concerning the _Strome_ decision from
Oregon, we mistakenly identified the case as a custody dispute between a gay man
and his ex-wife, when in fact the opinion in question dealt with a dispute
between the gay man and his mother, thus the relevance of _Troxel_ to the
outcome. * * * All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian & Gay
Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is
welcome and will be published subject to editing.  Please address correspondence to the Editor or send via e>mail.
^Z