http://www.deltaspark.com/peacepins/privacy.html
Home
Lapel Pins
Pendants
Key Chains
Stickers
Specials
The product description(s) and image(s) on this web page are the intellectual property of Delta Spark. All designs on this site are registered with the U.S. Copyright Office. Reproduction by express permission only.
Privacy Policy
Delta Spark is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize the need to protect the personal information you share with us. This Online Policy describes how we will care for your personal information. If you have any comments or questions regarding our online Privacy Policy, please contact at info@deltaspark.com.
NOTICE
When we collect personal information, we will post a purpose statement that explains why the information is being collected and whether we plan to share it outside of Delta Spark or those working on our behalf. We will not transfer information to third parties unless we are legally required to so so.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some of this site utilizes tracking technologies, such as cookies. These technologies may serve to recall personal information previously indicated by a web user. You can set your browser to disallow the collection of cookies.
Tracking technologies gather information, such as Internet domain names; Internet protocol addresses; browser software and operating system types; and dates and times that Healing Woods is accessed.
We evaluate information that tracking technologies gather to improve this site and make your experience more enjoyable.
CHOICE
You can visit our site without sharing any personal information about yourself. However, if you make a purchase, the personal information you provide us--including, but not limited to, your full name, address, phone number and email address--will never be abused. The notice we provide when collecting personal information will help you make the choice.
YOUR CONSENT - OUR COMMITTMENT
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy and to our use of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where we collect personal information.
If our policy changes, we will make every attempt to ensure that the changes are brought to our visitors' and clients' attention, including notice on the home page of this site.
Wholesale Info | Privacy Policy | Custom Pins | Shipping Info
info@deltaspark.com | 805-203-8808
The product description(s) and image(s) on this web page are the intellectual property of Delta Spark. All designs on this site are registered with the U.S. Copyright Office. Reproduction by express permission only.
Copyright 1996-2017 Delta Spark.  All rights reserved.