http://www.rhymes.org.uk/policies/cookies-policy.htm
HomeCOOKIES AND OUR COMMITMENT TO GDPR Updated December 01, 2018 CookiesThis Website is the property of Siteseen Ltd, a UK based web-authoring company. Siteseen Ltd is commited to protecting the personal identity of its website visitors, and uses third-party software, in order to better serve its users. What is a Cookie?Cookies are files containing small amounts of information which are created by the browser on the device you use when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies do lots of different and useful jobs, such as remembering your preferences, and generally improving your online experience. There are different types of cookies that all work in the same way, but have minor differences and uses. Session CookiesSession cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. These facilitate various tasks such as allowing a website to identify that a user of a particular device is navigating from page to page, supporting website security or basic functionality. By using this website you agree to the use of these types of cookies, however you can block these cookies using your browser settings. Cookies via Google AnalyticsThis website uses third-party statistics services to monitor it's visitors to better understand how they use it. These services are provided by Google Analytics who use cookies to track and monitor general visitor engagement and usage including their estimated general location, connection speed, length of time of site, pages visited, and the type of the device used to visit this website. For further information please refer to the following privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en What cookies are used on this website via Google Analytics?gtag.js and analytics.js set the following cookies on this website:_ga expires after 2 years and is used to distinguish users._gid expires after 24 hours and is used to distinguish users._gat expires after 1 minute and is used to throttle the request rate.For further information please refer to:https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage Opt-Out Provisions (Google Analytics)Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor interactions on our website. Users can disable cookies or delete any individual cookie. For more information visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies Users of this website can opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by installing and enabling an optional browser add-on that disables measurement by Google Analytics for any website that a user visits. For more information, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ Cookies via other third-party advertisersIn addition to Google Adsense, this website uses third-party advertisements served by Infolinks and Conversant Media. Please refer to the companies individual privacy policies for further information:https://www.infolinks.com/privacy-policy/https://www.conversantmedia.eu/legal/privacy-policy Cookies via Google Adsense for users within the European Economic AreaThis website uses third-party advertisements served via Google Adsense. Any user visiting this website from a location within the European Economic Area (EEA) may be served a combination of both personalised and non-personlised advertisements which allow the use of cookies, or other local storage, in order to serve personalised ads. Google Adsense may also use third-party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors and providers of sponsored content to set and access cookies on your computer. Users located witin the European Economic Area (EEA) have the option to switch personalised ads off from within the settings option displayed on our Cookie Consent Management Pop-up. This website is supported by advertising, therefore, users who opt to switch off personalised advertisements, will, instead, be shown non-personalised advertisements only. Cookies via Google Adsense for users outside of the European Economic AreaVisitors to this website located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), may be served a combination of both personalised and non-personlised advertisements which allow the use of cookies, or other local storage, in order to serve personalised ads. Google Adsense may also use third-party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors and providers of sponsored content to set and access cookies on your computer. Non-personalised ads ExplainedNon-personalised ads are not based on a user’s past behavior, this type of advertising is targeted using contextual information. Non-personalised advertisments only use cookies, or mobile ad identifiers, to allow for aggregated ad reporting, frequency capping and to help prevent fraud and abuse. Cookies, produced in relation to non-personalised advertising, do not record information against user identifiers for the purposes of personalised ads measurement or targeting. Non-personalised ads do not support third-party buyers or third-party ad tracking. Personalised ads ExplainedPersonalised Advertisments are based on previously collected or historical data which may include a user's previous search queries, activity, visits to sites or apps, demographic information, or location. Cookies via third-party social media sites:This website uses third-party social media sites including Facebook, YouTube and Google Plus, to better serve its users. For further information, please refer to the site's individual privacy policies which can found via the following links:https://en-gb.facebook.com/policy.php https://www.youtube.com/intl/en-GB/yt/about/policies/#community-guidelines https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=ZZ For more information on personalised and non-personalised ads, please visit:https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/9005435?hl=en For more information on how Google uses cookies in advertisinghttps://policies.google.com/technologies/ads How to remove consent for Personalised AdsUsers who have previously given consent for personalised advertising, can remove their consent via the 'Remove Consent' button displayed at the bottom of this page. Alternatively, users can access their browser settings to delete all cookies, this will remove consent and stop the loading of personalised ads. Opt-Out Provisions (Google Adsense)As stated above, users outside of the European Economic Area will receive both non-personalised and personalised advertisements via Google Adsense. You can opt out of receiving personalised advertisements through your Ad Settings in various browser. If you are using Google services, visit https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated and amend your ad preferences as follows: If you're signed into your Google Account:1. Go to Ads Settings2. Click the slider next to “Ads Personalisation”3. Click TURN OFFThis opt-out will work across all of your signed-in devices when Google recognise you as being signed-in. If you're signed out of your Google Account, or do not have a Google Account, and want to opt out of Ads Personalisation across the Web:1. Go to Ads Settings2. Click the slider next to “Ads Personalisation Across the Web”3. Click TURN OFF If you're signed out of your Google Account, or do not have a Google Account, and want to opt out of Ads Personalisation on Google Search:1. Go to Ads Settings2. Click the slider next to “Ads Personalisation on Google Search”3. Click TURN OFF For more information relating to opting out of personalised ads, please visit: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB