http://www.franksmithlaw.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Francis M. Smith, Esq., NJ Personal Injury Attorney
Learn your rights in plain English
908-233-5800
MEET MR SMITH
Firm Overview
Bio
Mountainside NJ Office
Concierge Legal Services
Client Testimonials
MOTOR VEHICLE ACCIDENTS
Commercial Vehicle & Truck Accidents
Special Laws for Commercial Vehicles
Rear-End Collisions
Truck Accidents
Rollover Accidents
Pedestrian Injuries
Motorcycle Accidents
Car Accidents
Bicycle Accidents
Motor Vehicle Accident Information Center
Most Common Causes
Car Accident Claims Compensation
Avoid Wrecking Car Insurance Claims
Uninsured & Underinsured Motorists
No Fault Car Insurance
Car Accident Checklist
Motor Vehicle FAQs
Motor Vehicle Blog Posts
SLIP & FALL/TRIP & FALL
Dangerous Ice and Snow
Accidents in Grocery Stores
Sidewalk Injuries
Dangerous Parking Lot Injuries
Apartment Building Accidents
Condominium Accidents
Injuries in Faulty Stairwells
Slip & Fall / Premises Liability
NJ Slip & Fall Info Center
Slip and Fall Accidents Overview
NJ Landowners Duty to Prevent Slip and Fall Accidents
NJ Slip and Fall Accidents on Snow or Ice
Common Causes of Slip and Fall Accidents
Liability of Retail Stores and Other Businesses
NJ Slip & Fall Accident FAQs
Slip & Fall Blog Posts
INJURY OVERVIEW
Ankle and Knee Injuries
Injuries to Children
Product Liability / Defective Products
Spine, Neck & Back Injuries
Spinal Injuries
Workplace Accidents
Herniated Discs
Injuries That Cause Disabilities
Joint Injuries
Traumatic Brain Injury
Dog Bites
Construction Accidents
Injury Blog Posts
SUCCESS STORIES & RESULTS
NJ Personal Injury Blog
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Car Accidents
Motorcycle Accident
Bicycle Accidents
NJ Auto Insurance
Slip and Fall
Negligence
Premises Liability
Sports Injuries
Injury Compensation
Injuries to Children
Brain Injury
Permanent Injury
Settlement Offer
Settlement Compensation
Evidence
CONTACT ME
Privacy Policy
The Francis M. Smith, Esq. law firm commits to the privacy of every client. We recognize that our clients entrust important personal information to us, and we take seriously our responsibility to protect and safeguard this information. Our long-standing privacy policies and practices are described below.
What Type of Nonpublic Personal Information Do We Collect?When you visit our Website, the only personally identifying information that is collected and stored about you is that information which you knowingly provide to us. We collect and store information about you when you ask us to respond to you with specific information.
What Type of Information Might We Disclose, and To Whom?The Francis M. Smith, Esq. law firm does not share, rent, or sell any information about visitors to our Web site to third parties.As attorneys, we adhere to our professional duty to keep confidential all nonpublic personal information relating to a client's representation. We do not disclose any personal information about any current or former client except as required or permitted by law or by the New Jersey Code of Professional Conduct.We may disclose personal information, if necessary to carry out, administer or enforce a transaction that our client has requested or authorized us to perform; in that connection, we may make such disclosures to:
Our employees or agents who are assisting us in serving our client
At our client's direction or with his or her consent, the client's financial service and health care providers, or the financial institution that our client has designated as trustee of a living trust
Any other person or entity to whom our client has authorized our making a disclosure, or to whom law or applicable rules of procedure require disclosure.
How Do We Protect the Security & Confidentiality of Client Information?Within our firm, we retain records relating to our professional services, accessible to our staff, to assist us in effectively representing you and, in some cases, to administer our business or to comply with professional standards. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards for your personal nonpublic information that comply with our professional standards. If you have further questions regarding the confidentiality of your personal information, please contact Francis M. Smith.
IF YOU VISIT OUR WEB SITE, WHICH INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND STORE THAT IS NOT PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING?
The name of the domain from which you accessed the Internet (such as: aol.com, msn.com, Comcast.net, etc.)
The date and time you access our site
The Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site.
Why? We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our Web site and various pages of our Website, which helps us to make our site more useful to visitors.
Contact Mr. Smith
The Law Office of Francis M. Smith, Esq.
928 Mountain Avenue Mountainside, NJ 07092
Phone: 908-233-5800Fax: 908-233-8488 E-Mail Us | Map & Directions
Home | Meet Mr Smith | Motor Vehicle Accidents | Slip & Fall/Trip & Fall | Injury Overview | Case Results | Privacy Policy | Contact
The Law Office of Francis M. Smith has successfully handled personal injury, auto accidents and other injury litigation cases in New Jersey in
Morris County Essex CountyHunterdon CountyMiddlesex County
Somerset CountySussex CountyUnion CountyWarren County
This web site, comments, links, e-mail responses, articles or other communications and information is not intended to be taken as legal advice for individual situations. The website is an legal services advertisement for only.
© 2018 by Francis M. Smith, Esq. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map