https://www.concordant.org/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
My Account
Please enter your name and email below to acess our audio downloads.
Name
Email
X
Concordant Publishing Concern, (CPC), its' website concordant.org, collects personal information in various ways.  The information can be broken down into two basic categories: personal information and non-personally identifiable information.  Personal information would be collected by request for literature or other services.  Non-personally identifiable information would be browser or device used to view our website, internet-related device information.
CPC reserves the right to disclose personal information, if requested by legals means such as police enforcement authorities.
CPC does not sell or otherwise distribute information to third parties except as previously described.
CPC may use submitted information to fill requests for , literature, as well as other follow-up information, promotional offers and requested services unless otherwise stated.
CPC uses non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site.  The information may be summarized into reports for the purposes of analyzing site usage. CPC may share non-personally identifiable information with prescreened third parties for optimization or marketing purposes.
CPC uses "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive.  This file is accessed, to determine previously established preferences. Cookies are not used to gain personal information that is not specifically supplied by the user.  The configuration of most browsers is initially set to accept cookies. Browsers can be set to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are sent. However, preventing the use of cookies may inhibit the designed functionality of the CPC website.
CPC may provide links to Third Party sites for the purpose of your viewing experience, for crediting sources, for providing access to needed browser plug-ins, or for other purposes. Third Party sites may have different privacy policies and processes for protecting collected information.
A user may remove himself from our email subscriptions at any time.  Simply contact us via standard mail or email.
Your use of concordant.org signifies your agreement to terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. CPC reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Questions or comments can be sent to email@concordant.org.
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. 512(i) of the United States Copyright Act.  Please report any violation to: legal@concordant.org
Featured Literature
The Soul and the Unseen
and The Gehenna of Fire
The true significance of the word “soul,” and a critical analysis of the various terms commonly mistranslated or otherwise associated with “hell.”
Download
Order Booklet
Copyright © 2020 Concordant Publishing Concern • All Rights Reserved    Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Website by Reedy Designs
Scroll Up