http://www.whitmanco.com/privacy-policy/
The following is a privacy policy created by us to inform those who may be concerned by how their personal information is utilized online. Personal information is info that can be used to confirm or identify, locate or contact an individual or person in context. The following privacy policy is to offer a comprehensive understanding of how we gather, protect, handle or otherwise use any information that you may pass onto ourselves in accordance with our website.
Do we gather personal info from those who visit our website, blog or app?
When you sign up for our email subscription, or use other sections of our website, you may be asked to provide an email address or other personal information to help with your experience.
When will we collect information?
We may collect some information when you sign up on our site, if you subscribe to our newsletter or if you complete a form or survey.
How is your information used?
The information that we collect on our site may be used for certain purposes and may include the following:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to provide specific content that is relevant to your interests.
To help us improve our website and its functionality.
To allow us to provide better customer service when appropriate.
To administer promotions, surveys and other site appropriate features.
How do we protect our visitor’s information?
We take the security of our website and your personal information extremely seriously and we conduct regular security checks on our website to make sure there are no vulnerabilities. We use security methods such as malware scanning and we do use an SSL certificate.
Are “cookies” used?
We do use cookies on our website. These are small files that some sites and providers use to transfer services from a computer hard drive to a web browser if you allow it. This enables a site or provider to recognize a browser and capture and retain certain segments of information. Cookies are also used by us to help understand your preferences when you visit our site.
What are cookies used for?
We use cookies to save your preferences for future site visits.
To gather data about site traffic and site usage to offer better tools and experiences in the future. Third party services may also be used to track certain amounts of data on our behalf.
You can have your device setup to inform you of each time we plan to use cookies or you can turn off all cookies. This can be done through your browser settings or by using the help menu to learn how to alter these settings. If you switch cookies off then some features may be disabled. It will not directly affect your experience in terms of the way the site functions.
3rd Party Disclosure
We don’t trade, sell or transfer data to other parties unless you are provided with advanced notice. While this is the case for most third parties, website hosting and other operational partners are not included. We will share with these parties only on the basis that your data and information is kept secure at all times.
We may also release information if it is appropriate in terms of complying with the law or to protect or enforce specific policies or to protect other’s rights, safety or property. Some non-personal info may be provided to 3rd parties for advertising or marketing purposes.
3rd Party Links
Sometimes are out discretion there may be 3rd party services and (or) products offered on our website related to other brands. These parties may have their own policies in terms of privacy and therefore are not liable by us. However, we will seek to protect the integrity of the site and will welcome any feedback on these potential activities.
Google
Google has plenty of advertising protocols and requirements that are summed up in Google’s advertising policies. They are present to try and provide a beneficial experience for users. Google is a third party vendor and may use cookies to offer adverts on our site. Google has its own policy on this and we would recommend reading it for more info. Users will be able to opt out by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
You can expect the following on our website:
Users have the option of visiting our site anonymously.
Once our privacy policy is implemented, we will link it on our homepage or as one of the first significant pages after entering our site.
The privacy policy includes the term “privacy” and can be found on the page we have mentioned above. Furthermore, site visitors will be notified of any changes to the policy and you can change any personal information by phoning or emailing us.
How are do not track signals handled?
We do honor these and we will not track plant cookies or advertising functions when a DNT browser platform is present.
Do we allow third party tracking?
We do not allow third party behavioural tracking.
We don’t promote to children under 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
These principles are outlined and how they should be implemented in terms of complying with various policies that involve privacy to protect personal info.
In order to comply:
We will notify via email within 7 business days.
We will notify via site notification within 7 business days.
Can-Spam Act
This law and legal obligation that outlines rules for financial purposes such as email and gives consumers the choice to have themselves removed from these mailing lists.
If at any time you would like to be removed from our mailing list then email us to have this completed. If you have any questions regarding this then feel free to contact us.
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
7 Pleasant Hill Road
Cranbury, NJ 08512 732 390 5858 732 390 9496
info@whitmanco.com
ADDITIONAL LOCATIONS 2231 Walbert Avenue
Allentown, PA 18104
(484) 274-6863
USEFUL LINKS Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
CONNECT
Copyright All Rights Reserved ©