http://www.ismaililove.com/terms
;
Terms of Service/Privacy Statement
Introduction
This website (Ismaililove)(the “Site”) is operated by Azina Enterprises LLC. The terms and conditions below apply to all users of this website. By using this website and accessing its pages, you agree to these terms and conditions.
For the purposes of these Terms, “you” means you, the person using the Site, and, if applicable, the person that agrees to the Terms when accessing and using the Site.
You and any persons that you authorize to use the Site and/or Service may be referred to in these Terms as the “User.”
Azina Enterprises LLC may modify the terms of use at any time without notice and you will be bound by all such modifications whether or not you have notice thereof. You agree to review the posting of these Terms to be aware of such changes.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated in these Terms or on the Site, Azina Enterprises LLC is the owner of all copyright and database rights in the Service and its contents.
You may not publish, distribute, extract, reuse or reproduce any such content in any material form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means) other than in accordance with these Terms.
Content
You may place content on the Site only in accordance with the following limitations.
You may NOT store any of the following material on the Site or obtain any such material using the Site:
(a) Any threatening, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law;
(b) Any material that could infringe rights of privacy, publicity or copyrights without the permission of the owner of these rights and the persons whose likenesses are displayed in the material; or
Azina Enterprises LLC does not and cannot review all material on the Site, and is not responsible for its content, Azina Enterprises LLC reserves the right to remove, delete, move, or edit Content that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of the law, including but not limited to copyright or trademark law, or otherwise unacceptable.
Azina Enterprises LLC will not be liable for the Content of any submission.
You agree to indemnify and hold Azina Enterprises LLC harmless for any violation of this provision.
Disclosure of user data
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Azina Enterprises LLC may access, preserve, and disclose your information if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Azina Enterprises LLC, its users and the public.
Access
Azina Enterprises LLC grants you a personal, limited, revocable, non-exclusive and non-transferable right to access and use the Site and Service for your personal, non-commercial use. As between you and us, we expressly retains all ownership rights, title and interest in and to all aspects of the Service and the Site, including, but not limited to, all Materials, and all current and future patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and other proprietary rights included or embodied in the Site. You may not modify the Site, create derivative works of the Site or Materials, or reverse engineer, reverse compile, reverse assemble or do any other operation with the Site that would reveal any source code, trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. These rights shall not be construed or interpreted as granting or providing rights to you to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, perform, display, possess or control the any data, content, source code or any other aspect of the Site.
You may not remove or modify any notice of confidentiality, trade secret, trademark or copyright encoded or embodied in the Site or displayed by, on, or in the Site.
You may use the Site and Materials only while these Terms remain in effect.
Under no circumstances shall you have any rights of any kind in or to the Site or Materials after any termination or expiration of your agreement to these Terms for any reason.
Restrictions
By using the Site you agree that will not use any of the Materials to compete against us in any way. No competitors or future competitors are permitted access to the Site or Materials, and any such access by third parties is unauthorized. You agree that you will not copy, record, publish, compile, reproduce, republish, use or resell for any competing commercial purpose any Materials on our Site and you agree to not use any device, software or routine that may extract, copy, modify, import, export, replicate, scrape or otherwise deliver, in any manner, the Materials to you or anyone else. If you do so, then you agree that we are suffering irreparable injury and that an injunction or temporary restraining order may be entered by any court sitting in the state where our business is located prohibiting the use of such information and requiring. In addition, you agree to pay all reasonable attorney’s fees and costs incurred in enforcing these provisions.
Contract
In consideration of your use of the Service, you represent and certify that you are of legal age to form a binding contract. You also agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by this site's registration form. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your use of the Site (or any portion thereof). To be a User of the Service you must be 18 or older.
Termination of Access
Azina Enterprises LLC reserves the right to suspend or terminate your use of the Site, at any time, without notice, for any reason, including but not limited to (a) breach of these Terms, including policies or guidelines set forth by Azina Enterprises LLC elsewhere; and (b) conduct that Azina Enterprises LLC believes is harmful to other users of the Service or the business of Azina Enterprises LLC or other third party information providers (including slowing down the servers and affecting other users.
Further, you agree that Azina Enterprises LLC shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Site.
Azina Enterprises LLC reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Azina Enterprises LLC shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
User Safety
It is the users responsibility to take caution while communicating to individuals. Azina Enterprises LLC does not perform criminal background checks on users who join the site. Azina Enterprises LLC is not liable for any damage or loss to the user that may come from communicating and meeting other users on the site. Azina Enterprises LLC also cannot guarantee the accuracy of information that users enter on their profiles. You represent that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any government
and have never been convicted of a felony.
Please be aware that users are able to see certain personal information about you on this site, and this
information can be used to locate you via searches on the internet. If you feel a user is harassing you, you may block them or report it to support@ismaililove.com
Privacy
Azina Enterprises LLC will do its best to ensure member information privacy and confidentiality, but does not guarantee that any personal information will not become public under unforeseeable circumstances. We try to do our best to protect user data but no security measure is perfect, you agree that you are aware of this and that Azina Enterprises LLC will not be held liable for any data that may be exposed
due to security breaches.
If you are located outside of the United States, your use of this Site is at your own risk and initiative and you, not us, are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws.
Information we collect
We collect personally identifiable information such as your email, residential address, zip code, birth date and other information. We collect and store your information on our servers. We also make use of cookies and other technologies to store and exchange information.
We do not share or sell your information with third party website, however we may use certain information to identify you within our analytics data and third party analytic software/websites. We may also collect identifying information about you through a log of all traffic on our web site and aggregate that information into site functionality data.
Our purpose for collecting the information is to analyze the use of our web site and improve its format and functionality. We do not currently use any personally identifiable information for any purpose other than those we have described here and in our Privacy Policy.
Viewing and/or changing your information
You are able to view and change your information by logging into your account and accessing it under settings.
Availability
Azina Enterprises LLC uses reasonable effort to make the Service available.
However, there will be occasions when the Service will be interrupted for maintenance, upgrades and emergency repairs or due to failure of telecommunications links and equipment that are beyond the control of Azina Enterprises LLC.
Azina Enterprises LLC will use reasonable commercial efforts to minimize such disruption where it is within the reasonable control of Azina Enterprises LLC.
You agree that Azina Enterprises LLC shall not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Disclaimer of Warranty
The service available through the site are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and without warranties of any kind either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
In particular, Azina Enterprises LLC makes no warranty that the site or the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free, that the site or our servers are free of viruses or other harmful components, that the site, including the service will be available, or that data are secure from unauthorized access.
Azina Enterprises LLC makes no warranty regarding the service offered on the site.
No advice or information given by Azina Enterprises LLC, its employees or affiliates shall create a warranty.
In addition, Azina Enterprises LLC does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via the site is accurate, complete or current or will meet your requirements or expectations.
Conduct
The following Rules of Conduct apply to the Site.
By using any of the Site, you agree that you will not distribute any Content that:
is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or an invasion of a right of privacy of another person; is bigoted, hateful, or racially or otherwise offensive; is violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit; or otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm any person or entity;
is illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them, including a submission that is, or represents an attempt to engage in, child pornography, stalking, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene or stolen material, drug dealing and/or drug abuse, harassment, theft, or conspiracy to commit any criminal activity;
infringes or violates any right of a third party including: (i) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or contractual rights; (ii) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person’s personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; or (iii) any confidentiality obligation;
is commercial, business-related or advertises or offers to sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicits others (including solicitations for contributions or donations);
contains a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or damages the Site or any connected network, or otherwise interferes with any person or entity’s use or enjoyment of the Site;
does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the Site;
is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including “flaming,” “spamming,” “flooding,” “trolling,” and “griefing” as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet.
You expressly agree that you are solely responsible for any and all acts and omissions related to your use of the Site and the Service, and you agree not to engage in any unacceptable uses of the Service, which include, without limitation, use of the Service to:
register for the Site and the Service if you have not acknowledged reading and agreed to abide by these Terms and the Privacy Policy;
interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to other accounts on the Site or any other computer network;
use the Site or the Service in connection with any commercial endeavors;
post your personal information such as instant messaging addresses, personal URLs, physical addresses and phone numbers in any publicly viewable areas of the Site;
post or give out any financial information or transmit electronically or physically any money to other Users;
create user accounts by automated means or under fraudulent or false pretenses;
create or transmit unsolicited electronic communications such as spam to Users or promote any products or services;
submit or upload any type of material that is unlawful, harmful, hateful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, offensive, obscene, pornographic, lewd, lascivious, or otherwise objectionable, as determined by Azina Enterprises LLC;
submit or upload any content for which you do not own all applicable rights or that infringes the proprietary rights of other parties;
submit, engage in or upload any type of competitions or content that can cause physical or mental harm to the participants or visitors to the Site;
harass, threaten or intentionally embarrass or cause harm or distress to another person or group;
collect and publish any information about any of our Users;
adapt, modify or reverse engineer any portion of the Service or the Site;
use any spider, robot, retrieval application, or any other device to retrieve any portion of the Site;
reformat any of the pages that are part of the Site;
disseminate, store or transmit viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other malicious code or program;
encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal or civil offense;
violate any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation;
submit false or misleading information to the Site
engage in any other activity deemed by Azina Enterprises LLC to be in conflict with the spirit of these Terms and the Privacy Policy.
Arbitration
These Terms of Use provide that all disputes between you and Azina Enterprises LLC will be resolved by BINDING ARBITRATION administered by the American Arbitration Association. YOU AGREE TO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend your rights under this contract (except for matters that may be taken to small claims court). Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury and your claims cannot be brought as a class action.
Limitation of Liability
You acknowledge, by your use of any of the site or service, that your use of the site or service and any reliance upon either is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with your use of the site or service.
You agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances shall Azina Enterprises LLC be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, even if Azina Enterprises LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages, that result from the use or the inability to use the site or the service, from any changes to the site or the service or from unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or content.
You specifically acknowledge that downtime and computer viruses are risks inherent in the use of the internet and software products, and (b) Azina Enterprises LLC is not responsible for any harm or damages that may arise from your use of the site or services. You agree to assume responsibility for any harm or damages of any kind or character whatsoever resulting from these possible harms.
You also specifically acknowledge that you may be disclosing sensitive, private and confidential information about yourself in your use of the site and the service and you agree to assume responsibility for any harm or damages of any kind or character whatsoever resulting from your release of such content.
If you are dissatisfied with the site or the service or with any of these terms, or feel Azina Enterprises LLC has breached these terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site and the service.
The total liability of Azina Enterprises LLC to you for any claim arising from or relating to these terms or use of the site or the service shall not exceed the amount paid by you for the service.
These disclaimers and limitations do not limit liability that cannot be excluded under the law.
Age limitation
You must be 18 years of older to use this website.
Communication
You agree to receive email notifications, wink notifications and message notifications, weekly matches, as well as other emails that may relate to the site. You may opt out at anytime by logging into your account and changing your notification preferences.
Membership
At the time of writing, IsmailiLove is a free service. Azina Enterprises LLC reserves the right to switch it to a paid service at anytime, and certain free features might become paid features in the
Deactivating your profile
Users can deactivate their profile by managing their account after logging in.
Complaints and disputes
Complaints and disputes can be resolved by emailing support at support@ismaililove.com
Contact
You may contact Azina Enterprises LLC via email anytime at support@ismaililove.com