http://www.internews.org/internews-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
User account menu
Donate
Careers
Contact
Search
Internews Privacy Policy
Internews Privacy Policy
Last updated May 15th, 2019
Our Commitment to Privacy
Internews is committed to protecting the privacy of all people we interact with; including but not limited to: website visitors, program participants, donors, employees, interns, volunteers and consultants. This notice describes our privacy policy. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us HERE
These individuals have the right to know the types of information Internews collect and stores, why it is collected, and how it is protected and used.  individuals have the right to know the circumstances under which their data may be deleted or disclosed, as well as the right to consent to the use of this data. Internews will never sell, rent, share, or distribute personal information without permission unless compelled by law.
This Privacy Policy is posted on the Internews main website, donations page, email list sign-up page, and employment opportunity announcements page.
When you provide Internews with personal information, you are trusting us with that data. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our sites and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website, job application portal, and/or any related services, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the “Sites”).
The Information Internews Collects
Personal Information
This notice applies to all personal data collected or submitted to INTERNEWS. Personal data is data that can be used to identify a living individual. Identification can be from the information alone or in conjunction with any other data in INTERNEWS’ possession. INTERNEWS seeks to ensure that the personal data processed or controlled by the organization is treated securely and in a manner that complies with all applicable laws and regulations including, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
INTERNEWS collects only the personally identifiable data that is voluntarily provided (other than information automatically collected noted below) to Internews and is necessary for specific business purposes. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make and the features you use. This data is kept up to date, stored securely, and protected from loss, misuse and unauthorized disclosure through the use of appropriate technical measures. User personal data is retained only for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was obtained and in accordance with INTERNEWS’s data retention policy.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate.  You must notify us of any changes to such personal information if you wish it to remain up to date in our records.
When Your Data Is Collected and How It Is Used:
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (“Business Purposes”), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you (“Contractual”), with your consent (“Consent”), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations (“Legal Reasons”).
WHEN IS YOUR DATA COLLECTED?
Registers to Attend an Event or Participate in an Internews Program.  We may collect name, email address, telephone number, Gender, geographic local, and place of employment if these data are applicable to the metrics of the event.
We use this information to invite individuals to events or to participate in programs and to provide information related to upcoming events and programs.
We may use this information to provide valuable metrics back to our funders about event participation and project objectives.
Participates in Person at an Event or Internews Program
Internews may collect photographic images and video footage of Internews events and programs that may contain participants personal data (including image, name, region and affiliation.)
This data may be used to illustrate Internews’ work to donors, as case studies or to promote related Internews events.
Applies for a position with Internews or Asks to be Notified of Employment Openings.
Applicants for positions at Internews, as well as individuals who ask to be notified of openings or wish to be included in Internews’ consultant database, will be required to upload CVs and may be required to update their information in the future. The personal information included on these CVs will be collected and stored by Internews.
Internews uses this information to either notify individuals for suitable vacancies or to consider applications for an existing vacancy.
Engages in a contractual agreement with Internews in the forms of employment, consultant, volunteer, board member, vendor or other.  Collectively Internews refers to these types if individuals as Internews Representatives.  Data collected and stored about Internews representatives may include more sensitive data such as national ID, Date of Birthday, Emergency contacts, phone numbers, email addresses, mailing and physical addresses, gender, employment history, medical certifications, and any other information required to process payroll, insurances, security services, and other employee related processes.
Makes a Donation to Internews or Purchases a Ticket to an Internews Event
Internews collects credit card information, including the name, address and email address of the cardholder, the card number, expiration date and security code, should an individual choose to provide this information in order to make a donation to Internews or to purchase tickets to an Internews event.
Internews uses this information to process the payment and to send the purchaser or donor receipt of the transaction as well as information necessary for tax purposes.
Visit Internews Website.
Information automatically collected
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies
Technical data that does not identify a specific person, such as browser type, geolocation, length and time of visits, is collected for analysis of traffic patterns. Internews will not associate any data gathered from its website for analytics with any personally identifying information from any source, unless users explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Personal Information: Users can visit the site without revealing any personal information about themselves. If you choose to use a contact form, your name, email address and message will be sent to the intended recipient but not stored in our database. If you choose to use a newsletter sign-up or donate form, Internews will collect your name and email as well as other information that is voluntarily entered and this information will be stored in a database. Information submitted through forms may be stored as long as necessary for processing requests related to the form.
Recaptcha by Google.  This service by Google validates the “humanity” of users to avoid spam and intrusion attacks by bots.  Internews uses Recaptcha on its web sign-up form. All interactions with Recaptcha are subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Web Analytics: Through Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager, Internews collects detailed logs about all traffic to our website, including the timing of requests, URLs requested, IP addresses, user agents and geolocation data. These logs are used by firewall systems as well as manual analysis to block malicious and misbehaving agents and IPs for security and performance purposes, and to analyze traffic and audience behavior. System logs are not accessible to agents outside Internews, except for specific verified consultants on a temporary basis
Internews uses cookies to collect information about how you use the Internews websites. Cookies are small data files that gather information about your use of the Internews site. Cookies help Internews improve its website and its service to you. Cookies are used for various services, including data collection, content delivery, registration, and personalization. Internews reserves the right to read and create user and contributor cookies. Internews’ integration of Google Analytics and Tag Manager employs cookies to record anonymized data about user behavior on our site.
Information collected on Internews websites is never used for commercial purposes.
Sharing Personal Data
Internews treats personal data in a confidential manner and only shares it within Internews with those individuals necessary for the delivery of services or activities to the person who provided the information. Internews does not voluntarily share personal data provided to the organization with any third-party institution without the specific consent of the data subject unless obligated to do so by U.S. or other applicable law or federal regulation, or unless a third party secure system is used for an Internews Critical business function.
Data in Third Party Services: Internews uses or links to the following third-party services for critical business processes. that may collect and/or store personal data on Internews behalf. Any information collected by these third-party services is subject to the terms and policies of those third parties. Internews is not responsible for any third-party terms or policies. The list of systems below is not exhaustive of all locations where Internews stores personal data.  However, this list represents the systems which are used routinely for the processing of personal data outside of Internews managed infrastructure.
Salesforce – is used to collect and stores data for the Internews mailing list, donations, and Business Development Tracking – Salesforce Privacy Policy.
Google Tag Manager – collects and stores data about web site visits – Google Tag Manager Privacy Policy.
MyEmma – stores names and email addresses for the Internews mailing list – MyEmma Privacy Policy.
Abila – processes donations from visitors donating to Internews online in US dollars – Abila Privacy Policy.
Charity Checkout – processes donations from visitors donating to Internews online in Euros or Great British Pounds (GBP) – Charity Checkout Privacy Policy.
Taleo – Internews employment application portal; processes and collects information from Internews job applicants – Taleo Privacy Policy.
Social media - Your decision to use a social sharing tool in connection with Internews, such as clicking on a link to “share” a story from our web site, is voluntary. Your consent and data use will be effectively covered by the terms and conditions and privacy notices of each of these software tools.
FMP Payroll Bureau.  FMP Global provides Internews Europe with payroll services, and therefore holds personal data for legitimate business purposes.  FMP - GDPR Compliance Policy
Your Individual Rights
You have the Right to review and update information Internews has on file about you. Contact us here to make a request relate to your personal data.  Please be prepared to provide complete contact details.  We will need to verify your identity before fulfilling any and all data requests.
Cookies and similar technologies:  Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send. You will then be removed from the marketing email list.
If Internews wishes to use personal data provided to the organization for a new purpose other than that for which the data was originally provided or for purposes not covered under this Data Privacy Policy, Internews will provide individuals with a new notice explaining the new use and setting forth the relevant processing conditions. Individuals have the right to withdraw consent to Internews’s processing of their personal data at any time.
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information contact us here.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. We may update this privacy policy at any time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Contact Form
To exercise all relevant rights, make queries or lodge complaints related to this policy please reach out through the Internews Data Privacy Request Form
Open
Flyout secondary
Donate
Careers
Contact
Search
Main navigation
COVID-19
Our Impact
Our Work
Our Strategy
About
Registered offices
Arcata, CA
Washington, DC
London, UK
Paris, France