https://www.sar.org/digital-policies/
Website Policy
PRIVACY & TERMS
Introduction
The National Society of the Sons of the American Revolution (NSSAR) values its visitors’ privacy.  This privacy policy is effective January 1, 2020; it summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will not do with it. Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that NSSAR does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by NSSAR. If you visit a Web site that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.
It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services. “Personally identifiable information” means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as, for example:
your name, company, email address, phone number, billing address, and shipping address
your NSSAR user ID and password
any account-preference information you provide us
your computer’s domain name and IP address, indicating
where your computer is located on the Internet
session data for your login session, so that our computer can ‘talk’ to yours while you are logged in
If you do provide personally identifiable information to us, either directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we reserve the right to treat the information as property of the NSSAR. All information technology assets of the NSSAR are protected in a legal and reasonable manner.
Other information we collect
We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such as (for example) the domain name and IP address of your computer. We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of our Web site(s); research and development; customer and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing efforts more precisely.
Cookies
NSSAR uses “cookies” to store personal data on your computer. We may also link information stored on your computer in cookies with personal data about specific individuals stored on our servers. If you set up your Web browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Firefox) so that cookies are not allowed, you might not be able to use some or all of the features of our Web site(s).
External data storage sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Your privacy responsibilities
To help protect your privacy, be sure:
not to share your user ID or password with anyone else;
to log off the NSSAR Web site when you are finished;
to take customary precautions to guard against “malware” (viruses, Trojan horses, bots, etc.), for example by installing and updating suitable anti-virus software.
Notice to European Union users
NSSAR‘s operations are located primarily in the United States. If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.
Information collected from children
You must be at least 13 years old to use NSSAR‘s Web site(s) and service(s). NSSAR does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. (See the [U.S.] Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.)
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary or appropriate because of legal compliance requirements or changes in our business practices. No notification will be given when this occurs.
Questions or comments?
If you have questions or comments about NSSAR’s privacy policy, send an email to support@sar.org, or contact us via any of the ways described on this website. Thank you for choosing the National Society of the Sons of the American Revolution!
Terms of Service
Welcome to the SAR website (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by The National Society Sons of the American Revolution (NSSAR), (“SAR.org”). NSSAR maintains the Site as a service to its visitors, subject to the following terms and conditions concerning the use of the Site (“Terms of Use”). When you use the Site, you accept the Terms of Use; if you do not agree to the Terms of Use you may not use the Site. NSSAR reserves the right to modify content on the Site and these Terms of Use periodically without prior notice.
Use of Content on the Site
You may view, download, and print contents from the Site subject to the following conditions: (a) the content may be used solely for information purposes; and (b) the content may not be modified or altered in any way. You may not republish, distribute, prepare derivative works, or otherwise use the content other than as explicitly permitted herein.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of SAR.org without the express written consent of the NSSAR. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing sar.org’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of the NSSAR. You may not use any of the NSSAR logos or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
You may not republish any RSS feed or other content of SAR.org beyond US Copyright “Fair Use” without the express written permission of the NSSAR. You do not acquire any ownership rights to any content in the Site.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, and Other Content
You may submit comments and provide other content so long as the content is not obscene, illegal, threatening, or defamatory and so long as the content does not invade the privacy or infringe the intellectual property of a third party. Further, such content may not contain software viruses, mass mailings, chain letters, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of the information.
By submitting information, you grant the NSSAR a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to reproduce, use, modify, publish, adapt, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. By submitting information, you also represent and warrant that that the content is accurate; you own or have permission to use the content that you submit; and that use of the content will not cause injury to any person or entity.
Products and Services Offered on the Site
NSSAR offers products and services on the Site. When you enroll to obtain a product or service from our Site, you accept the specific agreement applicable to that product or service. Your use of any such product or service offered on the Site is governed by the terms and conditions in the agreement for that product or service.  Except as provided in that agreement, Sar.org does not warrant that any product descriptions or content contained in this website is accurate, current, reliable, complete, or error-free.
Copyright Information
The Site and the content within the Site are the property of SAR.org or its suppliers and are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. The compilation, organization and display of the content used on and in connection with this Site are the exclusive property of SAR.org. SAR.org reserves all rights in the Site and its content not specifically granted in any agreements with SAR.org or in the Terms of Use.
Copyright Complaints
The NSSAR and SAR.org respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedures for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement below.
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
If you believe that you hold a claim of copyright infringement against SAR.org, submit notice of your claim to the following: support@sar.org. To be effective, the notification of your claim of copyright infringement should be written and should include the following:
A statement that you are the owner of the exclusive right you claim has been infringed, or a statement that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that has allegedly been infringed.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate.
Your signature. (The signature may be electronic.)
The identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed. (If you claim that multiple copyrighted works have been infringed you can submit one notification with a list of the allegedly infringed works.)
Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit SAR.org to locate the material (a URL).
Information reasonably sufficient to permit SAR.org to contact you, including your address, telephone number, fax number and, if available, an electronic mail address. You can provide contact information for the owner of the exclusive right that you claim has been infringed if you are not the owner, but rather authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
A statement you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
SAR.org will respond to any DMCA complaints in a timely manner. Should you be the copyright holder of a specific piece of content featured on this site without your permission, SAR.org will remove it in a timely manner once notified.
Privacy Statements
Because we respect your right to privacy, we have developed a Privacy Policy to inform you about our privacy practices. Please view the Privacy Policy above to learn more about our privacy guidelines.
Third Party Web Sites and Information
The Site may provide hyperlinks to third party websites or access to third party content. SAR.org does not control, endorse, or guarantee content found in such sites. You agree that SAR.org is not responsible for any content, associated links, resources, or services associated with a third party site. You further agree that SAR.org shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort associated with your use of third party content. Links and access to these sites are provided for your convenience only.
Surveys
SAR.org may, from time to time, conduct voluntary surveys of visitors to the site to obtain aggregate demographic information about them. Should such a survey be considered desirable, appropriate requested permission will be given limited to the use intended and no personal details will be traceable or associated with specific individuals.
Disclaimer
Except as expressly stated in an agreement between you and sar.org, all content, services, products and software provided on this web site are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. SAR.org and its suppliers and licensors disclaim all warranties, express or implied including, without limitation, those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. You are solely responsible for the appropriateness of the site, its content, and the products and services offered by SAR.org on the site for your intended application and use. Sar.org does not warrant that the site, its content, or the products and services it offers on the site meet your requirements. Subject to the terms of any agreement between you and SAR.org, SAR.org, its suppliers and licensors shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages, even if SAR.org, its suppliers or licensors have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the NSSAR, SAR.org, employees, attorneys, and agents (“Indemnitees”) against all claims, expenses, liabilities, losses, costs, and damages, including reasonable attorney’s fees, that the Indemnitees may incur (i) in connection with your use of the Site or any hyperlinked web site or (ii) resulting from content you supply.
Applicable Laws
All matters relating to access and use SAR’s website, including any society owned derivatives thereof shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and any applicable Federal statutes. In the event of a claim being brought in connection with the website:
Voluntary mediation will be encouraged by the Society to the claimant as a cost saving measure for both parties.
Should state court litigation be initiated, the required venue shall be Jefferson County, Kentucky.
Should Federal litigation be initiated, venue shall be in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Kentucky in Louisville, Kentucky.
If there is a determination that any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid or unenforceable, that determination will not affect the rest of the Terms of Use and the Terms of Use shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to make them valid and enforceable.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use, please contact us at support@sar.org
Social Media/Forum Rules
Registration to the SAR.org forum is free for SAR members who are current on their dues. The NSSAR expects that forum posters abide by the rules and policies detailed herein.
Although the administrators and moderators of SAR.org’s forums attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and the NSSAR will not be held responsible for the content of any message.
SAR.org reserves the right to ban, suspend or delete the accounts of any members if deemed necessary due to member conduct without warning. SAR.org reserves the right to edit / delete any content that is deemed inappropriate.
Home
About
Events
SAR Digital Policies
©
2020 National Society of the Sons of the American Revolution.