http://www.feldhyde.com/privacy-policy/
Our Firm
Who We Are
What We Do
Wills & Trusts
Asset Protection Planning
Business Succession Planning
Charitable Planning & Tax-exempt Organizations
Elder Law
Estate & Gift Tax Audit
Estate Planning
Guardianships & Conservatorships
Mediation
Prenuptial & Postnuptial Agreements
Probate, Estate & Trust Administration
Special Needs Planning
Tax Planning
Trust Modifications & Terminations
Will Contest & Estate/Trust Litigation
Probate
Estate & Gift Tax Audit
Guardianships & Conservatorships
Mediation
Probate, Estate & Trust Administration
Trust Modifications & Terminations
Will Contest & Estate/Trust Litigation
Tax & Business Planning
Asset Protection Planning
Business Succession Planning
Buyer/Seller Representation
Corporate Finance
Estate & Gift Tax Audit
Executive Compensation & Employee Benefits
Federal, State & Local Tax Planning
Healthcare & Physician Groups
Mergers & Acquisitions
Minority & Disadvantaged Business Certifications
Nonprofit Organizations
Real Estate Transactions & Financing
Section 1031 “Like-Kind Exchanges
Zoning & Land Use Issues
Litigation
Business Litigation
Contested Guardianships & Conservatorships
Corporate & Business Law
Mediation
Probate & Trust Disputes
Representation of Trustees, Executors & Beneficiaries
Will Contest & Estate/Trust Litigation
Family Law
Adoptions
Custody
Divorce
Domestic Litigation
Mediation
Prenuptial & Postnuptial Agreements
Healthcare
Blog
News
Become A Client
Questionaires & Forms
205-536-8888·info@dfhlaw.com ·Mon - Fri 8:00-5:00 CSTContact Us
Privacy Policy Dominick Feld Hyde P.C. (the “Firm,” “we” or “us”) does not collect personal information from you except in the following instances: Information your computer, e-mail software, or web browser software may provide to the Firm’s computer servers or those of our host and service providers on our behalf, such as your IP address, your ISP, your domain name, and the type and version of the web browser software you are using; information you provide to us in e-mail messages and other communications; and information you provide to us in a form submitted through our website or through our service providers. We may use temporary, session-specific cookies to track site traffic. Cookies do not reveal or contain any identifying or personal data, cannot read any information on your computer, and cannot interact with other cookies on your hard drive. Cookies stay on the user’s hard drive to identify site visits and whether the user is a returning visitor.  Any personal information you submit to us will only be used for the apparent purpose in which it was submitted or to communicate with you.  Browsing and interacting with a website over the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, and the Firm is not responsible for third-party interception of any of your activity connected with the Firm’s public site.   Our site may contain links to external sites for your convenience. We do not endorse these sites and are not responsible for the content, accuracy or privacy practices of such sites.  We may change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Non-Public Personal Information:
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those Dominick Feld Hyde, PC, employees and vendors or others, who are subject to our policies and attorney-client privilege, whom we determine have a legitimate law firm need to access such information. We maintain security procedures that are designed to protect our client data. We also educate our employees about the importance and meaning of, and necessity for, data security and confidentiality.
Sending Information Does Not Form an Attorney-Client Relationship
Transmission of information from this site does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and the Firm, nor is it intended to do so. The transmission or publication of the site, in part or in whole, and/or any communication with us using Internet e-mail through this site or otherwise does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship between us and any recipients.  If you have not already established an attorney-client relationship with our firm or any of the attorneys, please do not send detailed or confidential information in an e-mail. An attorney-client relationship is established only after you agree to hire us as your attorney and we agree to accept you as a client through a written engagement.
Legal Disclaimer
Alabama Rules of Professional Conduct require that the following language accompany any communication concerning a lawyer’s services: “No representation is made that the quality of the legal services to be performed is greater than the quality of legal services to be performed by other lawyers.”
Principal Office and Responsible Attorney Designation
To the extent the State Bar Rules in your jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office and/or a single attorney responsible for this web site, we designate our office in Birmingham, Alabama, as our principal office and designate Kay Wilburn as the attorney responsible for this web site.
We appreciate hearing from you. Please understand that any communications with us by email or through this website do not create an attorney-client relationship with us. Under no circumstances should you send confidential information to us without first speaking with a firm attorney about establishing an attorney-client relationship. Unless you are already a client, we may not be able to treat the information that you provide as privileged, confidential or protected, and we may be able to represent a party adverse to you using information that you have provided. Additionally, communication with the firm by email over the internet may not be secure.
By clicking continue below, you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to this notice.
Continue
CLOSE