http://www.towercare.com/terms-of-service
NEW! - #GivingTuesday eGuide 2020
Download Now
Sign in
Support
|
Sales: 866-619-8635
Smart Engagement
Products
Nonprofit CRM & complete online engagement platform for all of your communications, fundraising and advocacy needs
Donor Management
Direct Mail Fundraising
Marketing Automation
Online Fundraising
Peer to Peer Fundraising
Online Event Registration
Multi-Channel Advocacy
Learn More
Our complete nonprofit engagement system without the CRM
Marketing Automation
Online Fundraising
Peer to Peer Fundraising
Online Event Fundraising
Multi-Channel Advocacy
Learn More
Our complete nonprofit engagement system tightly integrated with Salesforce
Includes all Salsa Engage features
Bi-directional integration with Salesforce
Configurable integration options
Utilizing standard Salesforce objects
Smart contact matching
Learn More
Fundraising Software Overview
Supercharge your fundraising growth.
Advocacy Software Overview
Winning campaigns start here.
*NEW* Salsa Engage for Salesforce
The power of Engage with direct integration to Salesforce.
Solutions
Solutions for Your Cause
Animal/Wildlife
Arts/Cultural
Community Improvement
Education
Environmental
Faith Based
Food/Agriculture
Health/Medical
Housing/Shelter
Human Services
Social Justice
Youth Development
Solutions for Your Team
Advocacy/Policy
Development/Fundraising
Executive/Board
Marketing/Communications
Not sure which solution is right for you?Click Here
Resources
Video Library
Watch recorded webinars, quick tips, product feature videos & tutorials.
Case Studies
See the success that our clients have had with Salsa. #SalsaSuccess
Best Practices
Recorded webinars, video tips, product videos and tutorials.
Consultants & Digital Agencies
Check out our partner list and see what services they offer.
Product Integrations
Salsa integrates with many software packages. See the full list here.
Upcoming Events & Webinars
See a full list of our upcoming live webinars & Salsa conferences.
Blog
Request Pricing
Get a Demo
Blog
Video Library
Get a Demo
Request Pricing
Contact: 866.619.8635
Fundraising Software
Nonprofit Development and Fundraising Professionals
Rated Excellent or Good in all 19 Categories - NTEN + Idealware Guide to Fundraising Software Systems
Rated 4.5/5 based on 78 customer reviews
Fundraising Software
Salsa Engage, Salsa CRM
Salsa Labs
Salsa is the best software for the money. Lots of tools (Email, Events, P2P, Social Media, etc.) Great options for communicating to donors and receiving donations. A lot of customization for marketing and accounting.
Derek Belisle
Fundraising Software Review
5 / 5
DEMO
PRICING
WHY SALSA
Fundraising Software for Nonprofits
Supercharge fundraising growth with ourintuitive & easy to use tools:
Donor Management
Digital Marketing
Online Fundraising
Online Advocacy
Peer to Peer Fundraising
Explore Features
Get a Demo
Get a Demo
Get a Personalized Demo!
How Fundraising Software Can Improve Donor Relations
Streamline Processes
Nonprofits can use fundraising software to organize all of their campaigns, track essential donor data, and analyze the results of previous campaigns to improve future ones. Additionally, fundraising software can help your nonprofit automate processes like inputting information directly into your donor profiles.
All the fields — email, address, donor name, etc. — that are captured on your donation forms can be transferred to your donor database. Since team members won’t have to manually enter information, they’ll have more time to cultivate long-lasting relationships with donors.
Track Donor Interactions
From thanking supporters after they give or attend an event to regularly updating them on your nonprofit’s mission, a lot goes into managing donor relationships. Maintaining an up-to-date record of donor interactions can ensure that donors don’t receive repeat information.
Fundraising software can help your staff keep track of when you reached out to donors and what information was discussed. Information on your nonprofit’s donor interactions can be accessed by everyone on the team so communications can be personalized and relevant to all your supporters.
Evaluate Fundraising Data
Nonprofits can use fundraising software to track the progress of campaigns and events. With information about average donation size, event attendance, and so much more, your team can analyze the results to see which strategies worked and which ones can be improved or replaced with a different approach.
A deeper look into your fundraising analytics may reveal ways you can boost your campaigns before they end.For instance, if you see an online fundraising campaign isn’t on track to reach its goal, it might be beneficial to generate more excitement via social media and email marketing.
With so many challenges, your job doesn't seem like it's getting harder...
It actually IS getting harder!
Salsa's fundraising software platform can help your team:
Cut through the clutter with precisely relevant messaging.
Drive lasting relationships with grassroots supporters.
Inspire action on every channel online and offline.
Request Pricing
Get a Demo
Explore Nonprofit Fundraising Software
Donor Management
Rich Donor Profiles
Donation Tracking
Direct Mail Fundraising
Reporting
More Features and Integrations!
Click here to learn more
Digital Marketing
Marketing Automation
Email Marketing
Social Media Marketing
Drag + Drop Sign Up Forms
Marketing Dashboard Analytics
Click here to learn more
Online Fundraising
Online Donation Forms
Automated Gift Acknowledgments
Online Event Registration
Secure Payment Processing
Fundraising Dashboard Analytics
Click here to learn more
Online Advocacy
Online Petitions
Targeted Actions
Social Advocacy
Click to Call Advocacy
Advocacy Dashboard Analytics
Click here to learn more
Peer to Peer Fundraising
Custom Event Pages
Personal/Team Fundraising Pages
Built-in Fundraiser Coaching
Free P2P Mobile Fundraiser App
P2P Dashboard Analytics
Click here to learn more
See Fundraising Software FAQs
1
What is fundraising software?
Fundraising software refers to any software solution that was built specifically to facilitate nonprofits’ fundraising efforts. These platforms make the fundraising process more successful by enabling nonprofits to build individualized donor stewardship strategies and by optimizing the donation process, data management, marketing and communications, and other efforts.
2
How will fundraising software help my nonprofit?
Ideally, your fundraising platform should be helping your organization reach your goals faster and more effectively. Look towards the future and think about what you hope to achieve with your software. You’ll want to buy a solution that can not only help you meet your current goals, but can also grow with you. Learn 7 tips to convince your board to invest in fundraising software >
3
How do I choose the right fundraising platform?
Choosing the right fundraising platform starts with asking the right questions to determine and prioritize your requirements, thoroughly researching and taking demonstrations of software platforms, then choosing the right system that meets your needs, requirements, and budget. Get the clear and complete guide to fundraising software >
4
How is Salsa's fundraising platform for nonprofits different?
Salsa brings online and offline fundraising and data management together on one unified platform that was purpose-built for nonprofit teams. Learn more about why Salsa is different >
5
What features does Salsa's fundraising software offer?
Salsa's fundraising software for nonprofits is comprehensive. From standard donation forms, to peer to peer fundraising, to online advocacy, Salsa's suite provides nonprofits with everything they need for online fundraising. Plus, with donor management and marketing software, nonprofits can do far more than simply collect donations.
6
Is Salsa's fundraising platform mobile-friendly?
Yes! There's no denying that your donors are mobile, which is why Salsa's online fundraising platforms are optimized for mobile and tablet devices. Plus, your nonprofit can take Salsa's tools on the go for real-time fundraising and data updates in the field. Learn more about mobile fundraising >
7
Can nonprofit fundraising software increase donor retention?
Salsa's fundraising software doesn't end with a donation. Automated messaging and comprehensive donor management tools will help you thank, acknowledge, and stay in touch with donors. With events and advocacy tools, you can engage your donors in a multitude of ways. Learn more about donor retention >
8
Do I need both Salsa Engage and Salsa CRM?
It depends on you organizational needs. Salsa Engage is strictly for online fundraising, marketing, and advocacy. Salsa CRM is a centralized database for heavy development work. It includes robust reporting, donor and donation management, offline fundraising such as major gift cultivation, and direct mail fundraising.
9
How much does Salsa's fundraising software cost?
Pricing for Salsa Engage and Salsa CRM depends on the size of your contact database. You can request a custom pricing quote here >
Unify Your Online & Offline Fundraising withSalsa Engage + Salsa CRM
Explore Salsa CRM
Unify Your Online & Offline Fundraising withSalsa Engage + Salsa CRM
Marketing Automation
Online Fundraising
Peer to Peer Fundraising
Online Event Registration
Rich Donor Profiles
Donation Tracking
Direct Mail Fundraising
Performance Dashboard
Explore Salsa CRM
Already Using a CRM?
We Support That!
Purpose Built Marketing Automation, Fundraising and Advocacy Software for Fundraising and Advocacy Nonprofits.
Bidirectional Data Integration
Frequent data synchronization
User-friendly configuration and setup
Works with all Salesforce’s standard versions and the Nonprofit Success Pack
No middleware or third-party platforms
Syncs directly with Salesforce’s native records like Contacts, Campaigns, and Opportunities
Automatically match and merge potential duplicates using Salesforce built-in Duplicate Matching rules, or manually control how the system merges contacts
Learn More Get a Demo
Bidirectional Data Integration
Daily data synchronization
Works with all Raiser’s Edge and NXT
Custom mapping available to handle Raiser’s Edge customizations
Learn More
Everything you need to be successful.
All in one place.
One Product Suite.
No Hidden Fees.
Learn More
Loved By Over 10,000 Nonprofit Users
Use Salsa Engage Standalone. Or Sync Seamlessly With Salsa CRM!
Request Pricing
Get a Demo
By switching to Salsa Engage and Salsa CRM, we've been able to fully integrate our P2P Fundraising and our online fundraising with our database. This is a huge time saver. We've also been able to take advantage of features like honor/memorial giving and event management that we were unable to do before.
Debra Norman, Development Associate
"Great Product!”
The software is a great comprehensive marketing and CRM software solution designed for the smallest nonprofit or the largest. You can truly customize everything to fit a simple or complex process. We love Salsa and look forward to all the advancements coming!
Derek B.
Fundraising Software Review
5 / 5
Salsa's Fundraising Software Helps Manage Donor Relationships at Every Stage
Building and maintaining donor relationships is essential for the growth and prosperity of any organization. Luckily for you, fundraising software can play a huge part in establishing relationships with donors. We’ll look at 4 stages of donor relationships and the many ways fundraising software can assist you through each phase in the process:
1. Donor Identification
Before you interact with a donor, you need to plan your approach. Your plan should involve collecting and recording personal information about your donor, identifying the type of donor, and looking at the donor’s past interactions with your organization.
Because fundraising software houses all of your donor data under one system, you can easily gather and record this information via the donor’s constituent profile.
Be sure to make note of any communication preferences, interests and hobbies, and connections to your organization. The more information you have, the more personalized and tailored your outreach will be.
2. Donor Engagement
Once you’ve gathered all the information and created a plan, it’s time to reach out to your donors. Your initial outreach should consist of informational content that helps the donor understand your mission.
Use fundraising software to segment your donors based on factors like location, average gift size, interests, and age to ensure that donors receive relevant information.
Segmentation allows for personalization. And when you personalize your messages, you greatly increase the chance of a donor reading or hearing something that interests them. Proving you’re a source of valuable information makes it easy to solicit donations.
3. Donor Conversion
You’ve identified the donors you want to reach out to, and you’ve engaged them with information they find valuable. Now it’s time to make your ask! The best way to ensure donations is by making the giving process quick and easy.
Fundraising software allows nonprofits to set up multiple donation pages for different campaigns that might draw in donors with specific interests, as well as mobile-friendly options that make on-the-go giving convenient.
When asking for donations, include multiple ways to give (think: a link to your online donation form or instructions on how to give via text message) so that donors can choose the option that’s most convenient for them.
4. Donor Stewardship and Retention
Getting donors to give once is only half the battle. Your plan should also include ways to encourage donors to give again, volunteer, or attend an event. Your staff will learn more about a donor’s passions and interests when they’re engaged in your nonprofit’s activities.
Tracking all your donor interactions via your fundraising software can help you discover trends in their giving behaviors, which can influence your personalized outreach.
For instance, you may find that a donor has given $10 to your organization over the last few months. Since their gifts are becoming more regular, this might be the perfect opportunity to suggest recurring gift options
Next Steps to Purchasing Fundraising Software
Fundraising software can help organizations boost their donor relations and increase their fundraising potential. So if you’re interested in purchasing fundraising software, you’re probably wondering where to start. We’ll show you our step-by-step guide to finding and buying software:
1. Determine Your Fundraising Software Needs
Not all fundraising software is created equal; some tools will have wide-ranging capabilities, while others may be intended for a specific type of nonprofit. Your organization needs to evaluate what features matter most. Create a list of your must-haves and start researching vendors that meet those requirements.
2. Contact the Software Vendor
Once you’ve found a couple vendors that cover your needs, reach out to them via phone or email. The initial contact is a great opportunity to ask questions about areas that weren’t clear from their marketing materials and to explain what your nonprofit is looking for in a fundraising software.
3. View a Demo of the Fundraising Platform
If the first call goes well, the next step is to request a demo. While you’ve probably done a lot of research on the software’s capabilities, the best way to see if a tool will be a good fit is to test it out! Most vendors offer free demos or a trial period, allowing you to try some of the features for yourself.
4. Research the Software Online
The last step you should take before picking a vendor is to look at reviews online or ask other nonprofits about their experience with the software and the vendor. In addition to the software’s capabilities, you also should find out if the vendor has good customer service and if they help with data migration and integrating the software with your existing tools.
5. Select Your Software Vendor
Now it’s time to pick your provider! Once you’ve selected the vendor you want to work with, they’ll create a contract that outlines the terms of purchase. Use this time to ask any additional questions about how they’ll help you set up, like providing manuals or training videos. After you sign the contract, you’re ready to start using your new software.
Want to Learn More About Fundraising Software With Salsa?
Get Your Digital Fundraising Checklist
Download this comprehensive "Digital Fundraising Checklist and unlock the strategies, best practices, and tools you need to inspire supporters to donate, fundraise, or take action online.
Download
Calculate Your Fundraising ROI with Salsa
Salsa users grow their annual fundraising revenue at 6X the industry average. See what your nonprofit's return on investment could look like with this easy ROI calculator!
Calculate ROI
Grow Your List  With Facebook Ads like OEC
In this #SalsaSuccess story you will discover how one environmental nonprofit micro-targeted their Facebook ads and grew their list with Salsa Engage.
Read Story
Our Products
Salsa CRM + Salsa Engage
Salsa Engage
Salsa Engage for Salesforce
Product Integrations
Get a Demo Request Pricing
Resources
Case Studies
Best Practices
Upcoming Events & Webinars
Our Partners
Video Library
For Customers
Thrive
Support Center
Smart Start
Salsa Scholars
Client Login
Blog
About Salsa
Our Story
Management
Careers
Sales: 866-619-8635
Support: M-F | 8AM-8PM ET
7920 Norfolk Ave #550Bethesda, MD 20814
Subscribe to Blog Updates
Website Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Shield Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Supporter Terms