http://www.municipalcourt.com/terms-of-use/
24 Hour Toll Free
(877) 394-4665
0-100 27th St
Fair Lawn, N.J. 07410
Home
New Jersey DWI
DWI/DUI Laws
DWI Laws in New Jersey
Levels of Penalties for DUI/DWI Charges in New Jersey
Pleading Guilty to a DUI/DWI Charge in New Jersey
General Information
Common Circumstances Associated with DUI/DWI charges in New Jersey
The New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission Cannot Suspend Your License For a Pending DWI Charge
DUI/DWI Cases Due To Drugs in New Jersey
Case History And Contact Information
Useful Tips
What To Do After Being Charged With A DUI/DWI in New Jersey?
Common Mistakes Committed by People Charged with DUI/DWI In New Jersey.
Hiring An Attorney
What to look for When Hiring an Attorney to Represent your Case?
Is Retaining a Public Defender a Viable Option?
Field Sobriety Tests
Administration of Tests During a Stop
Types of Field Sobriety Tests
Walk-and-Turn
One-Leg Stand
Horizontal Gaze Nystagmus
Common Misconceptions: Refusing the Tests
Non-Standardized Tests
Defense Strategy & Police Mistakes
Tests as Evidence in Court
Field Sobriety Test History & Purpose
Insurance Surcharge
Points on Your License
Driving Without Insurance
Speeding
Driving While Suspended
Disorderly Persons/Shoplifting
Your Rights in New Jersey
Traffic Offenses
Major Traffic Laws
Driving While Your License Is under Suspension
Moving Violations and The Interstate Driver’s License Compact
Underage Drivers and Traffic Infractions
Leaving the Scene of an Accident
New Jersey’s Unsafe Driving Statute
General Info About Traffic Offenses
What Are the Most Common Traffic Tickets Issued in New Jersey?
Commercial Drivers (CDL Holders) Are Subject to an Enhanced Point System
Do You Have to Appear in Court for a Moving Violation?
A DWI Charge Is the Most Serious of Vehicle-Related Offenses
Is a DWI a Criminal Charge in New Jersey?
Useful Tips for Traffic Offense Cases
It Is Advisable to Retain an Attorney before the Penalties for Driving While Suspended Begin to Compound
Common Misconceptions about Moving Violations
Criminal Defense
Shoplifting Offenses
What is shoplifting offense?
What to do if I am accused of shoplifting by a Store Security Guard?
Should I hire an Attorney and what can an Attorney do for me?
Are some shoplifting offenses more serious than others?
FAQs
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Related Articles
Privacy Policy
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Charged with a DWI?
(Useful Info Revealed that may
help
you Navigate your DWI Case)
Fight Your Traffic Ticket
(Useful Info Revealed to Fight Your Traffic Ticket)
Free Initial Consultation
Your Name *
Email *
Phone *
Tell us what happened
*
Recent Posts
Defense Strategy & Police Mistakes
Tests as Evidence in Court
Non-Standardized Tests
East Greenwich mayor pleads not guilty to DWI
Legal Protection against Truck Accidents
Hire a Personal Injury Attorney for Drunk Driving Cases
Immigration and Criminal
Defense Attorney
Terms of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials(information or software) on Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq web site for personal, on-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq web site are provided “as is”. Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq  or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq Internet site, even if Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq or a Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Law Offices of Ronald P. Mondello, Esq web site shall be governed by the laws of the State New Jersey without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
By
Ronald P. Mondello
Related Articles
Privacy Policy
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Blog
Attorney Marketing
Google Places
Local Listings
© 2013 Ronald P. Mondello, Esq. All Rights Reserved.