http://www.fftc.org/privacy_policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, make a donation, recommend a grant or any other similar activity.
What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
To improve client service
To improve our website
To process transactions
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates about Foundation For The Carolinas. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include a link to update your email preferences at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer technology and then encrypted into our database to be accessed only by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Your privacy is important to us. We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property or safety.
Cookie Policy
We may store information about you using cookies. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your computer’s (or other device’s) hard drive each time you visit a website. Cookies, including the cookies used on our website, allow us to recognize your computer and improve your experience by making your interaction with the website quicker, easier and more efficient. Cookies do not contain any personal or private information. Our website may use the following types of cookies: (a) functionality cookies enable the “Share” feature on our website where users may send information to other websites such as Facebook and Twitter, and also may enable the use of user “favorites”; (b) analytics cookies are used to measure and analyze how users are using our website; (c) marketing cookies help identify how users are reaching our website, which helps us determine the effectiveness of our marketing; (d) customer preference cookies enables our website to remember user preferences such as your username, location and language to help save you time by avoiding repetitive entry of information.
We also use Google Analytics Advertising Features which utilizes Google advertising cookies and identifiers to analyze the demographics and interests of users. You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, which may be downloaded from Google here.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software or browser software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Further information about deleting or controlling cookies is available at the third-party website www.aboutcookies.org. We are not responsible for the content of any third-party website. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site. Our website does not recognize Do Not Track requests that may be automatically transmitted by your web browser.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy and cookie policy.
Changes to our Privacy and Cookie Policy
If this privacy and cookie policy is changed, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on July 18, 2017.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
donorrelations@fftc.org
220 N. Tryon St.
Charlotte, NC 28202
704.973.4500www.fftc.org
Legal
The contents of this Web site are copyright 2017 by Foundation For The Carolinas, unless otherwise indicated. Foundation For The Carolinas is the registered service mark of Foundation For The Carolinas.
The contents of this site are intended for the contemporaneous viewing by users of the site and may be downloaded by users of this site consistent with the mission and purposes of Foundation For The Carolinas and for the personal use of such users but without further right of reproduction, publication, dissemination or transfer absent prior written consent of Foundation For The Carolinas.
All information and suggestions contained in this site are provided AS IS and without warranty of accuracy, completeness, suitability or utility of any kind whatsoever, including merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Foundation For The Carolinas makes reasonable efforts to present accurate and reliable information on this site, but it disclaims all responsibility for the consequences of its use or reliance by any persons, organization or other entity. Because relevant laws may change and information may be inapplicable to a particular situation or become outdated, Foundation For The Carolinas recommends consultation with an appropriate professional before acting or otherwise relying on any contents of this site.
Foundation For The Carolinas expressly disclaims all liability for injury, damages, costs or other loss of any kind arising from or caused by use of, reference or conformity to, belief in or reliance on any content of this site.
All links or references to other organizations or Internet sites contained in this site's pages are provided strictly as a convenience to users and are not intended and should not be construed as any endorsement or approval of, association with or control over any such organization or site or the contents thereof. Foundation For The Carolinas has no control over or participation in the selection or display of content by such organizations or sites, and it disclaims all warranty and liability as to the accuracy, completeness, suitability or utility thereof.
©2020 Foundation For The Carolinas