http://www.caspian-khazri.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What information we collect
We hold personal data about you that you have given us during your visit to our website including your name and your email address.
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and in order to create reports.
This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. The only cookies in use on our site are for Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website.
Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it. Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit the Google page.
You may refuse to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, doing so may affect your ability to access or use certain parts of the Website.
We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you, track your behaviour or share information with 3rd parties.
What are your rights?
Under the regulations you have various legal rights, including the following.
You have the right to:
see any data we hold about you free of charge
have inaccuracies in any data held about you corrected
have information erased (and forgotten by us), subject to retaining commercial and accounts information as described above)
prevent direct marketing to you by us
data portability (to be provided with an electronic copy of the data relevant to you)
complain to the regulator (ICO)
You may request to see the data we hold about you, or instruct us on any of these rights you wish to invoke, by getting in touch via any method on the contact page. We will respond within 30 days.
You can also unsubscribe from our mailing list by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom the newsletters or emails that we send you. This will result in your data being automatically erased from the relevant mailing list.
Links to other Websites
Our Website may include links to other websites of interest. If you have used these links to leave our site please note we cannot control and is not responsible for the contents or for any privacy or data collection policies they may employ.
© 2020 Caspian Khazri |
Theme by: Theme Horse |
Proudly Powered by: WordPress