http://www.graldersgate.org/privacy-policy.html
Get Connected
Home
About Us
Advent & Christmas Eve
News & Events
Child Care
Community Garden
Connect & Grow
Virtual Worship & Uplifting Messages
Privacy Policy
Privacy StatementAldersgate United Methodist Church recognizes the importance of your privacy and supports best practice procedures in the way your personal information is handled by us. By providing your personal information you agree and consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and holding of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. At Aldersgate United Methodist Church, we are committed to your privacy and security. Under no circumstances will we ever release this information to a third party so that they can target you with their sales and marketing campaigns.Submission of FormsAny of our church forms, both on-line and paper, require users to give us contact information (such as their name, email, and postal address). Information from these forms is used to perform the function of the form. Your contact information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary. We only maintain contact information in our database.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Aldersgate United Methodist Church is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our site, to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.Collected on the Site:When you visit our web site, our eXTReMe Tracking Service makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes: Your server address  Your top level domain (for example .com, .ca, .biz, etc)  The date and time of your visit to the site  The pages you accessed and the documents downloaded The previous site you have visited (How you were referred to our site) The type of browser you are usingPlease Note: This information will only be used for statistical purposes. No personal information such as personal names, email addresses, etc., are being tracked.CookiesAldersgate United Methodist Church currently does not use cookies on it's web site www.graldersgate.org. A cookie is a unique text file that a web site can send to your browser software. Cookies enable a web site to tailor information presented to you based on your browsing preferences.Photo Guidelines:We try to use photos of congregation members on our web sites to show the community more about the church, its members and the events we have. We respect the privacy rights and concerns of members and church event participants, and want to protect the safety of children pictured. The following are guidelines for using photos of congregation members or event participants at Aldersgate United Methodist Church:We will gladly remove any photo upon request.  You are also welcome to opt-out of having any photos with you in them posted anywhere on our media sites.  An opt-out form can be picked up in our church office or can be sent to you via email by contacting aumcoffice@gmail.com. We will not post images of children without the consent of a parent or guardian. Release forms are available in the church office or by contacting aumcoffice@gmail.com. We try not to post anything that would be embarrassing, objectionable or hurtful to anyone in the photo. We do not put people’s names in the descriptions or captions with photos.On our Facebook page we will not tag people photographed. However, people can tag themselves.We will not post people’s e-mail addresses or phone numbers.We will gladly provide credit for who took a particular photo if desired by the photographer, and will honor any copyright wishes or restrictions.
contact us
Aldersgate United Methodist Church4301 Ambrose Avenue NEGrand Rapids, MI 49525-6122P: (616) 363.3446 F: (616) 363.0719aumcoffice@gmail.com
getting around this site
Home | About Us | News and Events |Adults | Children & Youth |  Connect & Grow | Online Giving | Privacy Policy
Aldersgate is a Reconciling Ministries Congregation.
how to find us
Click on the pointer below to get directions from your address.