http://www.workrant.com/terms/
Terms and Conditions of Use
Introduction
Welcome to workrant.com (our "Site"). Please read these Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms") before using our Site. By using our Site you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you don't wish to be bound by what you read below, you shouldn't use workrant.com.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time and will alert you to any changes on this page, but it is your responsibility as a user of the Site to check for changes on a regular basis. Changes are effective as soon as they are posted and by continuing to use the Site, it indicates your acceptance of any changes.
What we do
Our Site is an anonymous sounding board for people to release the stress they have been holding on to about their jobs. Users of the Site can submit their own blog posts and comments and enter into discussions with us and each other. We also provide regular, category-based blog content, tools and resources for people who are considering quitting, or have already quit, their jobs.
What we don't do
The information we provide does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by us and is not intended to be relied upon by you in making (or not making) any particular decisions. Everyone's circumstances are different, so you should always carry out your own research into any information or service that you are made aware of through use of the Site. We may link to third parties on the Site, but do not investigate their practices or solvency.
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy to see how we manage the information you share with us.
Links
Our Site contains information from and links to third party websites. We cannot vouch for the accuracy or completeness of information provided by or originated from third parties. It is your responsibility to verify that information before you make any decision to use, purchase, or not purchase any services or products mentioned by us and available through a third party link. We always recommend you read the Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions of external web sites and services before you use them.
Some of the links used on this Site are affiliated. These are links that will take you directly or indirectly to a third party web site and may result in us receiving a fee or commission. However, this does not affect editorial content. For transparency, we have highlighted affiliate links in text with an asterix (*).
Our content
All of the content on our Site is owned by us and protected by English and international copyright laws. It can be used for personal, non-commercial use only and may not be republished, posted, transmitted, stored, sold, distributed or modified without our prior written consent.
Your content
All content you author and submit to the Site (e.g. your rants or comments) is your sole responsibility, as are any consequences thereof. We may not actively moderate your content and do not endorse or take any responsibility for it. However, we reserve the right to edit or delete any content as we see fit and with no explanation.
When submitting content we ask you to give us a name, but you do not have to use your real one. We also ask for your location and job role - these details are optional and you should not supply any information that could personally identify yourself or the organisation that you work for.
You own any copyright in anything that you post to our Site. However, by submitting content to workrant.com, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, unrestricted, royalty-free, fully paid-up, transferable license, with the right to sub-license (through multiple tiers), to use, copy, publicly perform, digitally perform, publicly display and distribute (through multiple tiers) such contributed content, and to sell, modify, create derivative works from and/or to incorporate such contributed content into other works in any form, medium or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, in each case, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you. You agree to waive any moral rights that you may have to your contributed content.
Objectionable content
Anything that you post on our Site or social media channels must be lawful and in accordance with these Terms. Do not:
post spam content
advertise anything
reveal private information about a named person or organisation
post material that infringes the intellectual property or other rights of others
post any material that contains extremist views and/or appears to incite or promote terrorist activities
post any material that is unlawful, obscene, libellous, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person as determined by us in our sole discretion
post anything that could be considered abusive on the basis of age, disability, gender reassignment, race, religion or belief, sex, or sexual orientation
Any opinions you post are yours and in no way reflect our opinions or attitudes. You should not assume that information provided by others is accurate or complete. If you do, you do so at your own risk.
Rants by definition will tend to be angry and impassioned and by accessing this web site you should be aware that you may be exposed to content that you find offensive. If you feel strongly that a post is abusive or personally objectionable in some way, you may contact us with your concerns.
Disclaimer of warranties and liability
Our Site is provided in good faith but we cannot and do not warrant the completeness, truth or accuracy of any content, or its usefulness for any purpose. You acknowledge and agree that we will not be liable for any action that you or others take or don't take based on your use of or reliance on information provided by our Site or its users.
We don't promise that your access to our Site or its content will be delivered uninterrupted, timely or error-free, or that the Site will be free from viruses or other harmful properties. It’s your responsibility to implement satisfactory safeguards and security procedures on your own devices.
The effect of what is set out here is that you agree that under no circumstances will we be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental or other type of loss or injury resulting from your use, or downloading of any content on our Site.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us, defend us and hold us harmless from and against any claim, liability, cost, damage or loss we may incur (including reasonable legal fees) as a result of any material that you post or transmit on our Site, social media or via any other communications systems, any actions you take which disrupt access to and/or the functioning of our Site or any breach by you of your obligations under these Terms.
General
If any of these provisions is deemed invalid, void or unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from the rest and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Our Site is based in the United Kingdom but is directed to users worldwide. These Terms shall be governed by the laws of England and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the Courts of England.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our Site or these Terms and Conditions of Use, please contact us.
Effective as of: 9 June 2016
http://www.healthordisease.com
http://nosubhealth.com
http://healthlibr.com