http://www.fmcs.gov/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
loading...
Privacy PolicyD. Nicinski2020-08-26T09:32:25-04:00
What kind of technical information is collected when I visit the FMCS website?
When you browse, read pages or download information on our website, we automatically gather and store certain technical information about your visit.  This information never identifies who you are.  The information we collect and store about your visit is listed below:
The Internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
The type of browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer) and operating system (Windows, Unix) used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the fmcs.gov website from another website, the address of that website.
This information is only used to help us make the site more useful for you.  With this data we learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use.  We never track or record information about individuals and their visits.
What happens if I use your contact page or send an e-mail?
If you choose to provide us with personal information by filling out a form on our contact page or submit an e-mail through our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested.  We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law.  We never create individual profiles or give such information to any private organization.  FMCS never collects information for commercial marketing.
How do I file a Privacy Act request?
Send an email to the Chief Privacy Officer, Greg Goldstein at privacy@fmcs.gov or mail a request to The Chief Privacy Officer, Greg Goldstein,  FMCS, 250 E Street SW, Washington, D.C. 20427. Please note during COVID-19, mailed requests may take longer to process.
How do I amend or correct Privacy Act records pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552a(d)?
Send an email to the Chief Privacy Officer, Greg Goldstein at privacy@fmcs.gov or mail a request to The Chief Privacy Officer, Greg Goldstein,  FMCS, 250 E Street SW, Washington, D.C. 20427. Please note during COVID-19, mailed requests may take longer to process. Please specify the records to be amended or corrected and the corrected information.
Go to Top