https://www.lavendermagazine.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Lavender Magazine
Magazine
Our Scene
Arts & Culture
Food & Dining
Clubs & Music
Sports
Style & Entertaining
Travel & Recreation
Our Lives
Dating & Relationships
Health & Wellness
Family & Friends
Pets
Lifestyles & Communities
Faith
Our Affairs
Politics
Causes
Law & Finance
Books
Education
Our Homes
Recipes & Cooking
Home & Yard
Crafting & Home Arts
Vehicles & Rides
Big Gay News
Digital Edition
Advertise
Resources
Contact
Subscribe to Lavender Magazine
Contests & Promotions
Subscribe to Lavender Link
Lavender’s First Thursdays
Distribution Map
Privacy Policy
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Lavender Media, Inc. We’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Lavender Media or any Lavender Media affiliated company. Lavender Media and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Lavender Media may collect and how we may use it:
What Personal Information We Collect
If you participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences.
How We Use Personal Information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Lavender Media’s latest announcements and upcoming events. It also helps us to improve our services, content, and advertising. If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime.
• We also use personal information to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
• From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Although this information is important to your interaction with Lavender Media, you may opt out of receiving these communications at any time.
• We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve Lavender Media’s products, services, and customer communications.
• If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect non-personal information ? data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone where a Lavender Media service is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Lavender Media’s website, online services, interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our website people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Lavender Media and its partners may use cookies and other technologies in mobile advertising services to control the number of times you see a given ad, deliver ads that relate to your interests, and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. If you do not want to receive ads with this level of relevance on your mobile device, you can opt out. You will continue to receive the same number of mobile ads, but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests. You may still see ads related to the content on a web page or in an application or based on other non-personal information. This opt-out applies only to Lavender Media advertising services and does not affect interest-based advertising from other advertising networks.
Lavender Media and our partners also use cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, online services, and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with Lavender Media more convenient and personal. Knowing your country and language helps us provide a customized and more useful experience. If you want to disable cookies on your mobile device, go to Settings and then to the Cookies section. Check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies in your browsers. Please note that certain features of the Lavender Media website may not be available once cookies are disabled.
As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We may use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Lavender Media may use this information in its marketing and advertising services.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Lavender Media website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format that customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Personal information will only be shared by Lavender Media to provide or improve our products, services and advertising. Your personal information will not be sold or shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Others
It may be necessary ? by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence ? for Lavender Media to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
Protection of Personal Information
Lavender Media takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
When you use some Lavender Media services, products, or applications or post on a Lavender Media forum or social networking service, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.
Access to Personal Information
For personal information, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access so you can request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if Lavender Media is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Third-Party Sites and Services
Lavender Media websites, products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Information collected by third parties is governed by their privacy practices and we encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
International Users
Information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. Lavender Media abides by the “safe harbor” framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected by organizations in the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Learn more about the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program.
Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy
To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Lavender Media employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about Lavender Media’s Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us.
Lavender Media may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Lavender Media, Inc.  3715 Chicago Ave. S., Minneapolis, MN 55407
Legal Notice
The Lavender Media website is privately owned, operated and maintained. You can use this web site only if you agree to and accept the Terms and Conditions without limitation or reservation.
Limitation of Use
All materials on this our website are protected by copyright laws, and other applicable laws of each country throughout the world. Except for personal, non-commercial internal use, you are prohibited to use (including without limitation, copying, modifying, reproducing in whole or in part, uploading, transmitting, distributing, licensing, selling and publishing) any of the materials, without obtaining our prior express permission.
Disclaimers of Warranties
Except to the extent prohibited by applicable laws, we make no representation and warranty, either express or implied, including warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy and reliability for any particular purpose, non-infringement of third parties rights and/or safety of the contents of this website. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of your use or access, or inability to use or access our website.
Applicable Laws
This Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America unless otherwise expressly stated.
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Blogger
Myspace
Delicious
Yahoo Mail
Gmail
Newsvine
Digg
FriendFeed
Buffer
Reddit
VKontakte
Pin It on Pinterest