http://www.jfsdelaware.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Jewish Family Services of Delaware maintains high standards for the protection of your privacy at our website. We are in compliance with the standards of HIPAA and the Council on Accreditation.
Other than to fulfill a request from you, we won’t sell, rent or share any personally-identifiable information you provide without your consent.
Our web servers automatically capture your domain name, the IP address of the web page from which you enter our site, the pages you visit on our site and the amount of time you spend here. We do not collect any information that can reveal your personal identity unless you voluntarily provide it when you register to use interactive features of the site, including the sales portal, or to make a donation.
Personally identifiable information voluntarily provided by you may be retained indefinitely for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
Any personally-identifiable information you give us will be used only to provide the product, service or information you have requested. Unless you specifically consent to let us do so, your personally-identifiable information, including your e-mail address, will not be sold, rented, licensed, or otherwise shared with third parties.
Information that you voluntarily provided will be maintained as long as JFS of Delaware deems appropriate to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information or until you request us to remove it.
If you choose to use any of the links we provide to other organizations, you will be leaving our web site and going to a new web site. Protection of your privacy at those other sites will be governed by the privacy policy at that site.
If we make any changes to this policy, we’ll let you know the effective date of the changes and you can contact our Webmaster if you’d like to know more about what’s new. If you have any questions or comments or receive any unwanted e-mail from this site, please contact our Webmaster via e-mail at info@jfsdelaware.org.
Updated June 29,2010