http://www.nsbcweatherford.com/about-us/contact/privacy-policy
Welcome! Please Login.
Invalid Email / Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Your Password?
CancelLogin
FacebookTwitterInstagramYoutubeVimeo
Privacy Policy
Contact UsPrayer RequestPrivacy PolicyJoin eMail List
Privacy Policy
This site may request personally identifiable data from you ("Personal Information"), which may include your e-mail address, domain name or other personal information such as your address, telephone number, etc., and in the case of online giving, credit card number and expiration date. In addition, our web server may automatically recognize and store your e-mail address or your domain name when you log onto our site or the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and we may aggregate information about what pages on our site you visit or access. Personal Information is used by North Side Baptist Church to assist in serving you more effectively.
If you submit a donation online and there is an error as to the amount of the transaction, please contact info@nsbcweatherford.com or 817-599-8612.
At any time, you may obtain a summary of the Personal Information on record with North Side Baptist Church which has been collected about you via this website. In addition, at any time you may request to correct the Personal Information, request that such information be removed from the North Side Baptist Church database, or request that North Side Baptist Church no longer solicit you either by e-mail, telephone, regular mail or by any other means. To make any request described above, send an e-mail to North Side Baptist Church at info@nsbcweatherford.com or call 817-599-8612.
When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact e-mail address, name, address, and day-time telephone number in order to be sure we handle your request correctly.
By using this site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy. North Side Baptist Church reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
©2007 North Side Baptist Church
All pages within this Internet site are the property of North Side Baptist Church. No portion of the materials on these pages may be reprinted or republished in any form without the express written permission of North Side Baptist Church.