http://www.legal-island.com/about-us/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
Forgot your login details
Enter your registered email address below and we will send you a link to reset your password
Login
Login to your legal island account
Email Address
Password
Remember me
Lost password?
Not registered with us?
Try for free
Location: Northern Ireland
Rep.of Ireland
About Us
Home
Employment Law Hub
Events
eLearning
About Us
Diversity & Inclusion Charter Mark
Home /
About Us /
Cookies
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Cookies
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Legal-Island is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This statement (together with our General Terms and Conditions) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from and about you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
What data do we collect and process?
We will collect and process the following data about you:
-          Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes the information you supply us with when you engage in our event bookings, hub subscription or e learning services. The information you give us may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information, photograph.
-          Information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you visit our website; subscribe to our hub to receive newsletters and email updates; use our eLearning services; use our online chat facility; apply for employment with us; attend one of our events/ conferences; and engage in business dealings with us. You are not obliged to provide us with your personal information. However, if you do not, we might not be able to carry out the services you have requested of us.
Why do we process your data?
We process your data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject, to perform the services you have requested of us or to take steps at your request prior to undertaking to provide services for you, because you have consented to our processing of your data or for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such as to inform you of changes to our services or to provide you with information about other services we offer.
How will we use your data?
When you visit our website, an anonymous record of your visit is made. This data is then aggregated and used to determine the number of people who visit our website and the most frequently used sections of the site. This enables us to continually update and refine the site. If you use any forms on the website, or online chat facility, to contact us, a record will also be made of the details you choose to include such as your name, email address, telephone number and the nature of your enquiry.
We may collect, hold, use and disclose the information collected to:
allow us to provide you with the services you request from us;
compile statistical data and to maintain our database;
develop/ improve our website;
to monitor and improve the quality of our services;
respond to any email enquiries;
provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those you have already requested of us or enquired about;
notify you of any upcoming marketing, training or other events;
provide you with publications;
manage systems administration;
attend to compliance issues;
determine suitability for employment and
comply with legal obligations we might be subject to (such as anti-money laundering);
to notify you of changes to our services;
to allow you to participate in events organised by us or our partner
to allow you to participate in eLearning training
to provide reports and statistics to your employer who have engaged our eLearning training
for other marketing purposes
We will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose which is not related (or in the case of sensitive information, directly related) to the above purposes without your consent, unless otherwise authorised, required or permitted under the laws of United Kingdom and Ireland.
Who will we share your data with?
We may disclose your personal information on a confidential basis to external service providers so that they can provide services such as financial or administrative services in connection with the operation of our business; and to any person (where necessary) in connection with their services, such as, but not limited to, law enforcement, regulatory authorities, partners or advisors.
If we engage external service providers, we will take reasonable steps to ensure those entities comply with their obligations under GDPR when they handle your personal information. We will also ensure external service providers are only authorised to use personal information for the limited purposes specified in our agreement with them.
We may disclose your data in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
We may disclose or share your data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our General Terms and Conditions.
Our agents, contractors or partners are restricted from using your data in any way other than to provide services for Legal-Island, or services for the collaboration in which they and Legal-Island are engaged. Legal-Island requires that all such agents, contractors or partners enter into contractual guarantees to observe security and privacy obligations as least as stringent as those set forth in this privacy statement.
Data security
We take our data security responsibilities seriously, employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures, including staff training and awareness. We review our data security measures and procedures regularly. Unfortunately, the transmission of information by means of the internet, including through e-mail, is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to or from us by means of e-mail and any such transmission is at your own risk.
Data retention
It is our aim to only hold your data for as long as this is necessary. Unless otherwise required under applicable law, we store your data for as long as we provide services to you and for a period of no less than six years beginning on the date we receive your data.
Marketing
We may contact you by mail, email and telephone about our services and other events involving or relating to Legal-Island which may be of interest to you. You have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise this right, please send us an email to marketing@legal-island.com with a header that says “Unsubscribe”.
Where we store your information
We might store your information in different places. Physical files are stored in our office. Electronic files are stored on our secure servers and in the cloud. We may transfer your data to, and store it at, a destination outside of the European Economic Area. Whenever we transfer your data in such a way, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. You may contact us via e-mail, letter or telephone in case you wish to find out more or to obtain a copy of the appropriate safeguards.
Your rights
You have the right to request that we:
inform you whether we process your data, provide you with details relating to our processing, and with a copy of your data;
rectify any inaccurate data we might have about you without undue delay;
complete any incomplete information about you;
erase your personal data without undue delay,
are restricted from processing your data;
furnish you with the personal data which you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format
Where we process your data solely on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before the withdrawal. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner at any time.
The exercise of your rights might be subject to certain conditions prescribed by law and we might require further information from you before we can respond to your request.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us at the addresses or e-mail address at the end of the privacy notice.
Correction requests
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate or out of date.
Cookies
This website and learning management system uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of this website and compile reports for us on activity on the website. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website and learning management system, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookes.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website and learning management system features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website and learning management system may contain links to other sites. This privacy policy only applies to this website and learning management system so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policy.
Changes to statement
We may update this privacy statement from time to time and will publish such updated version on our website and learning management system, as appropriate.
Contact details
If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments in relation to your personal data, please:
Send an e-mail to marketing@legal-island.com
Send a letter to Legal-Island:
Antrim Office:
Legal-Island, Island House, 5 Steeple Road, Antrim, BT41 1DN
Dublin Office:
Legal-Island, 6-9 Trinity Street, Dublin 2
Call our:
Antrim Office: 028 9446 3888
Dublin Office: +353 (0)1 401 3874