http://www.pikapp.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Pi Kappa Phi’s Statement on Privacy Protection
Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity values the privacy of our members, friends and donors. As such, we’ve placed limits on who may be able to receive your contact information and the ways in which it can be accessed. Should you choose for your information to be shared, you may opt out by completing the Update Your Information form, which contains options on what information you care to receive. Only those in the following categories are permitted to receive your contact information, unless you choose to opt out.
Alumni of your chapter, either as leaders within an active alumni chapter or housing corporation, or as members of your pledge class / time as an undergraduate.
The Archon or Historian of your student chapter, with the approval of the Chapter
Members of Pi Alpha events that you have completed.
Any anyone requesting an alumni list must fill out the online request form and sign off on Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity’s data privacy policy as seen below:
Pi Kappa Phi alumni mailing lists are for the exclusive use of volunteers and alumni organizations for the sole purpose of updating membership rosters and/or for the distribution of chapter newsletters and other records, contacting alumni by mail or email regarding chapter anniversary or reunion events (i.e. homecoming, parents weekend, chapter anniversary, etc.)
It is expressly understood that alumni lists contain personal and proprietary information and are not to be sold or given to any outside agency, individual or business for the purposes of solicitation or telemarketing.  Such action is a violation of federal privacy laws and is subject to prosecution.  By requesting and receiving an alumni list you accept and agree to these terms and conditions and understand that violation of the same will not be tolerated and may result in disciplinary action to you and your chapter.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the protection of private information, please contact Alumni Services.