https://www.butterflieschildrights.org/privacy-policy
About Us
Our Programmes
Join Us
Careers
Partner With Us
Volunteering & Internship
News & Events
Resource Centre
Annual Reports
IEC Material
Publications
Research Papers
Capacity Building
News Bulletins
Donate
News & Announcements:
Caring for Boys Affected by Sexual Violence -A Study
Caring for Boys Affected by Sexual Violence - -A Study - Please subscribe below to get..
Guidelines on Childrens Reintegration
Guidelines on Childrens Reintegration - -A framework for anyone seeking to ensure family..
Children and Crime in India – Causes, Narratives and Interventions
This is the final work on a study conducted with children in conflict with law. Published..
Butterflies receives the
International Cooperative Innovation Award 2020
The Butterflies Family is delighted to share that our Founder Rita Panicker was presented..
SPREAD HOPE, FOUGHT HUNGER & COVID TOGETHER- Butterflies Covid Relief
..
Our Approach
Volunteer/Intern
Partner with us
Touching Lives
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Butterflies is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the highest consumer protection standards and any personal information that you may provide to us about yourself (“Personal Information”) on this website (www.butterflieschildrights.org). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” shall mean any information that can be linked to a specific individual including without limitation, information such as name, address, contact number, e-mail address. The information requested is for the sole purpose of database. It will be kept confidential and no commercial use is intended.
Credit Card Details
You agree, understand and confirm that the credit card details provided by you to donate to Butterflies will be correct and accurate and you shall not use the credit card which is not lawfully owned by you. I.e. in a credit card transaction, you must use your own credit card. You further agree and undertake to provide the correct and valid credit card details to Butterflies. Further the said information will not be utilized and shared by Butterflies with any of the third parties unless required by law, regulation or court order. Butterflies will not be liable for any credit card fraud. The liability for use of a card fraudulently will be on you and the onus to ‘prove otherwise’ shall be exclusively on you.
Electronic Communications
When you visit the Site or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Share this...emailFacebookTwitter
Top
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+Reset font size
Colors
Choose color
Black
Red
White
Blue
Clear cookies
Close