http://www.harlowlawfirm.com/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Privacy Policy
www.harlowlawfirm.com is committed to protecting the rights of all visitors to www.harlowlawfirm.com. We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and have created this privacy statement to share our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Information Collection and Use
We will protect your information, and will not release your name, email address or other personal information to any advertiser, merchant, or other third parties not related to www.harlowlawfirm.com without your permission. We will not give, sell, share, rent, or trade information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. www.harlowlawfirm.com stores its records in the United States. www.harlowlawfirm.com is the owner of the information collected on this website.
Links to Other Sites
The www.harlowlawfirm.com website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. When leaving our website, be sure to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information. Our privacy statement applies solely to information collected on the www.harlowlawfirm.com website.
Security
www.harlowlawfirm.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of customer information stored on our systems. We use industry standard procedures and processes, such as firewalls, encryption, token authentication, application proxies, and monitoring technology to track abuse of our network and its data. When you submit information about yourself to www.harlowlawfirm.com over the internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the control of www.harlowlawfirm.com. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate and typical physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. All employees, contractors and other companies engaged by www.harlowlawfirm.com for work that involves access to personal information are contractually required to keep the information confidential and not to use it in any way other than what is necessary to perform their work for www.harlowlawfirm.com.
Cookies
The useof cookies is an industry standard, and most websites use them to provide useful features for you, such as saving your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit a website. www.harlowlawfirm.com may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, for statistical purposes, or to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Most internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can set your internet browser to refuse cookies, but you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do.
IP Address
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet. All computer identification on the internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Your IP address does not contain your name but does provide additional demographic information. www.harlowlawfirm.com does not release IP addresses to advertisers or third parties. We use your IP address to help diagnose or detect problems with our server, for security reasons, to conduct system administration and site analysis, and to administer our website. Any demographic information collected from your IP address is separated from your name and email address to protect your privacy.
Notification of Changes to the Privacy Policy
The www.harlowlawfirm.com privacy policy may be updated to increase our users' privacy protection or to improve our information practices. If there are changes made in the future, the changes will not affect information already collected. Any changes to the www.harlowlawfirm.com privacy policy will be available on this page for users to review.
Home
Firm Overview
AttorneysA.E. (Rusty) Harlow, Jr.
Kathi C. Wilson
Morgan Kay Jackson
Practice AreasFamily LawDivorce
Child Custody & Visitation
Adoption
Termination of Parental Rights
Divorce Information (Non-Community Property)
Personal InjuryCar Accidents
Motor Vehicle Accident Information
Personal Injury/Wrongful Death FAQ
BankruptcyChapter 7
Chapter 13
Stopping Foreclosure
Stopping Garnishment
Criminal Defense
SSI Disability
Wills and Estate
Real Estate Closing
Wrongful Death
Medical Malpractice
Resources
Client Forms
Contact Us
Office Location
Harlow Law Firm
850 Lakeview Drive
Grenada, MS 38901
Map & Directions
Phone: 662-226-7215
Fax: 662-226-2932
Practice areas
Family law
Personal injury
Bankruptcy
Criminal defense
SSI disability
Wills and Estate
Real Estate Closing
Wrongful Death
Medical Malpractice
FacebookLinkedIn
Web design and hosting by U.S.NEXT