http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1995/03.95
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755 9021
March 1995
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
Contributing Editor: Colin Crawford, Instructor, Brooklyn Law
School
Contributing Writers: Monica Barrett, Esq., New York; Otis Damslet,
Esq., New York; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb, Esq.,
New York; Michael S. Ryan, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams, Esq.,
Boston; Robin Miller, Esq., Seattle; Paul Twarog, Student, New
York; Robert Bourguignon, Student, Brooklyn; Philip Friedman,
Student, Brooklyn; Clarice B. Rabinowitz, Student, Brooklyn;
Klayton Fennell, Student, Florida.
Circulation: Audrey Hartmann, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118.
(C) 1995 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$30/yr by subscription (Foreign Rate US$35)
SUPREME COURT WILL HEAR COLORADO APPEAL ON AMENDMENT
The United States Supreme Court announced Feb. 21 that it had
granted a writ of certiorari filed by Roy Romer, Governor of
Colorado, to review the Colorado Supreme Court's decision in Evans
v. Romer, 882 P.2d 1335 (1994), holding unconstitutional Amendment
2, an anti-gay ballot initiative passed by Colorado voters in 1992.
At the same time, the Court granted motions by the Family Defense
Council and Colorado for Family Values to filed amicus briefs in
the case, supporting Romer's contention that Amendment 2 is
constitutional.
Romer v. Evans, No. 94-1039 (see 63 USLW 3609).
If the Court affirms the decision below, it could put an end to the
anti-gay initiative strategy pioneered anti-gay groups in Oregon
and Colorado and exported to dozens of other state and local
jurisdictions.
If the Court reverses, the lesbian and gay rights
movement will undoubtedly confront an escalation of such ballot
measures.
The argument will be held during the Court's Fall 1995
Term, which begins in October, on the following question:
Does a popularly enacted state constitutional amendment
precluding special state or local legal protecitons for
homosexuals and bisexuals violate fundamental right of
independently identifiable, yet non-suspect, classes to
seek such special protections?
Amendment 2, which was passed by a decisive margin at the general
election in November 1992, invalidated existing sexual orientation
discrimination ordinances in several Colorado municipalities, as
well as invalidating a sexual orientation executive order by
Governor Romer and various other non-discrimination policies that
had been adopted administratively by state and local officials and
agencies, to the extent that they prohibited discrimination against
lesbian, gay or bisexual people.
In addition, the measure
prohibited the state or any of its subdivisions from adopting any
policy that would provide protection against discrimination to
lesbians, gay men or bisexuals.
A coalition of plaintiffs obtained
a court order staying Amendment 2 from going into effect, and
successfully litigated against its constitutionality in the
Colorado courts.
In its opinion issued on October 11, the Colorado Supreme Court
found that Amendment 2 violated the Equal Protection Clause of the
14th Amendment by depriving an identifiable group of citizens of an
equal right to access the normal political process in pursuit of
civil rights protection, which the court identified as a
"fundamental right."
An earlier decision, reported at 854 P.2d
1270 (1993), which the U.S. Supreme Court had refused to review,
the Colorado court adopted this "equal right to participate in the
political process theory" in preference to the theory adopted by
the trial judge, who had preliminarily ruled that Amendment 2
violated the constitution by enacting as government policy the
anti-gay prejudices of private citizens.
In adopting the equal
access theory, the Colorado Supreme Court relied on a line of U.S.
Supreme Court cases invalidating various state and local initiative
measures that had barred legislative bodies from passing a variety
of civil rights measures.
In its 1993 decision, the Colorado court
remanded the case for trial to determine whether Amendment 2 would
withstand strict scrutiny.
On remand, the trial judge ruled that none of the state's asserted
policy justifications for Amendment 2 withstood strict scrutiny,
either because they did not constitute compelling state interests,
or because Amendment 2 was not sufficiently narrow in its effect to
achieve the asserted interests without unnecessarily abridging the
rights of lesbian, gay or bisexual Coloradans.
The Colorado
Supreme Court affirmed this conclusion, one judge dissenting, and
permanently enjoined Amendment 2 from going into effect.
Prior to this ruling, and in partial reliance on the earlier
Colorado decisions, the U.S. District Court in Cincinnati ruled in
Equality Foundation of Greater Cincinnati, Inc. v. City of
Cincinnati, 860 F.Supp. 417 (S.D.Ohio, Aug. 9, 1994), that a
similar local initiative was unconstitutional.
However, the
federal district court alternatively relied on an analysis that
premised heightened scrutiny on sexual orientation being a quasi-
suspect classification, an issue that the Colorado Supreme Court
did not decide because the trial court had decided the issue
against the plaintiffs, who did not appeal as to that question.
However, during the Colorado trial on the merits, the plaintiffs
presented evidence to create a record on the suspect classification
issue, so that there would be a factual basis for its discussion
should the case get to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The city of
Cincinnati appealed the federal district court's ruling to the 6th
Circuit Court of Appeals, where oral argument is scheduled for
March 7 (incidentally, the same day that an anti-gay initiative
vote will be held in a special election in Tampa, Florida).
The opponents of Amendment 2 are represented by a coalition of
volunteer lawyers from Colorado and attorneys with Lambda Legal
Defense & Education Fund and the ACLU Lesbian and Gay Rights
Project.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court Holds On To Parade Case
On Jan. 6, the U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari in Hurley v.
Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston, 115 S.Ct.
714 (No. 94-749), appealing 636 N.E.2d 1293 (Mass. 1994),
presenting the question whether the South Boston Allied War
Veterans Council, operators of the annual St. Patrick's
Day/Evacuation Day Parade in South Boston, must comply with a court
order to allow the Irish-American gay group to march under its own
banner in the annual parade.
Shortly after the grant of certiorari
was announced, U.S. District Judge Mark Wolfe ruled in a separate
proceeding that the proposed 1995 parade was distinguishable from
the 1994 parade at issue in the Hurley case, because the organizers
had incorporated a protest against the prior court decision into
its parade; finding that now the parade had an expressive purpose,
Wolfe ordered the city to give the Veterans group a permit for the
1995 parade and allow them to exclude the gay group.
Reacting to
Wolfe's decision, attorneys for the Irish-American gay group
contacted the Supreme Court and suggested that the Hurley appeal be
dismissed as moot.
On Feb. 21, the Court issued a terse, one-line
response: "Respondents' suggestion of mootness is rejected."
So
the case goes forward, at least for now.
A.S.L.
Tennessee Judge Rules on the Merits Against Anti-Gay Sodomy Law
On Feb. 2, Judge Walter C. Kurtz of the Tennessee Fifth Circuit
Court, Davidson County, issued an Order declaring Tenn. C.A.  39-
13-510 unconstitutional under the state constitution's right of
privacy, granting a motion for summary judgment filed by the
plaintiffs.
Campbell v. Sundquist, No. 93C-1547.
The statute
reads: "Homosexual acts. - It is a Class C misdemeanor for any
person to engage in consensual sexual penetration, as defined in 
39-13-501(7), with a person of the same gender."
The referenced
section covers "sexual intercourse, cunnilingus, fellatio, anal
intercourse, or any other intrusion, however slight, of any part of
a person's body or of any object into the genital or anal openings
of the victim's, the defendant's, or any other person's body, but
emission of semen is not required."
Judge Kurtz previously denied the defendants' motion for summary
judgment on Dec. 7, and referred to the earlier decision for the
bulk of his constitutional analysis.
The brief opinion issued Feb.
2 was devoted largely to rejecting the feeble case made by the
state to justify its same-sex sodomy law, in light of the
constitutional interests previously identified by the court.
The
state sought to defend the statute without any expert witnesses,
arguing that it would make its case through cross-examination of
the plaintiff's experts.
This was insufficient for Kurtz, who
found that "the State's decision not to present expert witnesses at
trial indicates its inability to carry its burden of showing a
compelling state interest."
Kurtz found "incongruous" the state's
attempt to meet its evidentiary burden by submitting an affidavit
from Dr. Charles Socarides, asserting that "Dr. Socarides' view
that homosexuality is a psychiatric psychopathological condition is
rejected by the psychiatric profession," and commenting further:
"It escapes the Court why this view, which he expounds throughout
the affidavit, is relevant to this case."
The court also found inadmissible several articles that the state
tried to submit as evidence.
Although the court didn't list the
articles in the opinion, one can guess that the name Paul Cameron
probably pops up on the list, since the court then comments that
"showing a connection between male homosexual activity and the
spread of AIDS" does not invalidate the statute, because strict
scrutiny requires that "a law which affects a fundamental right
must be narrowly tailored to meet the proper state interest" and
the statute, by penalizing lesbian sex, was clearly overbroad.
"Secondly," Kurtz observed, "the statute prohibits sex acts between
males which do not significantly contribute to the spread of AIDS."
Kurtz also noted that the state had failed to present any evidence
about the rationale of the legislature in adopting the statute.
Although he said nothing further on the point, it raises a
significant issue.
Prior to Bowers v. Hardwick (1986), Tennessee
had a sodomy law that prohibited all anal or oral intercourse,
regardless of the gender of the participants.
Responding to the
public outcry after Hardwick, the legislature amended the law in
1989 to narrow its prohibition to same-sex couples.
Any evidence
about the legislative history of this recent amendment would show
(if one recalls correctly from newspaper accounts at the time) that
it was adopted in a frenzy of anti-gay rhetoric with no attempt at
documenting any policy justification apart from bias.
Kurtz noted that he had placed "great reliance" on the Kentucky
Supreme Court's decision in Commonwealth v. Wasson, 842 S.W.2d 487
(Ky. 1992), striking down that state's sodomy law, which Kurtz
characterized as having "correctly" found that the state failed to
show a compelling interest in that case.
After declaring the statute unconstitutional, Kurtz declined the
plaintiffs' request to issue an injunction against state officials
barring its enforcement, and commented that in light of his ruling,
"it is unnecessary for the Court to reach the plaintiff's equal
protection claim but this Court would be disinclined to find
homosexuality a suspect classification."
In Wasson, the court had
found that Kentucky's sodomy law also violated equal protection.
As we went to press, the state had not announced a decision on
whether it would appeal, and it was uncertain whether the case
would go directly to the state supreme court or would first have to
go to the court of appeals.
Abby R. Rubenfeld, a prominent Nashville attorney who is a former
co-chair of the National Lesbian and Gay Law Association and former
Legal Director of Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund leads the
volunteer attorney team challenging the statute, with the
assistance of Christine Freeman and Kathleen G. Morris, both of
Nashville.
A.S.L.
California Appeals Court Holds Anti-Gay Sting Violated Equal
Protection
A California appeals court dismissed disorderly conduct charges
resulting from an anti-gay sting operation at an adult bookstore.
Baluyut v. Santa Clara County, 1995 WL
34292 (6th Dist., Jan. 30).
The court held, in an opinion by Judge
Elia, that the police operation resulted from homophobia and thus
violated state and federal equal protection guarantees.
The sting took place at an adult bookstore that contains about 80%
heterosexual materials and 20% homosexual materials.
In 1990,
police received complaints about events in the parking lot behind
the store: sexual acts, a car backing into a fence, and public
urination.
None of the complaints identified the offenders as
homosexuals, but the police responded with a series of undercover
operations aimed at homosexual men.
Typically, an attractive,
casually dressed male police officer would wander around the
parking lot making eye contact with male customers and engaging
them in small talk.
If a customer hinted that he might be
interested in a sexual encounter with the officer, the decoy would
ask for specifics, declining suggestions that they go to a private
home.
"At some point there would be a suggestion that the customer
accompany the decoy to the decoy's car nearby. . .
[A]t the car,
the customer would be arrested for soliciting a lewd act to be
performed in a public place, the car."
The police ignored other
illegal conduct (public urination) in the parking lot, but repeated
the sting operation periodically despite receiving no further
complaints.
Defendants filed a motion to dismiss, contending that
discriminatory enforcement violated their equal protection rights.
The police chief denied that the officers had been discriminating
against gays, adding that the police were trying to serve everyone
in a community "rich in cultural diversity;" the prosecutors argued
that the defendants were not even homosexuals because virtually all
of them claimed to be heterosexuals experimenting.
The trial court
found that the police response to the complaints was motivated by
subconscious homophobia, but not by a specific desire to punish the
defendants for being homosexuals.
Reading appellate precedent to
require an intent to punish the defendants specifically for
protected conduct (e.g., political activity) or group membership,
the trial court denied the defendants' motion, stating that the
matter required the attention of an appellate court with the
authority to elucidate the constitutional principles at issue.
The appellate court noted that soliciting sexual encounters, the
target of the sting, was ubiquitous among heterosexuals in bars and
other establishments.
The officer in charge of the sting testified
that, in twenty-five years of police work, he had never heard of an
arrest for non-commercial heterosexual solicitation.
Arresting
officers said they didn't know that homosexual acts were legal.
Observing the trial court's findings that the police decoys
specifically ensnared petitioners into soliciting public homosexual
acts, the court wrote that "[p]etitioners were deliberately
selected for arrest on an invidious basis for acts which would not
have been detected, prosecuted or even criminal had it not been for
the police conduct."
The court then analyzed discriminatory prosecution precedents.
The
trial court had drawn the "intent to punish" requirement from
People v. Smith, 155 Cal.App.3d 1103 (1984), which in turn applied
Murgia v. Municipal Court, 15 Cal.3d 286 (1975).
Quoting Murgia,
the court wrote, "If an individual can show that he would not have
been prosecuted except for such invidious discrimination against
him, a basic constitutional principle has been violated, and such
a prosecution must collapse upon the sands of prejudice."
The
Murgia court suggested evidence of specific intent as one method of
proof.
Smith had required proof of specific intent because the
defense alleged that the prosecution resulted from the prosecutor's
personal and political motives, which could only be proved with
evidence of his specific intent.
Smith did not add specific intent
as a required element of discriminatory prosecution cases.
Elaborating, the court stated that where the defendants are members
of a group that has been subjected to discriminatory enforcement
over time, statistical evidence of discrimination can establish
invidiousness.
Noting that the
trial court had found the police
department's homophobia "subconscious," the appellate court wrote
that to require conscious intent "would mean that the more deeply
entrenched the bigotry, so that its application to enforcement
decisions is automatic rather than reflective, the less relief a
defendant would be afforded."
The court cited the "pre-Freudian"
case of Yick Wo v. Hopkins, 118 U.S. 356 (1886), which found clear
statistical evidence of racial discrimination in the enforcement of
commercial laundry regulations.
Quoting Yick Wo, the court wrote,
No reason for it is shown, and the conclusion cannot be
resisted, that no reason for it exists except hostility to . . .
the petitioners."
The subsequent case of Hill v. Texas, 316 U.S.
400 (1942), which found that African-Americans had been
impermissibly excluded from juries, reiterated that invidious
intent could be inferred from statistical evidence, despite
decisionmakers' denials of intentional discrimination.
The court conceded that some reasonable degree of selective
enforcement may be necessary, because police resources may not be
capable of apprehending every law-breaker.
The problem with the
bookstore sting was that the selection was based on invidious
discrimination rather than factors relevant to the general public
welfare.
Concluding that the trial court had found the necessary
elements of a prosecution that would not have taken place but for
invidious discrimination, and that no other elements were required,
the appellate court granted the writ and ordered the charges
dismissed.
Judge Bamattre-Manoukian filed a separate opinion concurring with
the reasoning of the court, but dissenting in the result because
she believed the trial court, as trier of fact, had not found proof
that the police intentionally discriminated against the defendants.
Acting Presiding Judge Premo filed a separate concurring opinion to
restate the trial court's findings that the police department's
"method of operation was designed to ferret out homosexuals," the
sting operations "were clearly focused solely upon those persons
with a proclivity to engage in homosexual conduct," and the police
"specifically sought out homosexual suspects."
Premo concluded
that these findings established intentional discrimination. O.R.D.
Minnesota Appeals Court Holds Minneapolis Domestic Partners
Benefits Plan Invalid
The Court of Appeals of Minnesota in Lilly v. Minneapolis, 1995 WL
34048 (Jan. 31) dealt a serious blow when it upheld a lower court's
ruling that permanently enjoined the City of Minneapolis from
providing health insurance benefits for the same sex partners of
city employees.
The court based its decision on a narrow reading
of the Minnesota statute that governs the state's public benefit
plans and held that Minneapolis, a home rule charter city, did not
have the power to expand the list of people who would be considered
dependents of city employees for the purpose of providing health
benefits.
Two years after passing a domestic partnership registration
ordinance, the Minneapolis City Council passed a resolution
authorizing limited reimbursement to city employees for health care
insurance costs for same-sex domestic partners and other qualified
blood relatives.
In 1993 the City Council passed an additional
resolution extending health care coverage for the same-sex domestic
partners of employees and directing that the city seek inclusion of
the term "domestic partner" in state legislation on health care
benefits.
Subsequently, the city contracted with two HMOs to
provide health insurance to same-sex domestic partners beginning
January 1, 1994.
James Lilly, a city resident and taxpayer, sued
to enjoin the city from implementing the resolutions.
The district
court found that the health care coverage for same-sex domestic
partners violated state law and was against state public policy.
In upholding the district court, the court of appeals noted that
the state statute authorizing local legislative bodies, including
the city, to insure employees and their dependents defined
"dependent" as a "spouse and minor unmarried children under the age
of 18 years and dependent students under the age of 25 years
actually dependent upon the employee."
The court found that since
the domestic partners and other relatives defined in the resolution
did not conform to the state statute's definition, the city's
action was beyond its power.
The court found that "the statewide
application of [the statute regarding benefits for public
employees], and the legislature's prior amendments in accordance
with the desires of state political subdivisions, indicates that
the provision of insurance coverage for political subdivisions'
employees and their dependents is a matter of statewide, not purely
local, concern."
The court cited to the legislative history of the sexual
orientation amendment to the Minnesota Human Rights Act in support
of its finding that combating such discrimination was a matter of
statewide concern as well.
According to the court, the legislative
author of the bill pronounced that "(t)here is nothing in here
about the domestic partners benefits.
Nothing that could lead to
it. . ."
Based on this legislative history the court found that
the legislature did not intend to extend health benefits to
employees with same sex domestic partners.
Consequently, the city
could not go beyond its powers and grant such benefits to its
employees.
In a strongly worded dissent, Judge Schumacher asserted that the
"majority's decision erodes the constitutionally recognized
principle of home rule: local governance of areas of local
concern."
Schumacher found no basis for the court's decision to
preempt a home rule charter city's power to provide compensation,
even in the form of health benefits, to its employees.
Since there
was no language in the Minnesota statute that expressly prohibited
the extension of health benefits to same- sex domestic partners of
city employees, and the city's charter contained provisions
regarding compensation of employees, Schumacher considered that the
city was well within its power to extend the health benefits to
domestic partners of city employees under the authority of its home
rule charter.
With regard to the finding that the resolutions infringed state law
or policy concerning discrimination, Schumacher maintained that the
fact that the state legislature did not intend to expand the
definition of dependents was irrelevant.
Unlike the two members of
the majority, Schumacher would have reversed the lower court's
permanent injunction and permitted the City to voluntarily offer
health benefits to the same sex partners of City employees.
M.B.
Other Domestic Partnership Notes
Before leaving office Dec. 31, New York Governor Mario Cuomo's
administration negotiated domestic partnership benefits plans for
union-represented state employees, and extended similar coverage to
non-represented (mainly managerial) employees to be effective Jan.
25.
Cuomo's order resulted in notices being sent to staff
employees of the state Assembly and Senate as well as executive
branch employees, but Cuomo apparently did not consult with state
legislative leaders about the extension of benefits to their
staffs.
On Feb. 6, Republican Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno
sent a notice to the 1,750 employees of the Senate, rescinding
Cuomo's order for those employees.
When questioned by the press,
Bruno stated that the state should not subsidize an "abnormal
lifestyle," leading to protests from lesbian and gay political
leaders.
The Canadian Media Guild has won a ruling from an arbitrator that
the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation must provide health and
pension benefits for same-sex partners of Corporation employees on
the same basis as such benefits are provided for spouses.
The
ruling on a grievance filed on behalf of an Edmonton-based employee
last year is now being studied by CBC leaders to determine whether
an appeal is possible, according to a press release issued on the
Internet by a member of the union, who also noted that Bell Canada,
the Globe and Mail newspaper, and Canadian Press/Broadcast News
have recently announced they will offer domestic partnership
benefits to employees.
Those seeking more information about these
developments can contact Dan Oldfield of the Canadian Media Guild
at 416-591-5333.
Last month we reported on an Alaska trial court decision holding
that the University of Alaska was required to extend benefits to
same-sex partners of employees.
Tumeo and Wattum v. University of
Alaska, No. 4FA-94-43 Civil (Super.Ct., 4th Jud. Dist., Jan. 11)
(see 22 BNA Pension & Benefits Reporter 362).
Judge Mary Green has
since turned down a request for reconsideration by the university,
which filed an appeal to the state's supreme court on Feb. 15.
Plaintiffs Mark Tumeo and Kate Wattum, university employees, have
established a "legal defense fund" to assist in their court battle,
which has already cost them over $9,000 in legal fees.
Donations
to "The Tumeo/Wattum Defense Fund-Acct #42190" are welcome,
addressed to: Northern Schools Federal Credit Union, 1417 Gilliam
Way, Fairbanks, Alaska 99701.
Add to the list of academic institutions now offering domestic
partnership benefits to their staff: Antioch University (a
geographically diverse institution with campuses in Seattle, Los
Angeles, Santa Barbara, New Hampshire, and other places), Brooklyn
Law School.
Staff employees of the American Federation of Teachers
will have domestic partnership benefits under a new collective
bargaining agreement, according to the Washington Blade.
The Washington Blade reports that the Australian Industrial
Relations Commission decided Feb. 3 that gay federal employees
could participate in a family leave program, under which employees
who have health care responsibilities for the family members with
whom they live may use their own sick leave to fulfill those
responsibilities. A.S.L.
New York, Maryland Courts Uphold Unsupervised Visitation for Gay
Dads
In the context of another unhappy Long Island couple landing in
court, Justice Ralph Franco of N.Y. Supreme Court, Nassau county,
ruled that sexual orientation should not deprive a party of
visitation in a divorce and custody proceeding.
Hart v. Hart,
NYLJ, Feb. 8, at 31.
In so ruling, Justice Franco awarded the
defendant-husband liberal, unsupervised visitation.
Mrs. Hart, 44, sought a judgment of divorce on grounds of adultery
and cruel and inhuman treatment.
Mr. Hart, 32, counterclaimed for
divorce on the basis of cruel and inhuman treatment.
Both parties
admitted to a rocky 16 years of marriage, and the court established
that Mr. Hart assaulted Mrs. Hart twice in the final year of their
union.
Mrs. Hart established, and Mr. Hart admitted, that he had
cohabited with two male lovers at separate times in a homosexual
relationship while married to Mrs. Hart, and as the court put it,
"without the consent or forgiveness of the plaintiff," which
constituted adultery.
The court noted that Mrs. Hart had called
Mr. Hart several names, including but not limited to: "[f]aggot,
sissy-mary, adulterer, cheater, moron, idiot, asshole, and piece of
shit."
Further, the court found that on Halloween in 1989, Mrs.
Hart approached Mr. Hart with a knife, causing him to flee the
apartment in fear.
Additionally, the record established that the
plaintiff demeaned her husband over the course of their marriage,
stating at least 75 times that she desired a divorce.
The court found that as a result of this conduct, each party caused
the other sufficient stress to render it unsafe and improper for
them to continue to cohabit.
The parties had one child,
Christopher, born one year prior to their separation.
Both parents
sought custody, and each had no objection to liberal visitation
with the other, except Mrs. Hart sought supervision of defendant's
visitation.
Mrs. Hart had been granted temporary custody of
Christopher after the separation.
Both parties were given a
psychiatric evaluation by the county Probation Department, whose
report the court relied on to conclude that Mrs. Hart should retain
custody.
However, the report also indicated that Mr. Hart's sexual
orientation was not an issue in regard to visitation, and the court
adhered to this in its decision.
Finding that the defendant's
sexual orientation should not deprive him of his right to
visitation, Franco noted that sexual orientation of a party is
relevant, if, and to the extent that the child is thereby affected
or if it has an adverse effect upon the child.
He found that no
evidence was presented that Christopher was being detrimentally
affected by Mr. Hart's homosexuality.
Thus the court awarded the
defendant liberal unsupervised visitation, including overnight
every other weekend, and two weeks in the summer.
Absent from the
agreement was any limitation on whether Mr. Hart can have male
partners over while Christopher is with him, which is sometimes a
part of visitation agreements involving gay parents.
P.T.
In an unrelated, much-publicized case involving visitation rights
for an HIV+ gay father, Prince George's County, Maryland, Circuit
Judge Vincent Femia ruled Feb. 15 that David North may have
unsupervised, overnight visitation of his young daughters (with
North's domestic partner present) every other weekend in North's
home.
In earlier proceedings North's visitation rights had been
restricted, on the ground that North could not be "trusted" with
the children because he had continued to have unprotected sex with
his wife at a time he knew he was HIV+, but the Maryland Court of
Special Appeals had overturned that ruling on October 25, remanding
to the trial court for reconsideration.
(See North v. North, 648
A.2d 1025.) Reporting on the new ruling on Feb. 16, the Washington
Times described Judge Femia as "obviously anguished over his
decision."
North's ex-wife, Kathryn Dionne North, had testified
that she feared that North would place his daughters at risk of
contracting HIV.
A.S.L.
Federal Litigation Notes
In Fox v. Sierra Development Co., 1995 WL 39496 (Jan. 30), U.S.
District Judge Reed (Nevada) held that a complaint alleging that
supervisors wrote, drew, and discussed "homosexual sex acts,
excrement, urine and other topics in a depraved manner" did not
state a hostile environment sexual harassment claim under Title VII
because it lacked allegations that this environment was
discriminatory towards either men or women.
The court initially
found that allegations regarding the behavior directed at gay sex
met the elements for a hostile environment claim under Ellison v.
Brady, 924 F.2d 872 (9th Cir. 1991).
The complaint nevertheless
failed to state a Title VII action because it did not "allege facts
from which men, such as plaintiffs, or women could reasonably
conclude they were being intimated, ridiculed, or insulted because
they were men or women" (relying on Harris v. Forklift Systems,
Inc., 114 S.Ct. 367 (1994) and Meritor Savings Bank v. Vinson, 47
U.S. 57 (1986)).
Indeed, the court refused to determine whether it
was reasonable for these plaintiffs to perceive this environment as
hostile, because they did not allege that they were heterosexual or
were uncomfortable with homosexuality.
Thus, the court found the
homosexual aspect of the allegations irrelevant.
The court
rejected the analogy to successful harassment cases involving
pornographic displays and derogatory language that established
environments hostile to women.
Since the conduct here involved
homosexual pornography which did not treat any of its subjects with
violence, hatred, humiliation, or ridicule as staight,
male-oriented pornography might do, such conduct was not hostile to
men, held the court.
The court even noted a law review article
which presented the argument that "for gay men, pornography becomes
liberating."
However, the court gave leave for the plaintiffs to
amend their complaint before finally dismissing the case.
M.S.R.
Former Ashland, Wisconsin, High School student Jamie Nabozny filed
suit against the Ashland School District in U.S. District Court in
Madison on Feb. 6, claiming that school officials violated his
constitutional rights by failing to deal with anti-gay harassment
he suffered that caused him to drop out of school.
Nabozny claims
that the harassment began after word spread that he had been the
victim of a sexual assault while enrolled in the district's Middle
School; although Nabozny and his parents asked the principal to
take some action, she refused and blamed the problem on Nabozny for
acting "openly gay," according to the complaint.
Nabozny seeks
$350,000 in damages and a court order allowing him to graduate.
(Chicago Tribune, Feb. 9)
A.S.L.
A post-operative female-to-male transsexual filed suit in U.S.
District Court in Phoenix against Arizona Public Service Co. and
its subcontractors, Bechtel Construction Co. and Bartlett Nuclear,
alleging that he was subjected to sexual harassment in violation of
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 while employed at the
Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station.
Seth Dyrcz (formerly Sandy
Dyrcz) described a variety of incidents in his complaint involving
name-calling, staring and offensive comments and graffiti.
Dyrcz
sued after obtaining a right to sue letter from the EEOC, but
discharged his attorney on March 2 and feared the suit might expire
if he could not obtain new counsel quickly.
(Phoenix Gazette, Feb.
7) A.S.L.
State Litigation Notes
The Court of Criminal Appeals of Tennessee held that a defendant
convicted of second degree murder and robbery does not qualify as
a "dangerous offender" for purposes of consecutive sentencing.
In
a slip opinion issued in the case of Farmer v. State, 1995 WL 40286
(Tenn.Crim.App. Feb. 3.), the court described how the victim had
been beaten with a slapjack and his throat was cut after he had
been drinking and watching pornographic films with three
defendants.
Testimony at trial indicated that the victim may have
made homosexual advances to one of the defendants.
The trial court
had imposed the maximum sentences on the defendants because of
"enhancement" factors including the "exceptional cruelty" of the
offense and the "use of a deadly weapon" during its commission.
On
appeal, Judge White agreed with the trial court that these factors
were sufficient to support imposition of the maximum sentences.
However, the appellate court reversed the imposition of consecutive
sentences, finding that the aggravating factors used to impose the
maximum sentence on the defendants were not sufficient to lead to
the conclusion that the defendants had "adopted an anti-societal
lifestyle" or that "the public requires additional protection from
crimes [the defendant] may commit to further that lifestyle."
The
court was persuaded by the defendant's young age and lack of an
extensive criminal record in reaching this conclusion, but also
noted that the trial had not revealed which of the three defendants
had actually killed the victim.
The twenty-five year sentence was
sufficient, in the appellate court's view, to punish the defendant.
R.B.
The N.Y. Appellate Division, 2nd Department, has reversed the
murder convictions in one of the most closely watched gay-bashing
cases in recent New York history, the Julio Rivera case.
In People
v. Bici, 1995 WL 35392 and People v. Brown, 1995 WL 35402, a 4-
judge panel unanimously held Jan. 30 that reversal was mandated,
even though it found that the trial evidence was "legally
sufficient to establish the defendant's guilt beyond a reasonable
doubt," because the trial judge had excluded the public from a
portion of the jury voir dire without explanation, and had sent a
court officer into the jury room with his response to a note from
the jury, without notifying the prosecution or the defense or
allowing them to address the isssues raised by the note.
According
to the New York Times (Feb. 2), the portion of voir dire that was
closed to the public, over vigorous objection by the defense, dealt
with questioning the potential jury's attitudes towards gay people.
The appellate panel found that this closing of voir dire from
public view deprived the defendants of their right to a "public
trial."
The court did reject the defendants' claims of errors in
the grand jury proceedings, and remanded the cases for retrial.
On
Feb. 16, N.Y. Supreme Court Justice Philip J. Chetta denied a
request by Bici and Brown to be released on bail pending the
retrial. (Newday, Feb. 17.)
A.S.L.
In People v. Baker, 1995 WL 41326 (Jan. 31), the N.Y. Appellate
Division, 1st Department, rejected an appeal of a jury verdict in
a robbery case where the defendant protested the prosecutor's use
of peremptory challenges to exclude gays from the jury.
The per
curiam panel held that this objection had not been properly
preserved on appeal and, "in any case, in making a Batson
challenge, counsel fo co-defendant failed to make a prima facie
showing that the prosecutor had systematically excluded jurors in
a discriminatory manner." Lurking in this cryptic treatment of the
issue is the possibility that the New York courts might apply
Batson, the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling that peremptories may not
be used to exclude jurors on the basis of race, to a case where
peremptories are used to exclude jurors on the basis of sexual
orientation.
A.S.L.
The first trial of Marvin McClendon in Jones County, Mississippi,
Circuit Court for the murders of Joseph Shoemake and Robert Walters
was cut short during jury selection over the issue of jurors' moral
views about homosexuality.
A second attempt at jury selection
began on Feb. 7 and the trial concluded on Feb. 9.
Defense
attorney J. Ronald Parrish argued that his client killed the two
gay men in self-defense when they allegedly attempted to force him
to have sex.
Judge Billy Joe Landrum granted Parrish's motion to
have posthumous HIV tests performed on the victims, and at trial
allowed the test results to be entered in evidence.
Shomake was
negative, Walters positive.
Parrish argued that this supported
McClendon's claim that he was defending himself from a deadly
assault, but the jury evidently disbelieved his testimony, because
McClendon was convicted of murder on both counts and sentenced to
life in prison. (Memphis Commercial Appeal, Feb. 7; New York Times,
Feb. 10.)
Attorney Parrish told reporters later that he would
appeal the sentence, and questioned whether one of the jurors "may
have been a person of rather perverse character." (New Orleans
Times Picayune, Feb. 16.)
A.S.L.
The Ohio Attorney General's office has filed suit in Franklin
County Common Pleas Court in Columbus against Phil Burress and
Gilbert Bernhardt, respectively chairman and treasurer of Equal
Rights Not Special Rights, the organization behind Cincinnati's
anti-gay Issue 3.
State v. Burress.
The A.G.'s office seeks a
contempt order against Burress and Bernhardt for refusing to answer
questions posed by the Ohio Elections Commission about the sources
of funding for the campaign in support of the measure.
Allegations
have been made that Ohioans who donated to the group laundered
their donations through Coloradans for Family Values in order to
keep them from being exposed to public scrutiny.
A.S.L.
The Court of Appeals of Virginia held that a bartender at a
restaurant serving a primarily gay clientele may recover workers'
compensation for injuries sustained when a 14 year-old boy fired a
shot into the restaurant, hitting the bartender.
In Bull Ring,
Inc. v. Keppel, 1995 WL 55094 (Va. App., Feb. 7), the injured
bartender had removed a group of boys from the establishment after
they entered for the purpose of harassing the customers on the
basis of their sexual orientation.
The boys later returned and one
fired a shot into the restaurant.
The per curiam opinion affirmed
the finding of the Virginia Workers' Compensation Commission,
deciding that the bartender's injury was "directly related to his
employment."
Since the boys had attacked the restaurant because of
the nature of its clientele, the bartender's injury had "its origin
in a risk connected with his employment" and was therefore
"causally connected to the conditions under which he was required
to work."
R.B.
Tulane law student Donna Bird and her domestic partner, Leslie
Nehring, filed charges with the New Orleans Human Relations
Commission, alleging that The Times Picayune, a daily newspaper,
violated the city's human rights ordinance by refusing to publish
an article about the couple's commitment ceremony, which was held
June 18, 1994, at the First Unitarian Universalist Church, Rev.
Suzanne Meyer presiding.
The newspaper, claiming that its decision
about which stories to report are protected from government
interference by the First Amendment, and that it offered to let the
women purchase a paid advertisement, filed suit in U.S. District
Court seeking an order barring the Commission from investigating
the charge.
On Feb. 16, U.S. District Judge Edith Brown Clement
issued a restraining order, barring the Commission from applying
the ordinance to the newspaper pending a Feb. 24 hearing on the
merits.
The newspaper routinely publishes articles about weddings
without charging for advertising space.
(Times Picayune, Feb. 7,
Feb. 17.)
A.S.L.
Judge Marcy S. Friedman of New York City Civil Court (Housing Part)
issued a stay until July 31, 1995, in a holdover proceeding against
a gay couple.
Mora v. DiBartolo, NYLJ, Feb. 8, p. 27, col. 2
(N.Y.Civ.Ct., N.Y.Co., M. Friedman, J.).
Michael DiBartolo is the
tenant of record in a Manhattan apartment where he lives with his
domestic partner, Lester DeSouza.
Apparently, sometime in 1993,
DiBartolo began paying the rent on the apartment out of a joint
checking account maintained by him and DeSouza rather than out of
his individual account.
The landlord refused to accept rent
payments made from the joint account and refused to issue a renewal
lease in both the men's names when requested to do so by DiBartolo.
DiBartolo and DeSouza subsequently filed a complaint with the City
of New York Commission on Human Rights.
The complaint alleged that
the landlord was discriminating against the couple based on their
sexual orientation by refusing to accept the rent and renew the
lease in both names.
The matter before the Commission is still
pending and a public hearing is scheduled for June 12, 1995.
Shortly after the complaint was filed with the Commission, the
landlord filed a holdover proceeding in Civil Court for "chronic
delinquency."
The petition alleged that proper tender of rent had
not been made and the landlord rightfully refused to accept the
rent because it might have exposed the landlord to a claim by
DeSouza that he had tenancy rights in the apartment.
Judge
Friedman granted the stay in this action, finding that the issue is
not whether there was legal ground for the landlord to refuse to
accept the rent but whether such ground was the ground on which the
landlord acted.
If discrimination can be shown by the Commission's
findings, it may provide an adequate defense to DiBartolo and
DeSouza in this holdover proceeding.
T.V.L.
In Gottlieb v. Caldwell, the New York City Civil Court (Housing
Part) refused to immunize the respondent, a Mr. Carroll, from
eviction from his apartment, finding that he was not a family
member of the legal tenant, Mr. Caldwell (N.Y.L.J. p. 28 col. 6,
Feb. 8, 1995).
Because Carroll was not legally related to
Caldwell, to qualify for family eviction immunity under Rent and
Eviction Regulation  2204.6(d)(1) and (d)(3) he had to prove that
he resided with Caldwell and that they were emotionally and
financially interdependent.
The court held that Carroll did not
sustain his burden of proof and rejected his affirmative defense
that he could not be evicted from a rent-controlled apartment.
Carroll was required to prove: (a) Caldwell had permanently vacated
the apartment; (b) Carroll and Caldwell resided contemporaneously
in the apartment as their primary residence for no less than two
years; and (c) an emotional and financial commitment, and
interdependence existed between Carroll and Caldwell.
Carroll, an
actor in his twenties, asserted that his father-son-like
relationship with Caldwell, a successful businessman in his
fifties, satisfied all the foregoing requirements.
The court found
that although Caldwell had permanently vacated the apartment, he
did not reside there with Carroll during the critical period.
Furthermore, while Carroll had occupied the apartment as his
primary residence during the two years, Caldwell had primarily
resided in East Hampton with his gay life partner.
Caldwell and
Carroll had met when Carroll worked in summer theater in East
Hampton.
At that time, the older, childless man befriended the
younger man and showed him affection much like that demonstrated
between blood relatives.
In determining that Carroll did not have
a sufficient financial and emotional commitment with Caldwell, the
court relied on several factors.
These factors include: (a)
longevity of the relationship; (b) sharing of household expenses;
(c) intermingling of finances; (d) engaging in family-type
activities; (e) formalizing of legal obligations; (f) holding
themselves out as family members; (g) regularly performing family
functions; and (h) engaging in any other pattern of behavior which
evidences the intention of creating a long-term relationship.
Recognizing that there may have been a financial commitment and
some familial affection between Caldwell and Carroll, the court
held that there was no interdependence between them since Carroll
was solely dependent on Caldwell.
Therefore, the court ruled that
Carroll had failed to establish that he was a family member
entitled to protection from eviction.
C.B.R.
Tammy Redstone, a post-operative transsexual employed by Hackensack
Medical Center as a maintenance technician, filed suit in New
Jersey Superior Court in Hackensack seeking an order that the
hospital be required to pay her legal and medical fees for the sex
reassignment operation as well as psychological and gynecological
services she has received.
Debra Guston, former President of LeGal
and Redstone's attorney, argues that Redstone's diagnosis of gender
dysphoria made the various treatments medically necessary, and thus
they should be covered under the hospital's employee benefits plan.
(There are precedents under Medicare for requiring benefits plans
to pay for such treatments.)
(Bergen Record, Feb. 17.) A.S.L.
New York City Human Rights Administrative Law Judge Steven E.
Presberg issued a recommended decision and order on Feb. 15 in the
case of Polster v. American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals, Complaint No. EM02423-02/16/90-DE, finding that "agents
and investigators, who perform law enforcement functions, and who
are armed peace officers, were permitted to carry out a campaign of
harassment and humiliation against Anne Polster because they could
not tolerate having a woman and a lesbian as a co-worker.
Management paid scant attention to the problem, except when the
agents -- the very agents who were behaving unprofessionally and
unlawfully -- filed a grievance against Ms. Polster."
Presberg
found that rather than trying to solve the problem, ASPCA officials
retaliated against Polster, a probationary worker, and discharged
her pretextually.
(Presberg found that the incident that allegedly
led to the discharge was not a credible basis for disciplinary
action against Polster.)
However, Presberg refused to find
personal liability on the part of two officers of ASPCA who were
individually named in the complaint, holding that they were merely
negligent in their supervisory functions.
Presberg recommended a
backpay award plus compensatory damages for mental anguish of
$60,000, affirmative relief requiring ASPCA to upgrade its policies
to prevent sexual harassment in the future, and requiring ASPCA to
offer Polster reinstatement as a probationary employee.
Polster is
represented by Commission attorney Liz Schalet and her private
counsel, Randye F. Bernfeld.
A.S.L.
Legislative & Administrative Notes
The Hawaii Senate voted Feb. 6 to create a new 7-member commission
to study the issue of same-sex couples and marriage.
This
commission, which was expected to be approved by the House, would
replace one that was declared unconstitutional by the federal
district court because of a legislative mandate to provide
representatives from certain specified religious groups.
The new
commission will be appointed by the governor from lists of nominees
prepared by the legislative houses.
Its mission is to make
recommendations for legislation, presumably along the lines of a
domestic partnership statute, which the legislators hope will
somehow forestall a court decision ordering the state to let same-
sex couples marry.
According to a report by Tom Ramsey, secretary
of a Hawaii organization supporting the pending same-sex marriage
litigation, the Senate will not address the issue of same-sex
marriage for the duration of this session.
The trial in Baehr v.
Lewin, the same-sex marriage case, has now been scheduled for
September 25. * * * Meanwhile, anticipating a possible gay victory
in the Hawaii case, legislators in South Dakota and Utah have
introduced bills declaring same-sex marriage violative of their
states' public policy, thus giving their courts an explicit basis
to refuse to apply the Full Faith and Credit Clause to require
recognition of Hawaiian same-sex marriages.
The South Dakota
measure was approved 54-13 in the state House and sent to the
Senate.
The Utah measure has been approved in committee.
In 1980, New York State Attorney General Robert Abrams became one
of the first elected law enforcement officials in the U.S. to issue
an executive order banning sexual orientation discrimination in his
department, and the policy was reaffirmed by his successor, Oliver
Koppell.
In February, New York's new attorney general, Republican
Dennis Vacco, issued his own executive order reiterating the ban
against discrimination, but only for the classifications contained
in the state's Human Rights Law, which does not include sexual
orientation.
Vacco's spokesperson claimed the A.G. felt that his
policy should track the state law, and that Vacco did not consider
sexual orientation to be an issue in his office.
No mention was
made of last year's amendment to the New York Code of Professional
Responsibility by the state's court system, making sexual
orientation discrimination by lawyers an ethical offense; perhaps
Vacco was unaware of it or did not feel bound by its requirements.
Controversial victories in the courts sometimes backfire in the
legislative chambers.
The Washington State House of
Representatives is now considering H.B. 1171, which would forbid
homosexuals, bisexuals, transsexuals, or transvestites from being
adoptive or foster parents, or having any minor children placed
with them by the state in that capacity.
The bill, which is co-
sponsored by sixteen legislators, would require state agencies to
include a "written finding" concerning the sexuality of all
prospective adoptive, foster or placement parents.
The legislation
is apparently a reaction to a case last year in which the courts
upheld the adoption of a minor child by a gay male couple over the
protests of the birth mother, who had initially given up the child
for adoption and subsequently tried -- too late -- to rescind her
action when she learned the child was to be placed with a gay
couple.
* * *
In neighboring British Columbia, the government
changed its adoption rules to allow single adults - including
lesbians and gay men - to adopt children.
Prior policy limited
adoption to married couples. (Seattle Times, Feb. 17.)
Anti-gay bills filed by Senator Jesse Helms (R.-N.C.) in January
have been refiled by Helms in an attempt to get them assigned to
the committee on government operations.
On the House side,
companion bills have been filed by Rep. Robert Dornan (R.-Cal.).
The bills would place substantial barriers in the way of continued
operation of lesbian and gay employee groups in the federal
workforce, and would forbid disciplining federal employees for
taking public positions in opposition to gay rights.
Legislators in Colorado and Virginia rejected an attempt to include
protection from anti-gay violence in pending hate crimes
legislation.
In Texas, the leader of a coalition of conservative
legislators announced he would attempt to remove sexual orientation
from hate crimes legislation that is being redrafted to comply with
the Supreme Court's Wisconsin decision of two years ago. A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
California judges are debating whether being involved in Boy Scouts
activities is consistent with their ethical duties, in light of the
Scouts' anti-gay membership and employment policies.
Although
California Judges Association members voted by secret ballot, 745-
415, against adopting an ethical rule requiring judges to eschew
membership in anti-gay organizations, the courts have adopted a
rule that arguably would apply such a requirement to court clerks.
In Proposition 190, passed by California voters last year, the
responsibility for promulgating the code of ethics for judges was
taken from the Association and given to the state's supreme court,
which is presently considering two cases in which the Scouts are
charged with violating the Unruh Act, California's public
accommodations law.
On Feb. 8, the Los Angeles Times contained
comments by openly gay judges calling for judges who actively
participated in Scouts activities to resign from the bench, and
quoting some of the judges involved in Scouting as firmly refusing
to step down and rejecting criticism of their off-duty activities.
The Lesbian and Gay Immigration Rights Task Force, Inc., a recently
incorporated national not-for-profit organization based in New York
City which has been operating for the past two years under the
guidance of Lambda Legal Defense Fund and the International Lesbian
and Gay Association, announced in a Feb. 8 press release that the
Immigration and Naturalization Service has granted asylum Feb. 7 to
a Nicaraguan gay man on the grounds that he would suffer
persecution for being gay if returned to his country.
The recent
action of the Nicaraguan Supreme Court in upholding sweeping anti-
gay laws passed by the National Assembly in 1992 helped to convince
the INS that the Nicaraguan government would be unwilling or unable
to protect him from anti-gay persecution if he returned.
Before
fleeing the country in 1987, the applicant had been subjected to
police harassment, inappropriate arrest and threats of violence,
and had suffered a brutal beating by anti-gay civilians.
The
applicant was represented on his asylum petition by San Francisco
attorney Robert B. Jobe, who can be contacted at 415-956-5513 for
further information about the case.
Those seeking information
about the Task Force can call 212-802-7264, write P.O. Box 7741,
NY, NY 10116-7741, or e-mail LGIRTF@dorsai.org.
The state of Nebraska has adopted a policy prohibiting placement of
foster children with lesbian or gay parents, or licensing lesbians
or gay men to be foster parents.
State Director of Social Services
Mary Dean Harvey explained the policy in a memorandum issued to
Social Services staff on Jan. 31, which had been approved by
Governor Ben Nelson, according to a report in the New York Times.
* * * In Washington, state legislators are considering a proposal
to prohibit gays from being adoptive or foster parents.
A similar
proposal was contained in a failed initiative attempt last year.
The New York City Board of Education voted 4-3 at the instigation
of Board President Carol Gresser to replace its existing
multicultural curriculum with a new curriculum that deletes
religion and sexual orientation.
Gresser argued that a separate
curriculum on discrimination would adequately deal with these
issues, and that multicultural education should focus solely on
race and ethnicity.
Homosexuality hit the national (and international) headlines big-
time after House of Representatives Majority Leader Richard Armey
(R.-Tex.) referred to openly-gay House member Barney Frank (D.-
Mass.) as "Barney Fag" during a press briefing on Jan. 27.
Armey
later insisted that his slip was unintentional, but has resolutely
refused a direct apology.
Frank pointed out that it was probably
indicative of how some House members refer to him in private, and
thus very revealing of the attitudes.
Frank has become one of the
principal spokespersons for the minority party in the House.
Is this one serious?
An op-ed article published in the Feb. 15 San
Francisco Sentinel cites a 1990 British medical study finding lower
levels of prostate cancer among men aged 60 to 80 who had
ejaculated at least 5 to 7 times a week, either from sexual
intercourse or masturbation, during their most sexually active
years, age 13 through 30 (as compared to an abstemious control
group).
Under the headline "Does masturbation prevent cancer?",
writer Paul Kangas argues that Joycelyn Elders was merely giving
good public health advice when she suggested that perhaps public
school sex education should include instruction in masturbation.
More biology?
A study by researchers at Columbia University
released Jan. 31 showed that exposure in the womb to DES correlates
with lesbianism or bisexuality in women.
So far, most of the
studies suggesting a biological link to homosexual orientation have
dealt solely with gay men.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
We sadly note the death from AIDS of John R. Hammell, a brilliant
attorney who served as director of the ACLU of Illinois's AIDS and
Civil Liberties and Gay and Lesbian Rights Projects from 1988 to
1994.
Hammell successfully litigated precedent-setting cases on
PWA rights under the federal Fair Housing Act and Illinois and
Chicago civil rights laws, and was selected in 1993 as the first
openly gay member of the Illinois Nominating Commission, which
recommends nominees for federal judgeships.
He was a graduate of
Northwestern University and Harvard Law School.
Donations in his
memory can be directed to the Roger Baldwin Foundation of ACLU, 203
N. LaSalle St., Suite 1405, Chicago, IL 60601, earmarked for the
AIDS and Civil Liberties Project.
(Chicago Tribune, Feb. 5).
New York University School of Law held a reception Feb. 21 to
inaugurate the Tom Stoddard Fellowship in its Arthur Garfield Hays
Civil Liberties Program.
The fellowship, which will provide
financial assistance to students pursuing public interest careers,
honors Stoddard for his years of leadership in the lesbian and gay
legal movement.
Honorees at the LeGaL Annual Dinner on March 20 will include: U.S.
District Judge Deborah Batts, former Family Court Judge Karen
Burstein (New York's first openly lesbian or gay candidate for
statewide office last year); Prof. Martin Duberman, Director of the
Center for Lesbian and Gay Studies at City University of New York;
Anita Sher, Director of the New York Office of the Anti-Defamation
League of B'Nai B'Rith; Evan Wolfson, Director of the Lesbian and
Gay Family Project at Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund.
For
information about the dinner, call LeGaL President Aubrey Lees at
212-477-1899.
A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Minnesota Supreme Court Denies Damages In Suit Against HIV+
Gynecologist by Uninfected Patient
The Minnesota Supreme Court further defined when an uninfected
patient may recover tort damages from an HIV+ physician in K.A.C.
v. Benson, 1995 WL 51407 (Feb. 10). The plaintiff claimed of
negligent infliction of emotional distress, intentional infliction
of emotional distress, battery, negligent non-disclosure, and
misrepresentation under the Consumer Fraud Act.
The claims arose
after the plaintiff received a letter from her ob./gyn. stating
that he was HIV+ and suffered from exudative dermatitis (a skin
rash) when he performed two gloved invasive procedures.
The
defendant discovered he was HIV positive in September 1990.
A
month later, he made an agreement with the Minnesota Board of
Medical Examiners that he would wear two pairs of gloves while
treating patients, refrain from surgery, and voluntarily cease from
delivering babies.
After this, the defendant performed two
invasive gynecological exams on the plaintiff.
After the
plaintiff's last exam, the defendant again met with the Med. Board
and entered into a Stipulation and Order, restricting him from
delivering babies, performing surgery, or performing invasive
procedures with a sharp instrument.
The Board and the Dept. of
Health then also decided to notify 336 patients for whom defendant
performed gloved invasive procedures during the time when he
suffered from exudative dermatitis.
The court found that the plaintiff failed to show she was within a
"zone of danger" of physical impact, a necessary element to sustain
a claim of negligent infliction of emotional distress.
The court
stated that a "zone of danger" determination is an objective
determination.
Therefore, since resource materials
suggest that
the type of contact exchanged between the defendant and the
plaintiff would result in only a remote possibility of danger, the
court held that a jury could not find a reasonable anxiety arising
in the plaintiff, with attendant physical manifestation, and also
reasoned that public policy considerations such as the negative
impact a subjective standard would have on the affordability and
availability of medical, dental, and malpractice insurance, medical
and dental care, prescription drugs, and blood products require an
objective rather than a subjective standard.
The court also held that the plaintiff's claim for intentional
infliction of emotional distress could not be sustained because the
plaintiff did not offer evidence that the Dr.'s acts were extreme
and outrageous.
The doctor's cooperation with the Med. Board
evinced the contrary.
The court also held that the plaintiff's battery claim was not
sustainable, since she failed to offer any evidence that she was
actually exposed to HIV.
The court considered whether the claim
should be sustained on grounds that a material aspect of the nature
of the procedure was not disclosed.
However, the court held that
because the defendant's conduct didn't significantly increase the
plaintiff's risk of HIV infection the battery claim could not be
sustained.
Finally, the plaintiff's claim under the Consumer Fraud Act was
also rejected.
The plaintiff asserted that because the doctor
failed to disclose his HIV status he misrepresented his services.
However, in order to sustain the claim a plaintiff has the burden
of showing that she sustained an injury, which she could not do.
A dissent argues that the majority ignored the patient's rights. In
fact, the dissent makes a persuasive argument that the duty
previously attached to a physician by its prior decision in Kiniken
v. Heupel, 305 N.W. 2d 589, 595 (Minn. 1981) was ignored by the
court.
In Kiniken, the court held that a physician must disclose
(1) risks of death or serious bodily harm that are of significant
probability, (2) risks which a skilled practitioner of good
standing in the community would reveal, and (3) risks that a
reasonable physician would think would be of particular
significance to a patient.
In the instant case, the dissent argues
that a reasonable physician would recognize that possible exposure
to the AIDS virus would be of significant importance even if
exposure was limited.
Without this information, the dissent
reasons that a patient may not accurately assess their health care
choices.
Once it is found that a reasonable physician would have
known that the plaintiff attached particular significance to the
risk, the plaintiff must then, according to Kiniken, prove that an
informed and reasonable patient would have opted against the
medical procedure and that the undisclosed risk resulted in harm.
The harm recognized by the dissent in the instant case is emotional
distress.
Thus, the dissent argues that it is a jury question as
to whether the plaintiff consented to the gynecological exams based
on the doctor's misrepresentations. K.F.
Connecticut Supreme Court: No Tort Remedy for AIDS Fear Without HIV
Exposure
Affirming a trial court decision, the Connecticut Supreme Court
ruled 4-1 in Barrett v. Danbury Hospital, 232 Conn. 242, 1995 WL
71525 (Feb. 21), that a hospital patient had no cause of action for
negligence or medical malpractice on the basis of exposure to blood
while lying on an emergency room stretcher.
(The patient did not
become infected as a result of the exposure.)
Finding that the
trial court had erred neither in its rulings on the admissibility
of expert affidavits nor in its finding that there were no issues
of material fact left for determination at trial, the court
concluded on the merits: "The plaintiffs have offered no evidence
whatsoever, beyond mere assertion, to suggest that Barrett was
placed in any risk as a result of the alleged negligence of the
hospital" in a situation where Barrett was lying on an emergency
room stretcher on top of some blood from an undetermined source.
The court relied on prior cases holding that for fear to be
compensable, it must be reasonable under the circumstances.
"Although we do not adopt the `actual exposure' test in this case,
and thereby require the plaintiffs to prove actual exposure to a
disease causing agent in order to maintain their cause of action,
we are convinced that the plaintiffs have not established a case
for emotional distress . . . because they have failed to show any
contact with the blood in the manner that they claimed to have
caused their fear."
In short, there was no credible allegation
that Barrett's contact with the blood on the stretcher was of a
type that could have caused infection.
Justice Berdon dissented, arguing that "this is a simple case of
medical malpractice in which the plaintiff . . . suffered a
physical impact upon his body and contemporaneous emotional
distress.
The law, under such circumstances, has always allowed
such plaintiffs to recover damages for their emotional distress.
Whether there is a rational basis for this claim of damages. . . is
not an issue that is before us on this appeal."
Berdon asserted
that plaintiffs' allegation that Barrett was left lying on "a
hospital stretcher where the cushion was oozing blood" was
sufficient grounding for the emotional distress claim.
A.S.L.
Minnesota Appeals Court Allows Forcible Medication of Mentally Ill
Patient with HIV
The Court of Appeals of Minnesota held that when confronted with
conflicting expert testimony regarding neuroleptic medication
treatment for an HIV-positive patient previously committed as
mentally ill, a trial court's determination will not be overturned
unless clearly erroneous.
In the Matter of Keith Gilbert, 1995 WL
46269 (Feb. 7, 1995).
Gilbert initially refused the medication,
prompting the medical director of the Anoka Metro Regional
Treatment Center, to which Gilbert had been committed, to petition
the court for authorization to administer it.
The unpublished slip
opinion was written by Judge Jack Davies, who once ruled that a
court may not make independent medical determinations unsupported
by the record in approving Karen Thompson's petition to be
appointed legal guardian for her severely disabled lesbian lover,
In Re Guardianship of [Sharon] Kowalski, 478 N.W.2d 790 (Minn. App.
1991).
The medical expert apparently testifying on behalf of the hospital
reported that Gilbert had been diagnosed with schizophrenia and
schizoaffective disorder and therefore recommended "medication,"
but in a "smaller dosage than requested by the hospital."
This
expert further testified that he did not know how the proposed
neuroleptic medication might react with either HIV or other
medications the patient might need to combat it, but that he had
"not heard of any adverse reactions."
He did know, however, that
neuroleptics are prescribed for patients suffering from HIV-induced
dementia, once they become psychotic and delusional.
By contrast,
the court-appointed expert found no evidence of schizophrenic
thinking, recommended far less intrusive means of dealing with any
subsequent "outbursts" by Gilbert, and cautioned that because
patients with HIV-induced brain damage "cannot tolerate medication
well, the neuroleptics, if ordered, should be given in low
dosages."
Judge Davies applied the clearly-erroneous standard of review to
each of the trial court's findings and affirmed.
Gilbert's first
argument, that the diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder was
incorrect, was rejected on the procedural ground that the focus of
the hearing was on treatment and not diagnosis.
Without
elaboration, the court added that the trial court's findings were
supported by the record.
As to Gilbert's second challenge,
involving his not being competent to refuse the medication, the
court applied a three-pronged test, under which Gilbert would have
to prove "(1) an awareness of having a mental disorder; (2)
sufficient knowledge about medication and the mental disorder; and
(3) a refusal that is not based upon delusional beliefs."
The
court noted that "[t]hose advocating the involuntary administration
of neuroleptics need not disprove all three in order to prevail."
Because Gilbert sometimes admitted and sometimes denied that he is
mentally ill, the court suggested that the trial court was correct
to conclude that he had failed the awareness factor.
Second,
because of Gilbert's inconsistent responses with respect to the
potential risks and drawbacks associated with administering the
drug, the court concluded that the trial court was not incorrect in
its conclusion that he did not have sufficient knowledge about the
medication and his disorder.
Finally, the court held that the clear and convincing standard
required to meet the necessary and reasonableness test for
imposition of neuroleptic treatment was satisfied.
"The trial
court was required to make a judgement based upon conflicting
testimony from the mental health experts."
In such cases, the
trial court's evaluation of witness credibility is of "'particular
significance.'"(citing In re Joelson, 385 N.W.2d 810, 811 (Minn.
1986).
Therefore, the appellate court indicated, the trial court's
decision to credit the testimony of one expert who believed in the
benefit of such drugs, but, on the recommendation of another
expert, limiting the permissible dosages because Gilbert is HIV-
positive, was an acceptable compromise.
P.F.
California Appeals Court Imposes Tarasoff Duty on Doctors in HIV
Sexual-Transmission Case
In an opinion by Justice Miriam Vogel, a California Court of Appeal
reversed the dismissal of an HIV+ plaintiff's
negligence claim
against his girlfriend's doctors, holding that the doctors had a
duty, even to an unidentified third party, to take reasonable steps
to protect his safety.
Reisner v. Regents of the University of
California, 1995 WL 29397 (2nd Dist., Jan. 26).
Plaintiff Daniel
Reisner was the boyfriend of Jennifer Lawson, who was a patient of
the defendants at UCLA Medical Center.
During surgery in 1988,
when she was 12, Lawson received a blood transfusion containing HIV
antibodies.
The doctors learned that the blood was tainted the
following day, but told neither Lawson nor her parents.
Approximately 3 years later, Lawson began dating Reisner, with whom
she eventually had sex.
Lawson learned she had AIDS in 1990 and
informed Reisner that he was at risk.
Lawson died a month later
and Reisner learned he was HIV+.
The court based its finding of a duty between the defendants and
Reisner on Tarasoff v. Regents of the Univ. of Calif., 17 Cal. 3d
425 (1976), which held that a doctor has a duty to take "steps . .
. necessary under the circumstances<170) to protect third parties
from injury, and Myers v. Quesenberry, 144 Cal. App. 3d 888 (1983),
which held that doctors who allowed a distraught diabetic patient
to drive could be liable to foreseeable though not readily
identifiable third parties injured when the patient crashed her
car.
The court held that a warning to Lawson or her parents would
have been a reasonable step for the doctors to take with regard to
their duty to Reisner, and other third parties.
The holding is
therefore relative narrow in that it explicitly rejects the notion
that the defendants' duty would require them to seek out and warn
unknown and unknowable third parties.
Nor will floodgates of
litigation open, the court reasons, because the plaintiff carries
a heavy burden in showing causation.
(Here, Reisner would have to
show that a warning to Lawson would have been transmitted to him,
that he would have abstained from sex with Lawson and that he could
not have acquired the disease elsewhere.)
Notably, the court avoids two traps: it does not vilify Reisner and
Lawson for being sexually active at a young age, nor does it
demonize people with HIV and AIDS as latter day "Typhoid Marys."
We are not completely out of the woods, however.
The court's
discomfort with writing about sex is apparent in its use of the
euphemism, "becoming intimate."
D.W.
Federal Court Rejects Damage Suit on Safer Sex Education
In Brown v. Hot, Sexy and Safer Productions, Inc., No. 93-11842-REK
(U.S.Dist.Ct., D.Mass., Jan. 19) (not officially published),
District Judge Robert Keeton dismissed a federal damage suit
brought by Chelmsford, Massachusetts, high school students and
their parents asserting constitutional claims against the school,
administrators, teachers, and a contractor (the first-named
defendant) that presented a safer-sex program to an assembly of
students at the high school.
The plaintiffs asserted that this
exposure to sexually explicit materials violated the rights of the
students and of their parents to privacy, due process, equal
protection, and religious freedom.
They also made pendent state
law claims, as to which Keeton didn't rule as a result of
dismissing all the federal claims.
Keeton found that mere exposure on a one-time basis to a safer-sex
demonstration implicated none of the constitutional concerns
asserted by the plaintiffs.
"Parents who send their children to
public schools. . .
daily risk their children's exposure, both
inside and outside the classroom, to ideas and values that the
parents and the children find offensive.
Mere exposure to
offensive ideas. . .
does not support a parent's claim of
violation of rights of substantive due process or free exercise."
Keeton noted that there was an exception to this general principle,
for situations involving strict religious sects, such as the Amish,
but that the exception was not applicable to this case.
Keeton
also found distinguishable the 1993 decision in Alfonso v.
Fernandez, 606 N.Y.S.2d 259 (App.Div., 2nd Dept.), in which a New
York court held that a school condom distribution program without
parental opt-out violated due process, observing that the instant
case merely involved "talk," as opposed to the actual distribution
of devices that would facilitate sexual activity in the New York
case.
Keeton also dismissed as unfounded the assertion that public
schools are supposed to be a safe "emotional harbor" in which
students are not to be exposed to any material they might find
offensive, or that a decision by school administrators to present
a sexually explicit AIDS prevention program is conduct that "shocks
the conscience" and thus creates tort liability.
Keeton rejected the idea that presenting such a program constituted
governmental interference with free exercise of religion by the
children or their parents.
"Government actions that only offend
religious believers, and cast doubt upon the veracity of their
religious beliefs, do not burden religion unless they penalize
faith," he argued.
And he also rejected the argument that the
school had violated Title IX of the Secondary Education Act, which
has been held to reach the issue of sexual harassment in schools,
on some sort of hostile environment theory.
Such a theory would
only support a case alleging an environment hostile to students of
one sex or the other, which clearly was not the case in plaintiff's
complaint.
Keeton dismissed the case conditionally, giving the plaintiffs a
month to file an amended complaint stating valid federal claims
before the dismissal would be final.
Gay & Lesbian Advocates &
Defenders (Boston) appeared on behalf of the safer-sex
organization.
A.S.L.
Minnesota Appeals Court Rules Out Tort Damages For Estate for
Emotional Injuries of Doctor Who Died From AIDS
In Estate of Benson v. Minnesota Board of Medical Practice, 1995 WL
3054 (Minn.App., Jan. 31), the court had to decide whether a cause
of action for invasion of privacy under the Minnesota Government
Data Practices Act survived the claimant's death from AIDS.
The
court ruled that it does not.
Dr. Benson began to notice lesions on his body in June 1990, and
was diagnosed with HIV infection in September.
Benson and the
Board of Medical Practice agreed on certain restrictions to his
practice in February 1991 after the Department received reports
about active dermititis on his hands, and the Board undertook an
epidemiological investigation.
In May, Benson and the board agreed
on further restrictions, including notice to his patients of his
HIV status.
Benson also signed a health data release waiver,
permitting the Board to make public his HIV status, and agreed to
hold press conferences on the matter.
Letters were sent out and
press conferences held in June 1991, and the matter was heavily
covered by the press.
The epidemiological study showed that none
of his patients contracted HIV from him.
The Department of Health
reported the investigation in the New England Journal of Medicine
and in the Department's Disease Control Newsletter, published in
November and December of 1991.
Benson died in September 1992.
His estate sued the Board, the
Department of Health, and the individuals who wrote the published
articles, claiming that their publication violated Benson's
statutory privacy rights and caused him emotional and physical
devastation and professional humiliation and ostracism.
The estate
dismissed the individual defendants prior to the trial court's
entry of summary judgment in favor of the remaining defendants.
The court of appeals ruled that only causes of action for wrongful
death and pecuniary losses to a decedent's estate survive the
decedent.
Because publication occurred prior to death, any injury
was personal to the decedent and not a violation of property
interests under the statute.
The court found that Minnesota does
not alternatively recognize a cause of action for invasion of
privacy as a matter of general tort law, and found no such right in
general law outside Minnesota.
Finally, the court found that the
nature of the damages sought by the estated showed the personal
nature of the alleged injury, noting that actions for emotional
distress are disfavored even when the claimant is alive.
The court
raised the practical concerns of such a lawsuit, stating that this
cause of action would require a jury to speculate on the extent and
nature of the decedent's emotional devastation, humiliation and
ostracism without his presence and testimony at trial.
S.K.
AIDS Federal Litigation Notes
In a non-AIDS-related decision that may prove useful to attorneys
representing PWAs, the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Jan. 18
(Stiltner v. Beretta U.S.A. Corporation, 1995 WL 25643) that an
employer violated ERISA  510 when it conditioned continuation of
a former employee's health insurance benefits on the employee's
waiver of rights in a pending disability insurance proceeding.
Under the employer's health benefit plan, benefits ceased if the
employment terminated.
In this case, the employment had terminated
but the employer had voluntarily continued to provide benefits to
the former employee after he was laid off in a force reduction.
The employee filed suit when the employer sought to condition
continuation of the benefits on the employee dropping a claim for
disability benefits.
In Marcella v. Brandywine Hospital, 1995 WL 60798 (3rd Cir., Feb.
15), the court held that the American Red Cross does not have
governmental immunity shielding it from a jury trial in an HIV
transfusion case from 1985 that it had removed to federal court.
The court noted that it was the first federal appeals court to
address this issue in a published opinion, and the district courts
were divided.
Determination of the issue depended on the degree to
which the Red Cross, a federally-chartered association whose
activities closely coordinate with the government in many respects,
was intended by Congress to be treated like a government agency for
purposes of determining tort liability. In the instant case, the
trial judge had refused a jury demand by the plaintiff on claims
against the Red Cross, and ruled in defendant's favor.
The appeals
court found that the trial record might have supported such a
ruling on the merits, but that a reasonable jury could have come to
a different conclusion on causation, and so the case had to be
remanded for a jury trial.
The court also addressed the issue of
deposing the blood donor (apparently still alive since the 1985
transfusion incident), finding that so long as the donor's
anonymity was preserved, he could be deposed and used as a witness
at trial, since his testimony was directly relevant to the question
of whether the Red Cross's negligence in failing to revise printed
materials used in the blood collection process was the proximate
cause of the plaintiff's injury.
Suggesting how the trial court
might pick a jury in this case, the court opined that prospective
jurors could be shown a photograph of the donor without being told
what the case is about, and anyone who recognized him or lived in
his community could be excluded; the donor would subsequently
testify anonymously.
In R.G.H. v. Abbott Laboratories, 1995 WL 68830 (N.D. Ill., Feb.
16) (not officially published), District Judge Castillo granted a
motion for summary judgment by the defendant employer on claims of
HIV-related discrimination brought by a former research scientist
under the Americans With Disabilities Act.
R.G.H. was infected
with HIV as a result of an accident at work on May 28, 1985.
His
subsequent career at Abbott involved a series of disappointments in
his applications for transfers and promotions.
He filed charges
with the EEOC claiming that most of these disappointments were due
to his HIV status, and subsequently sought to amend his district
court complaint to allege wrongful discharge after Abbott fired him
rather than allow him to return from a medical leave.
The court
found his motion to amend untimely, and granted summary judgment to
Abbott on R.G.H.'s substantive claims under ADA, finding that in
each instance Abbott had a legitimate non-discriminatory reason for
its actions, and that in some instances the persons charged with
discriminating had been unaware of R.G.H.'s HIV status.
In the
course of the decision, Judge Castillo also held that incidents
predating the effective date of the ADA could not be relied upon by
R.G.H. to prove his case.
Judge DuBois of the U.S. District Court in Philadelphia has
approved a settlement in a lawsuit challenging conditions in
prisons operated by the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections,
under which the Department agrees to a major overhaul of its
policies.
Austin v. Pennsylvania Department of Corrections, 1995
WL 65458 (Jan. 17).
A major component of the lawsuit was a
challenge to policies governing HIV+ prisoners.
Under the
settlement, the Department will substantially upgrade its
confidentiality policies, significantly lessen work-assignment
restrictions on HIV+ prisoners, and attempt to negotiate an
agreement with the union representing prison staff that will
significantly reduce staff access to HIV-related information about
prisoners.
Most of the lengthy opinion describing the settlement
is not concerned with HIV-related issues.
The Chicago police department has agreed not to conduct HIV and
AIDS testing of applicants for employment, settling a pending
federal court suit.
Last year, the court refused the city's motion
to dismiss the case.
Doe v. City of Chicago, 1994 WL 654492
(N.D.Ill., Nov. 17, 1994).
The class action was brought by the
ACLU AIDS and Civil Liberties Project's Chicago office.
(Chicago
Tribune, Feb. 15).
A.S.L.
AIDS State Litigation Notes
A Denver, Colorado, jury absolved the blood-banking industry of
negligence in its approach to screening donated blood for HIV
infection in 1983.
Ruling for the defendant American Association
of Blood Banks in an HIV-transfusion suit brought by Joseph and
Barbara Beaton, the jury apparently accepted the argument that the
Association acted with appropriate care in advising its member
blood banks on standards to be followed for collecting blood at a
time when HIV had not been isolated and identified with AIDS.
The
Beatons had previously settled their claims against Belle Bonfils
Memorial Blood Center for an undisclosed amount, in a case that had
already gone to the Colorado Supreme Court on discovery issues.
(See Belle Bonfils Memorial Blood Center v. Denver District Court,
763 P.2d 1003 (Colo. 1988).)
Their attorney indicated that an
appeal of the jury's verdict was likely.
(Rocky Mountain News,
Feb. 9.).
Ruling in a non-AIDS-related case on a point of law that may prove
important for PWA's, the New Jersey Appellate Division held Jan. 31
(Granziel v. City of Plainfield, 1995 WL 44276) that reinstatement
was an appropriate remedy in a disability discrimination case, even
if that meant "bumping" an innocent employee out of a position in
order to re-employ the plaintiff.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Jan.
30 that based on preliminary analysis of data for 1993, AIDS has
become the leading cause of death in the U.S. for persons aged 25
to 44.
AIDS had become the leading cause of death for men in that
age bracket in 1992.
As of 1993 it was the fourth ranking cause of
death among women, although it was first overall for the entire
population in that age bracket.
AIDS is the leading cause of death
for women in that age group, however, in 15 of the 135 largest
cities.
Since the epidemic began, the CDC has counted more than
440,000 cases of AIDS in the U.S., and more than 250,000 AIDS-
attributed deaths.
NY Times, Jan. 31.
Under legislation proposed by Senator Nancy Kassebaum (R-Kan.),
chair of the Senate Committee on Labor and Human Resources, a
variety of federal AIDS and tuberculosis control programs would be
consolidated into a block grant program, leaving to the states the
decision about how to spend AIDS-targeted federal money.
AIDS
Action Council announced Feb. 22 that it had learned of plans to
amend the Ryan White Care Act to condition federal money for local
treatment programs on the requirement that all pregnant women be
tested for HIV.
Cleveland, Ohio, Mayor Michael R. White announced Jan. 28 that the
city would establish a Free Clinic needle exchange program this
spring in response to the AIDS emergency among IV drug users in the
city.
The action came in response to news that the annual number
of newly diagnosed cases among IV drug users had more than doubled
from 1990 to 1994.
(Cleveland Plain Dealer, Jan. 29).
Iowa legislators are considering a measure that would make it
unlawful for an HIV+ person to have sex with anybody without
disclosing their HIV status to their sexual partner.
The Senate
approved the measure 47-0 and it is now before the House, according
to the Washington Blade.
In Michigan, James DeFoy has been
convicted of failing to notify a sexual partner that he was HIV+,
and is appealing to the Court of Appeals.
DeFoy's attorney, Damian
Nunzio, claims that prosecutors were improperly relying on a 1988
statute, and that, in any event, DeFoy's sexual partner was already
HIV-infected when the men met, according to the Blade.
Washington State's openly gay state senator Cal Anderson revealed
that he has AIDS in February, as did Olympic champion diver Greg
Louganis.
The Anderson revelation mainly made a local splash in
Washington, where Anderson has been a prominent member of the
state's House from 1987 until his election to the Senate last year.
The Louganis announcement caused a furor in the sports pages
internationally, accompanied by recollection of an incident during
the 1988 Olympics when Louganis injured himself while diving and
received attention for his bleeding head wound from an ungloved
physician who was unaware of his HIV status.
Louganis notified the
physician subsequently, and he is not infected.
The International
Olympic Committee reiterated that it will not require competitors
to be tested or reveal their HIV status, and follows the practice
of taking appropriate precautions for all blood exposures.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
The 1994 Case Table for Law Notes is in finishing stages of
preparation and will soon be reading for distribution.
Readers who
are interested in receiving a copy should send a stamped, self-
addressed business size envelope to: Law Notes Case Table, LeGaL,
799 Broadway, Room 340, New York, N.Y. 10003.
The envelope should
have at least 55 cents postage affixed.
A call for papers has been issue for the "Legal Queeries"
conference to be held at University of Lancaster, England, on
September 22-24, 1995.
Those interested in presenting a paper at
the conference should send a 100 word synopsis to Leslie Moran,
Department of Law, University of Lancaster, Lancaster LA1 4YN, U.K.
Contributions from legal scholars in other countries are most
welcome.
In addition, Moran is co-editing for publication a series
of essays to be devoted to the topic "The Legalities of Oscar
Wilde."
There is a preliminary commitment for publication of
submitted essays in the first 1996 issue of the journal Law and
Critique, and the potential for subsequent book publication
depending upon interest.
Inquiries and proposals should be sent to
Leslie Moran at the above address.
The spring meeting of the North Carolina Gay & Lesbian Attorneys
will be held April 29.
For information, call John Boddie or Sina
Anahita at 910-379-0079 or write Sharon Thompson, President, at
P.O. Box 2164, Durham, NC 27702.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bainbridge, Stephen M., Student Religious Organizations and
University Policies Against Discrimination on the Basis of Sexual
Orientation: Implications of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act,
21 J. Coll. & Univ. L. 369 (Fall 1994).
Buchanan, Rosemarie, Young, Homeless and Gay, 22 Hum. Rts. No. 1,
42 (Winter 1995).
Cole, David, Playing by Pornography's Rules: The Regulation of
Sexual Expression, 143 U. Pa. L. Rev. 111 (Nov. 1994).
DelGado, Richard and David Yun, The Neoconservative Case Against
Hate-Speech Regulation -- Lively, D'Souza, Gates, Carter and the
Toughlove Crowd, 47 Vanderbilt L. Rev. 1807 (Nov. 1994).
Dolgin, Janet, The `Intent' of Reproduction: Reproductive
Technologies and the Parent-Child Bond, 26 Conn. L. Rev. 1261
(Summer 1994).
Eberle, Edward J., Hate Speech, Offensive Speech, and Public
Discourse in America, 29 Wake Forest L. Rev. 1135 (1994).
Green, Richard, Transsexualism and the Law, 22 Bull. of the Amer.
Acad. Psych. & L. 511 (1994).
Koppelman, Andrew, Why Discrimination Against Lesbians and Gay Men
is Sex Discrimination, 69 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 197 (May 1994).
Laird, Michael J., The Constitutionality of Political Correctness,
16 Communications & the L. No. 3, 43 (Sept. 1994).
Newman, Stephen A., Assessing the Quality of Expert Testimony in
Cases Involving Children, 22 J. Psych. & L. 181 (Summer 1994).
O'Brien, Raymond C., An Analysis of Realistic Due Process Rights of
Children Versus Parents, 26 Conn. L. Rev. 1209 (Summer 1994).
Robson, Ruthann, Third Parties and the Third Sex: Child Custody and
Lesbian Legal Theory, 26 Conn. L. Rev. 1377 (Summer 1994).
Shanley, Mary I., Unwed Fathers' Rights, Adoption, and Sex
Equality: Gender-Neutrality and the Perpetuation of Patriarchy, 95
Col. L. Rev. 60 (Jan. 1995).
Wilcots, Rosalyn L., Employee Discipline for Off-Duty Conduct:
Constitutional Challenges and the Public Policy Exception, 46 Lab.
L. J. 3 (Jan. 1995).
Student Notes & Comments:
Carr, Maureen M., The Effect of Prior Criminal Conduct on the
Admission to Practice Law: The Move to More Flexible Admissions
Standards, 8 Georgetown J. Legal Ethics 367 (Summer 1994).
Selvanera, George, Gays in Private: The Problems With the Privacy
Analysis in Furthering Human Rights, 16 Adelaide L. Rev. 331
(1994).
VanderHeide, Jeanne M., Is "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" Constitutional?
Legislative and Judicial Reform of the Military's Ban on Gay Men
and Lesbians, 40 Wayne L. Rev. 1273 (Spring 1994).
Specially Noted:
You, too, can now own full-text copies of subversive documents
proving that the military ban is irrational.
Homosexuality and the
Military: A Sourcebook of Official, Uncensored U.S. Government
Documents, is published by Diane Publishing Co., 600 Upland Avenue,
Upland, PA 19015 (610-499-7415).
It contains the complete text of
the Crittendon Report (a 1950s internal DoD study), the General
Accounting Office Study commissioned by Congress during its debate
on the ban in 1993, and the Defense Personnel Security Research and
Education Center (PERSEREC) Study of 1991, commissioned by DoD for
its contingency planning in the event the ban is declared
unconstitutional by the courts.
Total cost of this volume: $34.95
plus $4 shipping and handling.
Be the first on your block. . .
A group of lesbian and gay lawyers in Auckland, New Zealand, has
published a legal guide titled "OutLaw: A Guide for Lesbian and Gay
Men in New Zealand."
The Auckland Gay & Lesbian Lawyers Group can
be contacted at P.O. Box 5918, Wellesly Street, Auckland, New
Zealand.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Delaney, Mary Guinn, Migration and Health: Crossing Borders:
HIV/AIDS and Migrant Communities, 22 Migrationworld Magazine No. 5,
31 (1995).
DeWolfe, Ruthanne, The Rights of Non-HIV - and HIV-Positive
Prisoners, 28 Clearinghouse Rev. 1079 (Jan. 1995).
Greenspan, Judy, Struggle for Compassion: The Fight for Quality
Care for Women with AIDS at Central California Women's Facility, 6
Yale J. L. & Feminism 383 (Summer 1994) (introduction followed by
brief statements by five female inmates with AIDS).
Margulies, Peter, Asylum, Intersectionality, and AIDS: Women With
HIV as a Persecuted Social Group, 8 Georgetown Immigration L.J. 512
(1994).
McNutt, Briar, The Under-Enrollment of HIV-Infected Foster Children
in Clinical Trials and Protocols and the Need for Corrective State
Action, 20 Am. J. L. & Med. 231 (1994).
Student Notes & Comments:
Cipriani, Jean Kephart, The Limits of the Autonomy Principle:
Refusal of Life-Sustaining Medical Treatment for Incompetent
Persons, 22 Hofstra L. Rev. 703 (Spring 1994).
EDITOR'S NOTES
All points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing. 