http://www.southeastchristian.org/privacy-policy
Respond and Engage
How Can We Help?
We know that this is a difficult time for many. We want to be here to help you through this challenging season.
I Need...
Help
Prayer
Support
Right now, we are facing more stressors and difficulties than ever. Our staff would love to listen, pray, and help in any way we can.
Call us at: 502.253.8144or
CONTACT US
We firmly believe that prayer changes things. We want to hear about your needs and lift them up in prayer with you.
REQUEST PRAYER
Many of us are facing anxiety, fear, and confusion. God did not make us to walk this journey alone. We are offering a variety of online groups to help support you in this time.
FIND AN ONLINE SUPPORT GROUP
Error
PRIVACY POLICY
Southeast respects your privacy rights. Southeast understands that the Internet and mobile communications can be powerful assets to your spiritual life. At the same time, we strive to respect and protect your privacy. When you are visiting this website or communicating with us by mobile device, we may collect all types of information concerning your viewing patterns, your browser, operating system and IP address, and any personally identifiable information that you provide to us, regardless of whether it is required or not. Personally identifiable information is any information that could reasonably be used to identify you personally. This includes, but is not limited to: name, address, email address, telephone number, zip code, gender, birthday, credit card information and hobbies. In order to provide you with a customized website and to track your viewing patterns, we may place a "cookie" on your computer that allows us to recognize you when you visit our site. For more information about cookies, see below. This policy is a summary of what information Southeast collects and how that information is used.  What type of information does Southeast collect?
Southeast collects two different types of information. One type is voluntary information, which you provide, such as registration information for events, membership information, or shipping and billing information. The other type of information Southeast collects is user information provided by your computer each time you visit this site or by your mobile device when you send us text message requests and we respond to them. The information that Southeast collects helps us to provide information and service to you. We may combine information from other sources with the information that we collect.
What does Southeast do with the information that is collected?
Any information that you provide to Southeast or that is obtained through this website or mobile communications may be used for church purposes. We may disclose your information to companies that provide services for us, to related or affiliated entities or to other sister churches for church purposes, but we will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to commercial entities. Any information that Southeast may disclose to third parties (other than service providers and sister churches) will only be released in the aggregate and will not contain any personally identifiable information. Aggregate information is useful for church statistics and marketing purposes. Southeast will not otherwise disclose your name, address, email address or phone number without your express consent, unless disclosure is necessary to comply with laws or relevant legal proceedings.
Southeast or other sister ministries may offer services to you such as chat rooms, message boards, or other similar discussion forums. Please be aware that any information you divulge in these arenas is deemed public information and is not protected.  						What are cookies and how are they used?
Cookies are bits of computer code that Southeast places on your computer that can be accessed by our computer when you visit this site. Cookies allow us to collect information about you so that your experience on this site will be as customized as possible. Most computers will automatically receive cookies. You can prevent cookies from being placed on your computer by accessing your browser’s preferences menu. We do not use cookies to obtain any personal information about you before or after you leave the Southeast sites.
How does linking to other sites affect my privacy protections?
As a courtesy, Southeast provides links to other sites that are neither owned nor controlled by Southeast. Some of these sites may use the Southeast logo. These third party sites, however, are NOT subject to or bound by the Southeast Privacy Policy. Such third party sites may or may not have their own privacy policies and may or may not collect personal information form you or place cookies on your browser. Southeast is not responsible for the privacy policies or any information collection practices of these sites or any damages resulting therefrom.
How does Southeast protect the security of information collected about me?
The security of the information that you provide to us is very important to us. Consequently, we have taken several measures designed to protect your information. All transactions involving sensitive information, such as your credit/debit card number and expiration date, are conducted using a SSL (Secure Socket Layer) connection. This connection provides increased security to the information as it is transmitted to our website. In the event that our security system is breached, we will attempt to notify you as soon as possible.
Southeast protects the privacy of children.
Southeast is committed to protecting the privacy and safety of children. Southeast does not knowingly accept personally identifiable information from children who are under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If parents choose to grant consent, a parental consent form may be accessed. Simply print and complete the form and mail it to us at the address listed to the left. If you have any questions or concerns about the protection of children’s privacy, or if parents wish to deny consent and request that Southeast delete their child’s information, please contact us.
Southeast reserves the right to change or amend this policy.
This policy is effective as of December 11, 2020. Southeast reserves the right to change, amend, or restate this policy. Therefore, you should revisit this page from time to time to determine the current policy. Southeast will post any substantial changes in this privacy policy at least 30 days prior to implementation of the change. Any information collected under this current policy will remain bound by the terms of this privacy policy. After the changes take effect, all new information collected, if any, will be subject to the revised privacy policy.  						Your affirmative consent to Southeast’s collection and use of personally identifiable information
By using this Southeast website, you are giving us your express consent to use the information that we collect about you in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Questions or concerns?
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact the Communications Director at: Phone: 502-253-8087 Fax: 502-253-8075
61709188.2
Locations
Menu
Plan Your Visit
Blankenbaker
Indiana
Crestwood
Southwest
La Grange
Elizabethtown
River Valley
Chapel in the Woods
Shelby County
Bullitt County
SE Online
SE Multination
SE Beechmont
South Louisville
About
Menu
Mission
What We Believe
Prayer
Leadership
Baptism
Employment
Media
Menu
Sermons
Resources
Stories
Live Stream
Bookstore
Connect
Menu
Starting Point
Events
Groups
Serve
Ministries
Menu
Men
Women
Family
Children
Children
Overview
Camp
Community Engagement
Single
College Age
High School
High School
Overview
Camp
Middle School
Middle School
Overview
Camp
Seniors
Generous Living
Generous Living
Overview
Business Leaders
Foster Care & Adoption
Deaf & Disabilities
Deaf & Disabilities
Overview
Camp
Care
Missions
Sports & Fitness
Awaken Worship
Give
Login to Your Account