http://www.qls.com.au/About_QLS/Site_policies_disclaimers/Terms_of_use
Contact QLS Logon
Search
Home
For the profession
For the community
Becoming a member
Knowledge centre
About QLS
myQLS
Queensland Law Society
Careers at QLS
News & media
Council
Awards
Advertising & sponsorship
Corporate events
Related links & organisations
Site policies & disclaimers
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Copyright
Terms of use
Social media usage
Queensland Law Society Council election
Future Leaders Committee Election
QLS
About QLS
Site policies & disclaimers
Terms of use
Terms of use
Welcome to the Queensland Law Society (QLS) website (the Site) operated by Queensland Law Society Inc (QLS).
The site
Use of this site
Third party content and links
Copyright and Intellectual Property
Contributing content
Collaboration spaces and user submitted content
Liability and indemnity
General
The site
The site provides advanced features for registered users such as commenting on material and engaging in online collaboration.
The Site may consist of information, interactive courseware, opinions, text, graphics, animations, links, audio, video, software, photos, music, sounds, and other material and data provided by QLS, third parties or other users formatted, organised, and collected in a variety of forms including, without limitation, courses, bulletin board postings, chat room discussions, threaded discussions directories, databases, and electronic mail services.
Use of this site
By registering, accessing and using advanced features of the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions and the Participation Rules as amended by QLS from time to time.
Breach of these Terms & Conditions or the Participation Rules may result in your registration and access to the advanced features of the Site being cancelled at the sole discretion of QLS.
These Terms & Conditions must also be read in conjunction with the general Disclaimer and Privacy information of the public aspects of the QLS website (qls.com.au).
You shall be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password(s). You understand that you shall be solely responsible for all information electronically transmitted, or use of any data, information, or services obtained, using your username and password(s).
Third party content and links
The Site may include third party content which is subject to that third party's terms and conditions of use. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting any licence or right for you to use that content.  You should consult the third party’s terms and conditions of use in relation to any third party content.
The Site includes links to third party sites which are not related to QLS and in relation to which QLS has no control or interest.  Links to third party sites do not constitute any endorsement or approval of those sites or of the owners of those sites.
Queensland Law Society is not responsible for the accuracy of information contained on other websites accessed by links from this website and makes no warranties that the information contained on this website or any links from this website are free of infection by computer viruses or other contamination.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
Material appearing on this website is subject to copyright vested in Queensland Law Society or third parties.  All content on this website is protected by Australian and International copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may not do anything which interferes with or breaches those laws or the intellectual property rights in the content.
Visitors to this site may download, display or print a copy of material from this site only for personal, non-commercial use or use within their own organisations provided you do not modify the content in any way (including any copyright notice).   All other use of the site content is not permitted without the copyright or trademark owners’ permission.  Queensland Law Society asserts the right to be recognised as the author of the material and the right to have its material remain unaltered.
Apart from any use as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth), all other rights are reserved.
The Queensland Law Society logo is a trademark of Queensland Law Society. Nothing displayed on the website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use, reproduce or adapt the Queensland Law Society logo without the express written permission of Queensland Law Society.
Requests and inquiries concerning reproduction and rights should be addressed to info@qls.com.au
The site may include third party content which is subject to that third party’s terms and conditions of use.  Nothing on this site should be construed as granting any licence or right for you to use that content.  You should consult the third party’s terms and conditions of use in relation to any third party content.  External site images, if any, used on qls.com.au are used with the permission of the authors of those sites and must not be reproduced without obtaining the permission of the author of those materials.
You must note that the copyright in material appearing on internet sites which are linked from this site vest in the author of that material, or the author's licensee [subject to the operation of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth)]. Queensland Law Society recommends that you refer to the copyright statements at those sites before making use of any material.  Links to third party sites do not constitute any endorsement or approval of those sites of or the owner of those sites.
Contributing content
When you submit content to the Site in any format, including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio, you grant QLS an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty–free, perpetual licence to publish that content on the Site. You acknowledge that content submitted by you will be accessible by the public through the Site.
You agree that QLS can use that content in any way, now and in the future. QLS also reserves the right not to use or publish on the Site content you submit.
You warrant that you have all of the necessary rights, including copyright, in the content you contribute, that your content is not defamatory and that it does not infringe any law. You also warrant that the content you contribute complies with the Participation Rules and any relevant professional obligations.
You waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on the Site.
QLS does not provide any protection as against third parties to the intellectual property in any material submitted.  By submitting material, you warrant that you have all necessary permissions and licences for the use of that material and agree to indemnify QLS against any loss, liability, claim or demand (including legal fees) claimed by any third party arising from a breach of that warranty or these terms and conditions.
Collaboration spaces and user submitted content
You acknowledge that the Site is created, managed, and administered by QLS and provides opportunities for registered users to post comments and collaborate with other users. However, the QLS is not responsible for, or adopts as a statement of its own content posted by other users, such as comments or other material.
You recognise that QLS cannot and does not intend to screen communications in advance, nor does it exercise any control in advance whatsoever over the content of the information passing through the Site submitted by users.  Because the QLS encourages open and candid communication, QLS cannot determine in advance the accuracy or conformance with the Terms and Conditions or the Participation Rules of any content transmitted, posted or available on the Site.
Notwithstanding the above, QLS will monitor the content on the Site from time to time and will remove any content it deems to be inappropriate or unacceptable to protect itself or other users.
Liability and indemnity
QLS does not warrant the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the content on the Site. The content is provided to you “as is” and on an “as available” basis and on the condition that you undertake all responsibility for assessing the accuracy of the content and rely on it at your own risk. All content on the Site may be changed without notice.
QLS will have no responsibility or liability in relation to any loss or damage that you incur, including damage to your software or hardware, arising from your use of or access to this Site.
QLS does not warrant that functions contained in the Site content, such as hyperlinks, will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses, malicious computer code or bugs.
To the extent permitted by law, all other representations, conditions or warranties, whether based in statute, common law or otherwise are excluded. Liability of QLS, for any breach of a term or condition implied by law is limited at QLS’s discretion, to the supply of any service again or the payment for the cost of having any service supplied again.
You indemnify QLS, its Council, directors, officers, employees and agents against any action, claim, loss or expense which it incurs which arises from your use of the Site, including as a result of you submitting content to the Site in any form.
General
These Terms & Condition shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Queensland.
Users will not use this site for any purpose or in any way which is unlawful.
Site Links
Find a solicitor
Find a mediator
Locum register
Ethics centre
Limitation of liability scheme
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Interest rates
Annual Report 2019-20
Practising certificates
Working at QLS
Lexon Insurance Pte Ltd
Trust accounting notification forms
Resources
Newsletters
Proctor
Media releases
Property contracts
Speeches
E-Conveyancing
Contact QLS
179 Ann Street, Brisbane, Qld 4000
1300 367 757
info@qls.com.au
We pay our respects to the Traditional Owners and keepers of this land and acknowledge all elders past, present and future.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Sitemap
Feedback
Privacy
Right to Information
© Queensland Law Society