http://www.macdonaldillig.com/legal/privacy-policy
skip to main content
Who We Are
About MacDonald Illig
Client Focus
How We Help
Our History
Client Testimonials
Commitment to Community
Our Team
Our Services
Client Successes
Resources
Articles & Presentations
Events
News & Client Alerts
MacDonald Illig Coronavirus (COVID-19) Resource Center
Join Us
Why MacDonald Illig
Associates
Summer Associates
Paralegals, Administrative Assistants, & Staff
Contact Us
Judicial Tax Sale
100 State St. Suite 700, Erie, PA 16507
Phone: (814) 870-7600
Fax: (814) 454-4647
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT AND COOKIE POLICYAs professionals engaged in the provision of legal services, MacDonald, Illig, Jones & Britton, LLP ("the Firm") is committed to protecting the privacy of confidential and “Personal Information” (information that directly or indirectly
identifies individuals who may be clients, staff, agents, lawyers, law students, job applicants or others inside or outside the Firm). It has always been and remains the policy of the Firm to comply with the rules of professional conduct, which impose
a duty to preserve and protect confidential client information, upon lawyers and their associated personnel.This Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy (the “Statement”) is based on the privacy and data protection principles common to the countries in which our clients and their businesses are located. We apply it in light of our overarching obligations
to comply with law, to preserve client confidentiality and to represent our clients as effectively as possible within the bounds of the law. This Statement is intended to summarize the Firm’s data protection practices generally, and to advise
our clients, interested law students, job applicants, website visitors, and other third parties about the Firm’s privacy policies that may be applicable to them.This Statement is also specifically addressed to parties outside the Firm who provide Personal Information to the Firm or who visit or use the Firm’s websites, our social media sites, our extranets, as well as email messages that we send to you
that contain a link to this Statement (collectively, the “Internet Services”). This Statement also describes how the Firm collects, processes and discloses Personal Information in connection with the provision of legal services and the
Internet Services.Collection and Use of Personal InformationThe Firm collects Personal Information in the course of providing legal services to clients and as provided by visitors to its website or users of Internet Services. We may also collect Personal Information about you when you interact with us on social
media sites and from other third parties and may also automatically collect information that may contain Personal Information as described below in the cookie policy. We may use that Personal Information where in our legitimate interest to do so for the following purposes:to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiriesto personalize your visit and use of our Internet Services and to assist you while you use those servicesto carry out, monitor and analyze our business or website operationsto conduct our recruiting and selection processto provide you with legal services, if you are or become a client of the Firm, and otherwise deal with you, and administer the matters you instruct us onto contact you (unless you tell us that you prefer us not to) regarding legal or law Firm developments that may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive publications or details of events or seminars that we consider may be of interest
to you, you may do so by clicking on the unsubscribe link in electronic marketing communicationsto enter into or carry out contracts of various kindsto comply with applicable laws, regulations, guidance or professional obligations that we may be subject to, including anti-money laundering requirements. Where Personal Information is necessary for the Firm to carry out its anti-money laundering
checks failure to provide such information may result in the Firm not being able to provide the representation. Confidentiality, Security, and Retention of Personal InformationConsistent with our professional obligations, it has always been the policy of the Firm to exercise the utmost discretion regarding the information our clients entrust to us. We maintain reasonable and appropriate, albeit not infallible, physical, electronic and procedural safeguards intended to maintain the confidentiality of Personal Information, including that provided by a visitor to this website and provided while using
other Internet Services. We do not guarantee that our safeguards will always work.We require consultants, suppliers and vendors to maintain data protections consistent with reasonable and appropriate obligations of data processors, including, where applicable, European Union’s data protection laws and regulations.We may retain information provided by you, including Personal Information, for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, or to achieve the purposes for which the information was originally collected and for the purposes described in the
Statement and in our applicable policies. If you wish to obtain more details on our information practices, please refer to the “Contact Us” section below. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal InformationWe do not disclose any Personal Information to unrelated parties outside of the Firm except in limited circumstances. Such circumstances include disclosures to our agents or data processors or other contractors acting on our behalf and at our direction,
subject to appropriate confidentiality, privacy and information security commitments provided by the receiving party, or where we believe it necessary to provide a service which you have requested, or as permitted or required by law, or as otherwise
authorized or directed by you. Consistent with our professional obligations, we may provide Personal Information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that
the provision of such information is required or permitted by law, such as in connection with the investigation or assertion of our legal defenses or for our compliance matters.Cookie PolicyA cookie is a text file sent by a web server and placed on your computer by your web browser. Cookies can be usefully divided into two different types, session and persistent. Session cookies differ from persistent cookies primarily in that session cookies
are temporary and expire and are normally deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies, in contrast, remain stored on your computer after you close your browser until they are deleted either because they expire or you delete them. The Firm
uses session cookies in connection with its Internet Services, except for Internet Services that require you to log in, such as our client extranets.Cookies are often used in conjunction with other Internet technologies, such as web beacons, to understand behavior on the Internet. For example, the Firm uses cookies in conjunction with web beacons, which are small sections of code that we may place
in our Internet Services to understand the number of unique users that have visited a specific page. Similarly, we may use or receive reporting from tracking scripts that recognize unique cookies issued by another website. These tracking scripts are
not used to gather information on your use of the Internet unrelated to the Firm, and they do not identify you unless you choose to provide Personal Information to the Firm. The Firm’s Internet Services use cookies. The Firm uses session cookies in connection with its Internet Services, specifically for cybersecurity purposes, to provide you with customizations of your experience, such as highlighting your recently
viewed items and tracking your activities on the Internet Services. Although the Firm uses the services of third parties in connection with these cookies, we do not allow the third-party service provider to use Personal Information about the users of our Internet Services. None of these cookies are strictly necessary to access our Internet Services. You may reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to allow your browser to alert you when a cookie is set, however, certain parts of the Internet Services may function differently
and not as well. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our Internet Services will issue cookies when you logon to the Firm’s Internet Services. For more information about how to manage your cookies preferences,
you should use the “help” menu of your web browser or explore the customer support sections of your web browser. Please note that you need to configure each browser on each device that you use if you wish to opt-out or block some or all
cookies. Do Not Track Signals“Do Not Track” signals are options available on your browser to tell operators of websites that you do not wish to have your online activity tracked. Our websites operate no differently if these “Do Not Track” signals are enabled
or disabled. Our Internet Services do not allow any third parties to collect Personal Information about your online activities over time or across websites for their own purposes.ChildrenIn order to respect the privacy of minors, the Firm does not knowingly collect, maintain or process Personal Information submitted online via our Internet Services by anyone under the age of 18. To the extent the Firm collects Personal Information on
minors in the context of one of the purposes mentioned in the Statement, the Firm will only do so with the appropriate consent or as otherwise permitted under applicable laws.Your California Privacy RightsUnder California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California customers are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. The Firm
does not sell or share your Personal Information with third-party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.Your European Union (EU) Data Protection Rights Under EU data protection laws, individuals may have certain data protection rights which may be subject to limitations and/or restrictions and which includes: (i) the right to request access to and, rectification or erasure of your Personal Information;
and (ii) the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information. You may also have a right to object to processing of your Personal Information where carried out for our legitimate interest or direct marketing. To exercise your
rights under this Privacy Policy, please send us your request using the “Contact Us” section below. Individuals may also have a right to lodge a complaint about the processing of their Personal Information with their local data protection authority.ChangesWe reserve the right to change this Statement at any time without advance notice. Should any new policy go into effect for our Internet Services, the Firm will post it on this website and relevant Internet Services.Contact UsIf you have any questions relating to our use of your Personal Information please contact info@mijb.com.
Thomas A.
Pendleton
Partner
Email:tpendleton@mijb.com
Phone:(814) 870-7756
Related Pages
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Scroll to top of page