http://www.baimlaw.com/privacy-policy
Pine Bluff | Hot Springs | El Dorado Call Us: (870) 228-3767
Home
About Us
Kenneth Baim
Kirby Mouser
Diana Turner
Practice Areas
Bankruptcy
Social Security Disability
Accidents
18 wheeler & Commercial Vehicle Crashes
Foreclosure
Nursing Home Neglect
Hip Replacement Recall
Transvaginal Mesh
Zantac
Talc Powder
Belviq
TV Commercials
Resource Links
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?We do not collect information from visitors of our site, except information directly provided by visitors, e.g. for the purpose of registration, making a purchase, signing up for a newsletter, responding to a survey or completing a contact form. How do we protect visitor information?We use Malware Scanning and our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.Third Party DisclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.Third party linksWe do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.Do we use 'cookies'?No. We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.How does our site handle do not track signals?We honor do not track signals and do not track or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.Google PoliciesWe use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:      • Remarketing with Google AdSense      • Google Display Network Impression Reporting      • Demographics and Interests ReportingWe along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.According to the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA ) we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:      • On our Privacy Policy PageUsers are able to change their personal information:      • By emailing usCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#st…Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)We do not specifically market to children under 13. When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify the users via email      • Within 7 business daysWe also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN-SPAM ActWe collect your email address in order to: respond to communication you submit, confirm an order or send a newsletter.The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at blindmartarkansas@gmail.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:The Baim Law Firm301 East Sixth AvenuePine Bluff AR 71601870.534.2941
Download File
The Baim Law Firm Website Disclaimer:The information contained in this website is provided for informational purposes only, and should not be construed as legal advice on any matter. The transmission and receipt of information contained on this Web site, in whole or in part, or communication with The Baim Law Firm via the Internet or e-mail through this website does not constitute or create a lawyer-client relationship between us and any recipient. You should not send us any confidential information in response to this webpage. Such responses will not create a lawyer-client relationship, and whatever you disclose to us will not be privileged or confidential unless we have agreed to act as your legal counsel and you have executed a written engagement agreement with The Baim Law Firm. The material on this website may not reflect the most current legal developments. The content and interpretation of the law addressed herein is subject to revision. We disclaim all liability in respect to actions taken or not taken based on any or all the contents of this site to the fullest extent permitted by law. Do not act or refrain from acting upon this information without seeking professional legal counsel.
About Us We have been providing expert legal advice to clients across the state and regionally for more than 80 years.
Pine Bluff 301 East Sixth AvenuePine Bluff AR 71601(870) 228-3767Toll Free: 800-848-2941
Hot Springs 307 B Carpenter Dam RoadHot Springs AR 71901(501) 609-9800Toll Free: 800-848-2941
All Rights Reserved, 2020. |
Privacy Policy |
Disclaimer
Share by: