https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/privacy-and-security/data-security
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » Tips & Advice » Business Center » Privacy & Security » Data Security
Data Security
Many companies keep sensitive personal information about customers or employees in their files or on their network. Having a sound security plan in place to collect only what you need, keep it safe, and dispose of it securely can help you meet your legal obligations to protect that sensitive data. The FTC has free resources for businesses of any size.
Featured
Stick with Security: A Business Blog Series
Nov 16, 2017
Start with Security: A Guide for Business
Jun 29, 2015
Guidance
Pages1
2
next ›
last »
App Developers: Start with Security
App developers: How does your app size up? Have your built security in from the start? The FTC has a dozen tips to help you develop kick-app security for your product.
Buying or selling debts? Steps for keeping data secure
For debt buyers and sellers, keeping sensitive information secure should be business as usual. The FTC has seven tips for members of the industry to help reduce the risk of unauthorized disclosure.
Careful Connections: Keeping the Internet of Things Secure
Advice for businesses about building and keeping security into products connected to the Internet of Things, including proper authentication and access control, secure data management, and the importance of communicating with users effectively.
Complying with the FTC’s Health Breach Notification Rule
Guidance for business on complying with the FTC’s Health Breach Notification Rule. Who’s covered by the Rule and what companies must do if they experience a breach of personal health records.
Consumer Reports: What Information Furnishers Need to Know
If you report information about consumers to consumer reporting agencies (CRAs) — like a credit bureau, tenant screening company, or check verification service — you have legal obligations under the Fair Credit Reporting Act's Furnisher Rule.
Cybersecurity for Small Business
Learn the basics for protecting your business from cyber attacks. The business cybersecurity resources in this section were developed in partnership with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the U.S. Small Business Administration, and the Department of Homeland Security.
Data Breach Response: A Guide for Business
This guide addresses the steps to take once a breach has occurred. For advice on implementing a plan to protect consumers’ personal information, to prevent breaches and unauthorized access, check out the FTC’s Protecting Personal Information: A Guide for Business and Start with Security: A Guide for Business.
Digital Copier Data Security: A Guide for Businesses
Does your company keep sensitive data — Social Security numbers, credit reports, account numbers, health records, or business secrets? If so, then you’ve probably instituted safeguards to protect that information. Your information security plans also should cover the digital copiers your company uses. If the data on your copiers gets into the wrong hands, it could lead to fraud and identity theft.
Disposing of Consumer Report Information? Rule Tells How
Once your business is finished with sensitive information derived from consumer reports, what happens to it then? Under the Disposal Rule, your company must take steps to dispose of it securely.
Fighting Identity Theft with the Red Flags Rule: A How-To Guide for Business
Tips for organizations under FTC jurisdiction to determine whether they need to design an identity theft prevention program.
Financial Institutions and Customer Information: Complying with the Safeguards Rule
Under the Safeguards Rule, financial institutions must protect the consumer information they collect. Learn if your business is a “financial institution” under the Rule. If so, have you taken the necessary steps to comply?
Health Breach Notification Rule
Under the FTC's Health Breach Notification Rule, companies that have had a security breach must: 1. Notify everyone whose information was breached; 2. In many cases, notify the media; and 3. Notify the FTC.
Medical Identity Theft: FAQs for Health Care Providers and Health Plans
Explains how medical identity theft occurs, and how health care providers and insurers can minimize the risk and help their patients if they’re victimized.
Mobile Health App Developers: FTC Best Practices
When developing a health app, sound privacy and security practices are key to consumer confidence. Here are some best practices to help you build privacy and security into your app. These practices also can help you comply with the FTC Act.
Mobile Health Apps Interactive Tool
You’re developing a health app for mobile devices and you want to know which federal laws apply. Check out this interactive tool.
Peer-to-Peer File Sharing: A Guide for Business
Most businesses collect and store sensitive information about their employees and customers. If you use Peer-to-Peer (P2P) file sharing software in your business, consider the security implications and minimize the risks associated with it.
Protecting Personal Information: A Guide for Business
Practical tips for business on creating and implementing a plan for safeguarding personal information.
Security Check: Reducing Risks to Your Computer Systems
It’s just common sense that any company or organization that collects personal information from customers or employees needs a security plan. Learn more about designing and implementing a plan tailor-made to your business.
Slip Showing? Federal Law Requires All Businesses to Truncate Credit Card Information on Receipts
What’s on the credit and debit card receipts you give your customers?
Under federal law, you must delete the card’s expiration date and shorten the account information to include no more than the last five digits of the card number.
Small Business Computer Security Basics
If you’re running a small business with only a few employees, you’ve learned about a lot of things – accounting, marketing, HR, you name it. And you probably depend on technology, even if it’s only a computer and a phone. You can’t afford to get thrown off-track by a hacker or scammer.
Pages1
2
next ›
last »
Resources
Start with Security: A Guide for Business
When managing your network, developing an app, or even organizing paper files, sound security is no accident. Companies that consider security from the start assess their options and make reasonable choices based on the nature of their business and the sensitivity of the information involved...
Data Breach Response: A Guide for Business
You just learned that your business experienced a data breach. Whether hackers took personal information from your corporate server, an insider stole customer information, or information was inadvertently exposed on your company’s website, you are probably wondering what to do next. What steps...
Related
Zooming in on Zoom’s unfair and deceptive security practices: More about the FTC settlement
Nov 9, 2020
Green lights, red flags, blue lobster: FTC Rules of the Road for Business heads to Cleveland
Oct 19, 2020
The FTC Chairman is not writing to you
Oct 1, 2020
Data to Go is a GO today
Sep 22, 2020
Green Lights & Red Flags: FTC Rules of the Road for Business rocks on in Cleveland
Sep 21, 2020
Legal Resources on Data Security
View All
Cases
Public Events
Reports
Press Releases
Closing Letters
Public Statements
Federal Register Notices
Advocacy Filings
Public Comment Initiatives
Videos
The NIST Cybersecurity Framework and the FTC
Implement Strong Password Policies
Secure Devices and Paper
More Videos
Business Center
Advertising & Marketing
Credit & Finance
Guidance
Privacy & Security
Selected Industries
Protecting Small Businesses
Legal Resources
Business Blog
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC