http://www.tabloidcolumn.com/terms-of-use/
Tabloid Column
HomeAbout UsMobilePrivacyTermsDMCAArchivesArchives IIRSS
Friday December 11, 2020
Home » Terms
Terms
Radok Terms of Use
If you have any questions regarding this Terms of Use Agreement, you are encouraged to immediately contact John Tyler, Online Business Services Manager
at:
Radok Corporation
8655 East Via De Ventura, Suite G200
Scottsdale, Arizona
85258 USA
Telephone (480) 346-1260
Fax Number (480) 657-7140
contact@radok.com
By using this site, you signify your Assent and Agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use the site.
Restricted Use of Materials
Materials in this website are Copyright © 1995-2012 by Radok Corporation (Radok), all rights reserved. Text, graphics, HTML code, and other intellectual property are protected by US and International Copyright Laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published, translated, hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit permission.
Online content, including HTML, graphic images, linked images, copyrighted materials, and trademarks are further protected and monitored for infringement by SourceWatch.
Forum Terms of Usage & Conditions of Service; Discussion Postings
You certify that you are 13 years of age or over. All those individuals under 13 years of age will need a full release form from their parents before posting any messages. This is in compliance with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act of 2000 (COPPA). Also See: Forum Terms.
Nicknames that we feel are inflammatory, vulgar, promotional, or rude will be removed. All groups are moderated for foul language and commercialized promotional posts. Always be respectful of other users, the system, and the moderators. We put the system online in good faith, please use it in good faith.  Any heated discussion(s) must be directed to the TOPIC, not personal to another poster who may have a different opinion than yours.
Be descriptive, specific, and succinct in your postings. This way your opinion and point is clearly understood and referenced.
Links to adult content, pages with links to adult content, near adult content (including model and swimsuit sites), or messages describing anything against the law will be removed as soon as possible. Please keep your language clean and decent. This includes personal inflammatory language as well as obscenities.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
You agree not to hold Radok or its posters liable for anything stated within the forum areas.  We reserve the right to edit any and all content that has been placed on any Radok-owned site.  We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Service from time to time without notice and are retro active.
Content Ownership, License, and Use
Radok warrants, and you accept, that Radok is the owner of the copyright(s) of the online content and Links to resources available from time to time through Radok’s online operations. Radok and its contributors reserve all rights and no intellectual property rights are conferred by this agreement.
Radok grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use information accessible to you subject to these Terms and Conditions. The content may be used only for viewing information or for extracting information to the extent described below.
You agree to use information obtained from Radok’ website(s) only for your own private use or the internal purposes of your home or business, provided that you are not selling or brokering the information, and in no event cause or permit to be published, printed, downloaded, transmitted, distributed, reengineered, or reproduced in any form any part of the databases (whether directly or in condensed, selective or tabulated form) whether for resale, republishing, redistribution, viewing, or otherwise.
You may, however, on an occasional limited basis download or print out individual pages of information which have been individually selected, to meet a specific, identifiable need for information which is for your personal use only, or is for use in your business only internally, on a confidential basis. You may make such limited number of duplicates of any output, both in machine readable or hard-copy form, as may be reasonable for these purposes only. Nothing herein shall authorize you to create any database, directory or hard copy publication of or from the databases, whether for internal or external distribution or use.
Liability
The materials in this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. Radok disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. And although great care is taken to assure proper, safe delivery of its web pages – Radok does not warrant that the content of materials will be uninterrupted or error-free. Radok does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Radok) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Radok be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in these sites, even if Radok or a Radok authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall Radok’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
Facts and information at this website are believed to be accurate at the time they were placed on the website. Changes may be made at any time without prior notice. All data provided on this website is to be used for information purposes only. The information contained on this website and pages within, is not intended to provide specific legal, financial or tax advice, or any other advice, whatsoever, for any individual or company and should not be relied upon in that regard. The products and services described on these websites are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered. Information provided in our websites is not all inclusive, and is limited to information that is made available to Radok and such information, specifications, images, and pricing should not be relied upon as all inclusive or accurate.
Links, Trade Names, and Marks
The owner of this site is not necessarily affiliated with sites which may be linked to this site and is not responsible for their content. The linked sites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Links to other websites or references to products, services or publications other than those of Radok and its subsidiaries and affiliates at this website, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by Radok or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this website may constitute trade names, trademarks or service marks of Radok or of other entities. The display of trademarks on this website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted. Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission, or other copying of modification of trademarks and/or the contents herein may be a violation of federal common law trademark and/or copy laws and could subject the infringing party to legal action.
Limited Use of Subscriptions, Passwords, and Other Private Information
You agree to treat as strictly private and confidential any Subscription Code, username, user ID, or password which you may have received from Radok, and all information to which you have access through password-protected areas of Radok’ websites and will not cause or permit any such information to be communicated, copied or otherwise divulged to any other person whatsoever.
Other Legal Considerations
These Terms of Use will apply to every access to every Radok site currently owned and operated by Radok Corporation.
Radok reserves the right to issue revisions to these Terms of Use by publishing a revised version of this document on this site: that version will then apply to all use by you following the date of publication. Each access of information from Radok will be a separate, discrete transaction based on the then prevailing terms.
These Terms of Use and the license granted may not be assigned or sublet by You without Radok’s written consent in advance.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona, County of Maricopa, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such State and County. Any action you bring to enforce this agreement or any matters related to this site shall be brought in either the State or Federal Courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona. If any provision of this agreement is void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.
Termination
This Terms of Use Agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all materials obtained from any and all Radok website(s) and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise. This agreement will terminate immediately without notice at Radok’s sole discretion, should you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site and any and all other Radok website(s) and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise.
For more information refer to our Privacy Policy.
About Tabloid Column For more than a decade, Tabloid Column has been delivering the most sensational, outrageous - and just plain silly - daily news headlines on the Internet!  More…
WordThink Daily Word
WordThink provides you a daily reminder to use persuasive new words every day.
More…
Eduro Daily Quote
Eduro provides daily quotes that are inspirational, motivating, and
thought-provoking. More…
Tabloid Categories
Amusing
Aviation
Business
Celebrities
Cool
Crime
Energy
Entertainment
Health
Hero
Interesting
Internet
Ironic
Law
Moron
News
Obvious
Outrageous
Politics
Sad
Scandal
Scary
Shocking
Sports
Strange
Travel
Worth a Look
Tabloid Mobile
Best Video Clips
Sterling Jewelry
Online Shopping
Server Consulting
Website Protection
Scottsdale City Guide
Chicago City Guide
Italian Recipes
CM2 Pizzeria
Homemade Pizzas
Technology News
Sports
Baseball News
Basketball News
Fishing News
Football News
Golf News
Hockey News
Hunting News
Racing News
Sailing News
Soccer News
Ski News
Tennis News
Feature Articles
Life Begins After 50
Packaging scams
Andy Griffith Show
Just for Fun
Today's Word of The Day
ItalyMax Gourmet Italian Recipes
Largest Easter Egg
Tabloid News Quiz
WTC Folding $20
Honda TV Commercial
Aircraft Nose Art
Broken VCR Clock
Longest Domain
Archives
Select Month
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
July 2010
March 2010
0
Tabloid Column is Copyright © 1998-2018 by Radok Corporation.All Rights Reserved. Website Protection by SourceWatch.