http://www.lenzstaehelin.com/en/practices-sectors/sectors/data-protection-and-privacy
Data Protection and Privacy
Home
Practices & Sectors
Sectors
Data Protection and Privacy
As experts in information management compliance, we have a proven track record of advising on complex projects and privacy issues.
We provide businesses with full service data protection and privacy advice across all industry sectors. Our expertise includes professional and banking secrecy, privilege (legal and non-legal) and related areas of confidentiality obligations ensuring a comprehensive view of information management issues and risk mitigation.
As experts in information management compliance, we have a proven track record of advising on complex, multi-jurisdictional projects and the full range of domestic, international and cross-border privacy issues. The team has developed strong links with regulators with insights into likely future regulatory developments.
Our data protection and privacy specialists comprise experienced lawyers from a range of disciplines, including regulatory, corporate, IP, employment, and business & technology sourcing. We closely work with multinationals to help them comply with data privacy and security regulatory obligations, and to develop practical cross-border data transfer solutions. We carry out cross-border data privacy surveys, both to review existing processes and procedures, and to help set up new ventures. We have significant experience in designing, drafting, reviewing and updating general corporate group and HR policies, and we provide support in particular with whistle-blowing, employee telephone, internet and email use, customer data, cross-border data transfers and data protection consents.
Given the overlap and convergence with the technology, media and telecoms sectors, our data protection and privacy specialists work closely with our multi-disciplinary TMT and Outsourcing practice.
Activities include: Big data Convergence Data breach and cybercrime Data security E-commerce Enterprise content management (ECM) Global data transfer solutions Government and law enforcement data requests ICT contracts and projects Information governance and records management Litigation and e-discovery Online services Outsourcing and HR solutions Performance marketing Security policies and bring your own device (BYOD) Social media
Main contacts
Rayan Houdrouge
Partner Geneva
Lukas Morscher
Partner Zurich
François Rayroux
Partner Geneva
Jürg Simon
Partner Zurich
Guy Vermeil
Partner Geneva