http://www.inwes.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
INWES is a global network of organizations of women in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM), reaching over 60 countries worldwide. INWES is a not-for-profit corporation governed by a Board of Directors. Our website address is: http://www.inwes.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Membership
INWES is a membership organisation. This means we collect and store data on each member including:
Email address
Your name and prefix
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City, Country
Your employment/study status and other information to support identifying your interest in INWES
Personal Data: INWES will NEVER share the data that our members, past members or applicants for membership have provided to INWES  with any third parties.
INWES stores data on lapsed members unless requested not to.
To request your data to be deleted or to request a copy of all your data, please contact membership@inwes.org
Using the website
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Data given on contact forms is stored for one year.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
INWES will not share any data with any third parties.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
See above for membership data.
What rights you have over your data
If you are or have been a member or have ever aplied for membership or you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
Then INWES Policies include policies dealing with conduct, ethics and confidentiality of information. These include procedures to manage misuse of data.
What third parties we receive data from
INWES does not receive any data from any third parties.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with your data
INWES does not do any automated decision-making or profiling with member or user data.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
To be confirmed.
Tweet
Go Top