http://www.dallasretirementvillage.com/privacy-policy/
TextSize
+
–
Dallas Retirement Village Online Privacy Policy
Overview
Dallas Retirement Village is serious about protecting your privacy. We understand your concerns regarding how information about and from you is used and shared, and we assure you that we use the utmost care.
In this Privacy Policy, “you” refers to an individual accessing the website, regardless of the particular features, materials, information, applications or services made available on the website that the individual chooses to browse, use or take advantage of. Any reference to “we,” “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy refers to Dallas Retirement Village.
By accessing or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and consent to our privacy practices, and to the use and disclosure of information we collect about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form through our site.
When filling out a form on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and other personally identifiable information.
We may collect and process information about your actual location based on your IP address, Wi-Fi access points and other geo-location technologies. We use this information to personalize your website experience.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How do we use your information?
We will not rent, sell or exchange your personal information with any third parties for their own marketing purposes. The information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website, including its security. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from visitors.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails.
To consider you for residency or employment.
We will only use the email address you provide to send you information and updates relevant to your request or inquiry.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small data files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow). They enable the site or service provider’s system to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to tailor your visits to the site to your individual preferences, and to collect aggregate data about site traffic and interactions so that we can offer better site experiences and tools. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. In addition, the website may contain advertisements from third parties, and these advertisements may also use cookies.
If you choose, you can set your Internet browser’s preferences and options to block all cookies, including those associated with our website, or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. It is important to note, however, that some of our site services may not function properly if you block cookies on your computer.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called Google Analytics to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit while they are here and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, but not your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Do we disclose personal information to outside parties?
We do not rent, sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties that assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you. We may also release your information when necessary to comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect our rights or others’ rights, property or safety.
How do we protect the information we collect?
This website incorporates safeguards to secure and protect information transmitted via or stored on the site. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email or the contact forms provided on this site to communicate information you deem confidential. Once we receive your transmission, we use reasonable efforts to ensure that it is secure on our internal systems. Dallas Retirement Village is not liable for any damages associated with any such security failure.
In transmitting information to us through this site, you acknowledge that unauthorized third parties can access data and communications transmitted via the Internet. You agree to notify us immediately if you become aware of any breach of website security or this Privacy Policy.
Donations
To make a donation using our site, you will need to provide your name, address and credit card information on the donation form. This information is used for billing purposes and to provide donation receipts. If we have problems processing your donation, we may use your contact information to get in touch with you. We use PayPal to complete online donations. You can view PayPal’s User Agreement and Privacy Policy for more information.
Your access to and control over information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can also do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided at the bottom of this page.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change or correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect or maintain information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are directed to individuals who are 13 years of age or older.
HIPAA and Resident Privacy Information
Dallas Retirement Village is committed to protecting your health information. Our Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we may use and disclose your protected health information (PHI) to carry out treatment, payment or healthcare operations and for other purposes permitted or required by law. It also describes your rights to access and control your PHI, which is information about you that may identify you and relates to your past, present or future physical or mental health or condition and related healthcare services.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) is federal legislation established in 1996 to protect PHI. The HIPAA Privacy Rule pertains to how your PHI may be used and disclosed. The HIPAA Security Rule requires specific measures to protect your PHI when sent or stored electronically. Dallas Retirement Village has taken the appropriate steps to ensure compliance with both the HIPAA Privacy Rule and the HIPAA Security Rule.
Online Privacy Policy only
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline or through use of any services not provided through the site.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on May 11, 2016.
Contacting us
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or would like additional information, you may contact us using the information below.
Dallas Retirement Village
Attn: David Parrett
377 NW Jasper St.
Dallas, OR 97338
(503) 623-5581
Connect With Us
Complete and submit the form below and we'll be in touch. You can also call us at (503) 623-5581.
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
How can we help you today?Emails
I'd like to receive emails about events, offers and news from Dallas Retirement Village.
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.