http://www.iac.es/en/legal-notice
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Legal notice
Legal notice
Date: 09/02/2020
In compliance with Law 34/2002 of 11 July concerning Information Society and Electronic Commerce Services (LSSI-CE), the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS hereby states that it is the owner of the website www.iac.es and of all IAC-derived URLs. In accordance with the said law, the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS makes the following statement:
The owner of this website is the INSTITUTO DE ASTROFÍSICA DE CANARIAS (hereafter, IAC), with Fiscal Identity Number (NIF) Q3811001A and social residence in CALLE VÍA LÁCTEA S/N 38205 LA LAGUNA (TENERIFE).
User status and corresponding responsibilities
Browsing, accessing, and using the IAC website confers the status of user, which implies acceptance, while browsing the IAC website, of the conditions of use established, without prejudice to the application of the corresponding regulation that must be complied with in any particular case.
The website of the IAC provides a great diversity of information, services, and data. The user is responsable for the correct use of the website. This responsibility extends to:
The truthfulness and legality of information provided by the user in IAC application forms when accessing certain contents or services offered by the website.
Use of information, services, and data provided by the IAC that contravenes the stipulated conditions, the law, morality, social norms, or public order, or any other activity that harms the rights of others or the proper functioning of the website.
Links policy and disclaimers of responsibility
The IAC cannot be held responsable for the content of websites accessed by the user via links established on its website and declares that in no circumstances will it proceed to examine or exercise any form of control over the content of other websites. Neither can it guarantee the technical availability, accuracy, veracity, validity, or legality of websites that are not its property, and that may be accessed via links.
The IAC declares that it has adopted the necessary measures to avoid any damage to users of its website that may derive from browsing its website. Under no circumstances will the IAC be held responsable for any damage that might be suffered by users when browsing the internet.
Modifications
The IAC reserves the right to modify the contents of its website as it sees fit and without giving prior notice with regard to its website contents, the Legal Notice, and its Privacy Policy. Such modifications may be made through its website by any means admissible in law, and must be complied with during the time in which they are published on the website and until such time as they be validly modified by further changes.
Rules concerning the use and confidentiality of passwords
IAC users can Access their accounts by means of a “username” and “password”. Users must keep their passwords under their personal control, and maintain strict and absolute confidentiality. Users will be responsable for any damages, costs, and/or detrimental consequences deriving from having revealed their passwords, or for any consequences deriving from any improper use that might affect a third party through any such loss of confidentiality.
To prevent third parties from making improper use of their passwords, the IAC advises users not to reveal their passwords to anybody, or to access their accounts from public computers or multi-user systems. If you suspect that a third party has obtained your password, you must immediately take steps to change it or inform the IAC through the email address: web [at] iac.es.
The IAC may, without giving prior notice, unilaterally decide to modify, suspend, or revoke the password or user account should the centre detect any negligence in their use on the part of a user or third party.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate
The SSL certificate provides authentication, privacy, and security of information shared between users and the IAC.
The IAC has a security certificate which is used by means of an SSL certificate to make secure connections.
In this process, various parameters are established for making secure connections by making use of pre-established keys to encode and decode all the data sent until the connection is severed.
Intellectual and industrial property
The IAC, whether of itself or as a concessionary, is owner of all the intellectual and industrial property rights on its website, as well as of the contents therein (without limitation, images, sound, audio, video, software, and texts; brands and logotypes, colour combinations, structure and design, selection of used material, computer programs necessary for its functioning, access and use, etc.). All such matter shall therefore be works protected as intellectual property in accordance with Spanish law and subject to both Spanish and European Community regulations in this field, and to international treaties relating to the matter by which Spain is bound.
All rights are reserved. In accordance with the terms laid down in the Intellectual Property Law, it is expressly forbidden to reproduce, distribute, or publicly communicate, in whatever form, the totality or part of the contents of this website for commercial purposes on any kind of support or using any technical medium without the express permission of the IAC.
Users undertake to respect the intellectual and industrial property rights owned by the IAC. Elements of the portal may be visualized and even printed, copied, or stored by users on their computers or on any other physical support provided it is for their sole and exclusive personal and private use. Users must refrain from suppressing, altering, sidestepping, or manipulating any protective device or security system installed on the IAC website.
Legal actions, applicable legislation, and jurisdiction
Likewise, the IAC reserves the faculty of taking any civil or criminal legal actions that it deems fit with regard to improper use of its website and contents, or in the case of any failure to comply with the conditions set down in this document.
The relationship between user and supplier will be subject to the regulations in force and applicable on Spanish territory. In the case of any disagreement, both parties may submit their objections to arbitration or resort to ordinary legal means in accordance with the regulations governing jurisdiction and competency in the matter disputed. The IAC is domiciled in Tenerife, Spain.