http://www.ucd.ie/cookie-policy/
Home
Current Students
Alumni
Community
News and Opinion
Events
Contact
Staff Directory
A-Z
UCD Connect
Search
Search
About UCDStudy at UCDResearch and InnovationColleges and SchoolsUCD Global
Home
Current Students
Alumni
Community
News and Opinion
Events
Contact
Staff Directory
A-Z
UCD Connect
Breadcrumb
UCD HomepageUseful LinksUseful LinksCookie Policy
Explore this Section
GaeilgePrivacyCookie PolicyDisclaimerFreedom of InformationAcceptable Use Policy
UCD Cookie Policy
Introduction
UCD respects the privacy of all visitors to our website. This Cookie Policy outlines our policy concerning the use of cookies on ucd.ie
From time to time we will update our Cookie Policy to reflect any changes in technology or legislation which affect the way in which cookies are used by us and how you as a user, can manage them.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer. We use cookies to make our site faster and easier to use. Cookies cannot run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
How We Use Cookies
UCD uses cookies to improve your experience on our site. The broader set of functions is:
UCD cookies are used only by UCD related systems.
Certain cookies are essential to the proper functioning of UCD systems and therefore don’t require your consent.
We don't track your personal activities when you're not on a UCD internal system (unless you click on a UCD advertisement on a separate site).
We use analytics cookies to help us understand what content is most useful to our visitors. UCD uses a global provider for this analysis which means a limited amount of personal data will be transferred internationally, where privacy rights are not necessarily at the same level as in the EEA.
Web visitors that accept all cookies or targeting cookies and visit some UCD sub sites that are involved in marketing and recruitment, by doing so, permit the placement of third-party cookies. UCD engages with trusted third-party marketing companies to assist with the running of campaigns for UCD and its programmes and courses. Some of these third-party cookies will involve international data transfers beyond the EEA. These third-party cookies are listed in our cookie list.
Types of Cookies We Use
Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are essential for enabling user movement around the UCD website and providing access to features and systems we offer. They also secure areas of the UCD website.  This category of cookies cannot be disabled as they are essential to the functioning of the system.  Essential cookies do not require seeking user consent/permission.
Performance CookiesWe use cookies for analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies give us insight into how our website is being used and will involve international data transfers outside the EEA.
Functional CookiesFunctional cookies allow the website to remember choices and customisation you made. For instance, these cookies can be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide features you have selected like watching a video or commenting on a blog.
Targeting CookiesCustomised Information & Advertising Cookies: UCD does not place ads anywhere on our sites.  However, some pages under the www.ucd.ie domain use cookies that are based on your interests expressed or that measure the results of our digital campaigns. Social Plug-In Cookies: When you interact with social media content, you trigger the placement of relevant cookies from these platforms. These cookies are set by third parties, including Facebook and Twitter, and allow you to share what you’ve been doing on our websites on social media. Such cookies will trigger international data transfers of your data outside the EEA.
Unclassified Cookies
To see a full details of the cookies we use visit our cookie list page.
Your Choices Regarding Cookies
With the exception of strictly necessary cookies, which do not require consent, you can choose which types of cookies you wish to allow by going to the cookie list page and activating the privacy preference centre.
How We Scan and Categorise Cookies
We use CookiePro by OneTrust to scan our site for cookies and to give you the ability to manage your cookie preferences. By disallowing targeting cookies, you also deselect social media plug-ins. This will potentially result in YouTube and other social media content not being displayed and potentially result in blank space when you view the webpage.
Additionally, if you have already set your web browser settings to the highest level of privacy on your device directly, this will override any choices you make in our privacy preference centre.
We scan registered sub-domains monthly up to the maximum limit of 10,000 pages as imposed by CookiePro. Scripts/cookies outside of the scan may not be blocked by CookiePro. Scripts/cookies added to a website between scans may not be blocked until categorised following the subsequent scan.
Related links
UCD Privacy Policy
Irish Data Protection Commission
UCD Data Protection Office
Useful further information on Cookies
Cookie List
Useful Links
Gaeilge
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Freedom of Information
Acceptable Use Policy
Social Media Links
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
RSS Feed
LinkedIn