https://www.catholicshopper.com/products/policy.html
Privacy Policy
At Catholic Shopper we are committed to giving you quality service. We realize that your privacy is important to you, your privacy is also important to us. You can be assured that we respect the confidentiality of information and treat that information responsibly. We do not authorize the selling or renting of your account information to third parties for their business purposes. By using our site, you accept the practices that are described in this privacy statement, which is effective as of April 30, 2013, and is part of the General Terms and Conditions governing use of this site. We may change or add to this statement from time to time. When that happens, we will post the revised statement here. Your use of our site after changes to this privacy statement have been made constitutes acceptance of those changes going forward. Catholic Shopper is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of the websites from which you access our site, sites we link to, or of any sites that are linked to our site. How do we use information about our customers? We use your personal information to process your orders. This includes for example, contacting you to confirm your order, fulfilling the order and shipping it. We may also contact you if we want to communicate with you about your order. Additionally, we will use your contact information to send you E-newsletters or other promotional notices, or to respond to requests for information or assistance from you. We may also use your information to improve our service to you and for other business purposes. For example, we periodically review customer information as part of servicing our accounts. We may also contact you from time to time to inform you of the services that we offer and to gather information about how we can improve them. How do we share customers personal information with third parties? In order to process your orders and requests, we make your name, address, and sometimes your e-mail address or telephone number available to other entities such as credit card companies and package delivery services (for example, American Express, Visa, UPS, and USPS). We reserve the right to share information about you as required by law or in cooperation with legal authorities and to enforce the General Terms and Conditions governing use of this site or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Catholic Shopper and its customers. You can always review your account information at Catholic Shopper and correct or update it by going to the Your Account area on our website and clicking on Edit Account. Our Customer Service Representatives are also ready to assist you in checking or changing your account information. You can reach them by emailing them at customerservice@catholicshopper.com or Call us 631-845-7475 Monday thru Friday 9 am - 5 pm est.
Categories
About Us
Mailing List Signup
Home
More Info
Your AccountView Your Wish ListGift CertificateYour Shopping Cart
Home
Your Account View Your Wish List Gift Certificate [View Cart]
Home
Communion
Patron Saint Medals
Healing Items
Rosaries
Personalized Cards
Recovery Gifts
Bracelets
Prayer Tokens
Clearance
Privacy Policy
About Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Return Policy
Home|Your Shopping Cart
Home -