https://www.naacpldf.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HOME >
Privacy Policy
The NAACP Legal Defense & Educational Fund, Inc. (LDF) owns and operates this internet site. This Internet Site Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) explains how we treat all user data collected during your visit to the LDF Site and how we protect your personal privacy within the LDF Site. LDF may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any information that you submit after a change has been posted will be subject to the new provisions. How LDF may contact you: You may receive communications from us if you have a) expressly signed up to receive emails or other communications from LDF through the LDF web site, b) taken action on behalf of LDF either online or in person; c) signed up to receive LDF communications at events, LDF stores, public outreach or canvassing, and at many other hosted LDF events; or (d) we receive your contact information from an allied, like-minded or partner organization. Individually identifying information and contact information, such as names, postal and email addresses, phone numbers, social media usernames and other personal information which users voluntarily provide to LDF may be added to LDF’s databases and used for future outreach (including physical mailings) regarding member outreach, fundraising, marketing, or promotional purposes. We shall only send you text messages when you provide your express consent to receive text messages, and you can opt out at any time. All emails sent contain a link to unsubscribe or to modify your profile. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to any newsletter or email communication from LDF at any time.  In order to provide you with better and more relevant information, we compile information about email response and website usage. This information helps us to better understand our members’ web site usage patterns and also what types of content and information may help improve your user experience on the LDF web site. Donation Privacy LDF understands the importance of protecting your personal information.  Rest assured that giving a tax deductible donation to LDF is safe. Credit card information is protected by a reputable security company and credit card numbers are never stored. On our donation pages, please make note of the domain name in your Web site address bar. The name there begins with https, which indicates that the page is encrypted. Encryption actually makes your online donation more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store or any other place of business. If you would like to opt out of email communication at any time, just click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every LDF email communication. You may also contact us at any time to be removed from our distribution list.  We do not rent, share, trade, or otherwise make email addresses available to any third parties. Email contact: development@naacpldf.org. You are not required to provide any personal information on our website unless you choose to do so. However, in order to properly process charitable gifts, we do ask for personal information on our online donation pages. We use this information to acknowledge receipt of your donation for tax purposes. When you donate to LDF, you are placed on mailing lists for mail and email updates. If you would like your name removed from our mailing lists at any time, please contact us. We may occasionally make postal mail addresses available to other nonprofit organizations. If you do not wish to share this information, please contact us. Email contact: development@naacpldf.org. If you make a donation to LDF from a Web site link, you will receive further information about our vendor’s privacy and security practices for LDF donors. Our vendor is an organization that provides a secured site for LDF’s online donations. Use of Cookies LDF’s Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same information repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred either to your computer’s hard drive (“Long-term Cookies”) or temporarily to your computer’s Volatile Memory (“Session Cookies”). We presently use one Long-term Cookie to count unique visitors to the LDF Site. We use Session Cookies whenever you visit the LDF Site. Our intent is for Session Cookies to last only as long as your session on the LDF Site. They should expire when the session ends and are not written onto your computer’s hard drive. We also use Session Cookies in e-mail notifications you receive from LDF. “Text-only” e-mails will not contain any Session Cookies. Security We protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by authorized personnel. Nevertheless, despite our best efforts, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. Children We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. Contacting the Web Site If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Internet Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact: webmaster@naacpldf.org
0Shares0