https://www.unitariansociety.org/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
Google Map
The Unitarian Society176 Tices Ln
East Brunswick, NJ 08816732-246-3113
The Unitarian Society
A Unitarian Universalist Congregation
Facebook YouTube
Contact
Search
Directions
Sunday Services: 10:30am
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by The Unitarian Society, A Unitarian Universalist Congregation, hereafter referred to as “TUS”. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how TUS treats that information. This privacy policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Personal Information
Our site collects personal information from our visitors only on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name and email address. We do not require this information to obtain access to any part of our site. We do not sell or rent this personal information to other organizations.
The personal information we collect is only used by us to process a request that has been placed by the visitor. We never sell your email address and if you voluntarily give it to us, we will strive to use it only for what it was intended. If we pass it, it would only be to the congregation or person who has the information you desire.
Statistical Information Collected
We collect information on the browsing habits of users and the companies that provide that service also have access to that information. This site collects information using cookies and JavaScript, so if they are enabled in your browser, information can be collected, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and country. This information is only used for statistical purposes and cannot identify you as an individual.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented is correct and accurate. If inaccuracies occur, we will make every effort to correct them in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or for questions about our Privacy Policy please contact us.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites contain some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than TUS. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their contents or privacy policies. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these Web sites or any association with their operators.
Section Navigation
Donate to The Unitarian SocietyYou can now donate to TUS via PayPal!
Past Sermons
Check out our Sermon Archive here. Video is available for many services.
First Time Visitor?Upcoming ServicesService Archive
Latest Posts
Christmas Eve service – online 7pm-7:30pm
November 24, 2020
Make It Count: a Winter Solstice Service — Sunday, December 20th 2020 @10:30am
November 24, 2020
Bear Witness : Save Lives — Sunday Service, Dec. 13th, 2020 @10:30am
November 24, 2020
Giving Thanks For What Is – Sunday Service, November 29th @ 10:30AM
November 24, 2020
Sanctuary Garden
September 9, 2020
Admin Login
Username:
Password:
Remember Me
Lost Password?