http://www.corporatek.com/en/privacy_policy
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
You can change your cookie settings at any time but if you do, you may lose some functionality.
More information can be found in our Privacy policy
and Legal notices.
Close
Open Menu
Close Menu
Corporatek
Corporate Systems
Law Firm Systems
Clients
Technologies
About Us
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
Corporatek Commitment to Data Privacy Protection
Protecting the security and privacy of your Personal Information is important to Corporatek and to the way we conduct our business in compliance with laws on privacy, data protection and data security in the countries in which we maintain Web sites. We hope the policy outlined below will help you understand what information Corporatek may collect, how Corporatek uses and safeguards that information and with whom we may share it.
Personal Information
Through our Web sites, Corporatek will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address ("Personal Information")), unless you voluntarily choose to provide it to us (e.g., by registration, survey). If you do not want your Personal Information collected, please do not submit it to us.
When you do provide us with Personal Information, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific account information. Also, to support our customer relationship with you:
we may store and process Personal Information and share it with our worldwide affiliates to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; or
we may use Personal Information to contact you about a Corporatek offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers' needs and profiles.
If you choose not to have your Personal Information used to support our customer relationship (especially direct-marketing or market-research), we will respect your choice. We do not now (and do not intend to) sell, rent or otherwise market your Personal Information to third parties.
Non-Personal Information Collected Automatically
When you access our Web sites, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect information that is not personally-identifiable (e.g., type of Internet browser and computer operating system used; domain name of the Web site from which you came; number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed). We may use this information and share it with our worldwide affiliates to measure the use of our Web sites and improve their content.
"Cookies" -- Information Placed Automatically on Your Computer
When you view one of our Web sites, we may store some information on your computer in the form of a "Cookie" to automatically recognize you the next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time. If you choose not to be recognized, please refer to your Internet browser to erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored.
Children
No Personal Information should be submitted to Corporatek Web sites by children without the consent of their parent or guardian. Corporatek encourages all parents or guardians to instruct their children in the safe and responsible use of their Personal Information while using the Internet. Corporatek will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information collected from children for any purpose whatsoever, including disclosure to third parties
Security
Corporatek takes precautions to ensure the security of your Personal Information and strives to keep it accurate. We carefully protect your Personal Information from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation, and unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure.
Links to Other Web Sites
Corporatek Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Corporatek is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other Web sites.
Questions and Comments
If you have any questions or comments about Corporatek' Data Privacy Protection Policy (e.g., to review and update your Personal Information), please click on "Contact Us", located in the upper right-hand corner of this window and select "About Corporatek" as the subject. As the Internet matures, so will our Data Privacy Protection Policy. We will post changes to our Data Privacy Protection Policy on this page when warranted.
Digital ID
A crucial element in transacting business via networks is what is frequently referred to as 'trust': do I know for sure who I am doing business with? Is the transaction binding? Are my business relationships secure and confidential?
Corporatek issues certificates (known as digital IDs) for employees and for Corporatek Web sites. These identify a person or server unequivocally and unambiguously, and comply with ITU Standard X.509V3.
Corporatek has set up a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) to issue certificates, with rules for ascertaining and checking the identity of the person or server in question. A Certification Authority then confirms this identity by appending its digital signature at the bottom of the certificate for the person or server.
If you receive a Corporatek certificate electronically, e.g. by e-mail, and want to check its authenticity, simply compare the signature on the certificate you received with the original signature of the Corporatek Certification Authority.
Corporate Systems
EnGlobe
GlobalBoards
EnGlobe Mobile
Entity Management
Law Firm Systems
GlobalAct
GlobalAct Mobile
GlobalAct Client Portal
IntelliIP
EnAct
Technologies
EnGlobe Framework
IntelliAct
IntelliX
ActFlow
UDV Foundation
AltiSaaS
About us
Corporate
Precepts and Values
Code of Conduct
Careers
Contact
Clients
Large Corporations / Financial Institutions
Law Firms
For more Information:
Contact Us
© 2019. Corporatek Inc.All right reserved
| Privacy Policy
| Legal Notices
| This Site
EN
|
FR