http://www.caringforothers.org/privacy-policy.html
Missionary Care from Caring for Others
follow us
Home
Store
What We Do
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
August 26, 2019Caring for Others, Inc, a Wisconsin corporation based in theUnited States, hereafter referred to as “company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”. We are committed toprotecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose data. This Policy applies to your use of company’s products, services, and websiteslocated at www.caringforothers.org (hereafter referred to as “Website”).Our Privacy Policy refers to Caring for Others, Inc. and its website, www.caringforothers.org. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use our Website. By using the Website you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.Users Under the Age of 13Our products and services are not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collectPersonal Data from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under the ageof 13 has provided us with Personal Data, we will take steps to remove such data. If you becomeaware that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, please get intouch with us at Contact Us. By using our websites and services, you are representing to us thatyou are not under the age of 13.Personal Information We Collect About YouPersonal data is information that can be used to identify you such as your name, IP address, andemail address. As a business, we collect personal data from you in a number of ways including:(1.) Opt-In to free and paid courses we develop: Your name and address.(2.) Waiting List: Your name and address.(3.) Transaction: You name, email address, billing information and payment source.(4.) Submitting Questions: Your name, email address, and question.(5.) Lessons: Your name and email address.(6.) Opt-In to our free email newsletter: Your name and address.(7.) Opt-in to groups we organize: Your name and address.We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for theestablishment, pursuance or defense of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is ourlegitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep recordsand to establish, pursue or defend legal claims.We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes detailsabout your race or ethnicity, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade unionmembership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collectany information about criminal convictions and offenses.Why We Collect Certain Information About YouWe collect the information above for the following purposes:(1.) Opt-In to Email Course: To provide you with information on the course in question and thetopic in general.(2.) Waiting List: To let you know when a course or service opens or is closing.(3.) Transaction: To process a purchase you make with us.(4.) Submitting Questions: To answer questions you might have for us.(5.) Lessons: To send you lessons you are interested in.(6.) Opt-In to our free email newsletter: To inform you of recently released podcast episodes,blogs, our products and services, and other information we think you will find helpful.(7.) Opt-in to groups we organize: To inform you about the group and how we think you canbenefit from membership in the group.We process this data to supply the goods and/or services you have purchased and to keep recordsof such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contractbetween you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract.How We May Use Your InformationWe may use your information to:• Give you information that may affect your use of the products and services we provide• Encourage a safe online experience and to enforce our policies• Verify your identity and the information you provide;• Customize your experience and analyze usage of, improve and measure interest in, andinform you about the products and services we provide• Communicate marketing and promotional offers• Provide customer service, including receipts• Develop new products• Perform certain other business activities.• Measuring traffic patterns• Understanding demographics, customer interest, and other trends among users;• Providing, improving, and modifying the products and services we provide• Enhance our promotional and marketing purposes.We process this data to analyze your use of our website and other online services, to administerand protect our business and website, to deliver relevant content and advertisements to you andto understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is ourlegitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and ourbusiness and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.The Legal Basis“Legitimate interests” for processing your personal information exist where you submit yourinformation with an expectation that it will be processed and there is no undue impact on you. Ifyou disagree or have questions, please contact John Certalic by visiting Contact Us and we willcease the processing of your data under this legal basis.Disclosure of Your InformationWe do not sell, rent, lease any of your personal data to a third party.We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries, affiliates, and service providersfor the purpose of providing our services to you.We may disclose your personal information to a third party, including a lawyer or collectionagency, when necessary to enforce our terms of service or any other agreement between you andthe Company.We may provide your information to any successor in interest in the event of a merger,divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all ofthe Company’s asserts and/or business.We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in goodfaith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights or when compelledby a court or other governmental entity to do so.Protection of Your InformationWe may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes asassessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of mostand least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying systemperformance or problem areas.We employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the information youprovide to us and the information we collect automatically. This includes using standard securityprotocols and working only with reputable third-party vendors.For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, theCompany uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts toupload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.Your Rights to Correct and Withdraw Your InformationYou have the right to control your personal data. Specifically, you have the following rights:• The right to be informed: We are informing you now with this policy.• The right of access: We’ll provide you with the data we have about you.• The right to rectification: Request we fix incorrect data about you.• The right to erasure: Request we erase certain data about you.• The right to restrict processing: Ask us to restrict certain type of processing of yourpersonal information.• The right to data portability: Ask us to provide your personal data we have for export.• The right to object: Object to how we use your data.• Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling: We don’t profile you, butkeep in mind you have this right with other sites.To exercise any of these rights, please click on Contact Us, and give us your request.Your Right To Withdraw ConsentWe want to emphasize that wherever we’ve asked for your consent to collect or process yourpersonal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you receive email messages fromus, you can use the “unsubscribe” link in each message to withdraw consent and stop themailings. Alternatively, you can click on Contact Us, and give us your request.How to Contact Us with Any Concern of YoursIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us by visiting Contact Us.You may also reach us at:Caring for Others, Inc.3480 S. Highpointe DrNew Berlin, WI 53151
Copyright 2018  Caring for Others