https://www.rombrolegal.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to http://www.RombroLegal.com/ (the “Site”). We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business.This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by Law Offices Of Allan H. Rombro (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).“Personally Identifiable Information” refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.What Personally Identifiable Information is collected? We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.What organizations are collecting the information? In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information? We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.With whom may the information may be shared? Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.How is Personally Identifiable Information stored? Personally Identifiable Information collected by Law Offices Of Allan H. Rombro is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Law Offices Of Allan H. Rombro except for use as indicated above.What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information? Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us atAre Cookies Used on the Site? Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.How does Law Offices Of Allan H. Rombro use login information? Law Offices Of Allan H. Rombro uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site? Law Offices Of Allan H. Rombro has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors.Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure? All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information? Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us atCan a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site? We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting . However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes? We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.Links: http://www.RombroLegal.com/ contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours. Bench Warrant Removal/Recall June
5 star I can’t believe Mr. Rombro beat my DUI case after I blew a very high BAC on breathalyzer test. I got a PBJ and I was incredibly impressed at how he handled the Judge’s questions. The judge told me I was lucky to have him as my lawyer or I’d probably have gone to jail instead of home. Thank you!Shawn ThompsonLaw Offices of Allan Rombro5 2017-03-09T08:00:08+00:00Shawn Thompson5 star I can’t believe Mr. Rombro beat my DUI case after I blew a very high BAC on breathalyzer test. I got a PBJ and I was incredibly impressed at how he handled the Judge’s questions. The judge told me I was lucky to have him as my lawyer or I’d probably have gone to jail instead of home. Thank you! https://www.rombrolegal.com/testimonials/bench-warrant-removalrecall-june-2015/Thanks again to Allan H. Rambro for saving my life.
I was in desperate need of a Lawyer, didn’t really have anywhere to turn, so I went online. I saw a 24 hour bench Warrant Hotline, and decided to call. The best decision I ever made, I was completely satisfied with the services Allan H. Rambro provided. Let’s just say that I had a warrant for something I did a long time ago, and my back was against the wall, Allan H Rambro came in and saved the day. I...Richard Dejuane GoodeLaw Offices of Allan Rombro5 2017-03-09T08:12:42+00:00Richard Dejuane GoodeI was in desperate need of a Lawyer, didn’t really have anywhere to turn, so I went online. I saw a 24 hour bench Warrant Hotline, and decided to call. The best decision I ever made, I was completely satisfied with the services Allan H. Rambro provided. Let’s just say that I had a warrant for something I did a long time ago, and my back was against the wall, Allan H Rambro came in and saved the day. I didn’t have to go to jail the warrant was pulled, and at my court date the Judge dismissed my case, and now I’m eligible to get these charges expunged off of my record. If you need a solid lawyer who will go to war with you, and won’t leave you hanging please contact Allan H. Rambro he will defiantly get the job done, and you won’t regret it. Thanks again to Allan H. Rambro for saving my life. https://www.rombrolegal.com/testimonials/thanks-again-to-allan-h-rambro-for-saving-my-life/Excellent work
I cannot thank you enough for the excellent work you did on my case and the wonderful outcome you obtained!! I realize how very lucky I am.Cathy J.Law Offices of Allan Rombro5 2017-03-09T09:22:11+00:00Cathy J.I cannot thank you enough for the excellent work you did on my case and the wonderful outcome you obtained!! I realize how very lucky I am. https://www.rombrolegal.com/testimonials/excellent-work/JUST AWESOME…..!!!!!!!
I was victimized by my husband and his mistress and was charged with many violations of a peace order on the mistress’s behalf, a peace order that should have never been granted in the first place. I lost everything of monetary and personal value that I had at their hands and it seemed NO one would help me. Add that to a clueless Assistant State’s attorney whose only care was his score card and a couple of people with no...Candy RabbittLaw Offices of Allan Rombro5 2017-03-09T09:22:45+00:00Candy RabbittI was victimized by my husband and his mistress and was charged with many violations of a peace order on the mistress’s behalf, a peace order that should have never been granted in the first place. I lost everything of monetary and personal value that I had at their hands and it seemed NO one would help me. Add that to a clueless Assistant State’s attorney whose only care was his score card and a couple of people with no moral compass backing each other up and I don’t have to tell you anymore. Two years of my life was disrupted as a result, I was destroyed professionally, my door was kicked in by an overzealous deputy ( a friend of my husband’s), I attempted suicide and thought there was NO ONE on earth who would hear or help me fight back. I know all the jokes about lawyers but this one is truly one of the finest most compassionate human beings I have ever met. I just can’t put into words what a skilled attorney and great person he is. https://www.rombrolegal.com/testimonials/just-awesome/Excellent results
I’ve used Allan Rombro personally and have referred many clients to him, all with excellent results! His thorough knowledge of law as well as the realities of how it is applied, truly helps weight the scales of justice in his client’s favor. As a side note: It is interesting to click on those who give bad reviews on this or any social media review site. Most of the times you will see that those people ONLY give bad reviews…something to...Carl GallerLaw Offices of Allan Rombro5 2017-03-09T09:23:57+00:00Carl GallerI’ve used Allan Rombro personally and have referred many clients to him, all with excellent results! His thorough knowledge of law as well as the realities of how it is applied, truly helps weight the scales of justice in his client’s favor. As a side note: It is interesting to click on those who give bad reviews on this or any social media review site. Most of the times you will see that those people ONLY give bad reviews…something to consider… https://www.rombrolegal.com/testimonials/excellent-results/5Law Offices of Allan RombroWhat Our Clients SayGoogle ReviewsAvvo Reviews Facebook Reviews
ABOUT ALLAN ROMBROAllan H. Rombro has nearly 30 years experience as a criminal defense attorney in Baltimore County, the Eastern Shore and other parts of Maryland. He is disciplined, experienced and very serious about his work.Google ReviewsAvvo ReviewsFacebook Reviews Contact Us5550 Newbury Street, Suite A Baltimore, Maryland 21209 Phone: 410-580-9500 Awards
Scroll to top
DURING THE COVID-19 CRISIS OUR OFFICE WILL CONTINUE TO SERVICE THE NEEDS OF ANYONE FACING CRIMINAL CHARGES IN MARYLAND. THIS INCLUDES ALL FELONY AND MISDEMEANOR CHARGES, WARRANTS, CRIMINAL TRAFFIC AND JAIL VISITS. Attorneys are currently permitted to visit clients in all detention facilities in Maryland. If you would like Allan Rombro to visit your spouse or family member in any detention facility please call us at 410 580 9500Law Offices of Allan Rombro P.A has had virtual offices in operation for many years for those clients and their families who are out of State or who cannot travel to our office. So this current crisis is not affecting our law practice. Law Offices of Allan Rombro P.A. will continue to defend your freedom as it has for over 30 years.Stay Safe and Stay HomeCall Now for Free Consultation 410-580-9500