https://www.shalomhouse.com/privacy/
https://www.shalomhouse.com/
We are now OPEN following Government and CDC Guidelines and continue to
process Online orders with FREE SHIPPING Orders Over $75. We are actively checking info@shalomhouse.com.
The physical store is OPEN for IN STORE SHOPPING or CURBSIDE if you prefer.
Thank you for supporting Shalom House Fine Judaica.
We hope you are well and safe.
Home
Privacy
Privacy
We neither sell nor share your information with outside companies or third parties.
When you purchase from our online store, we collect your name, billing and shipping addresses, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. You provide this information so we can process and ship your order. We respect your privacy by not selling or sharing this information.
ONLINE SECURITY
Your credit card is completely safe.
Protecting your information is our highest priority. We have developed several safeguards to keep your information completely confidential. To proceed to checkout, you must enter your e-mail address and create a password. The checkout process itself employs Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)* technology to ensure your safety.
*Secure Sockets Layer encrypts your order information and sends it to a secure server, making it impossible for that information to be decoded by a party outside of the store you shop with.
Furthermore, only our store will have your information; other members of the Modern Retail community will not have access to your information unless you decide to shop with them.
To check the security of your connection during checkout, look for the unbroken key or closed lock at the bottom of your browser window. This indicates SSL is active.
Contact information
19740 Ventura Boulevard
Woodland Hills, CA 91364
Phone: (818) 704-7100
Email: customerservice@shalomhouse.com
Store Hours
Sunday – Thursday 10AM-5PM
Friday 10AM-4PM
Closed on Shabbat and Major Jewish Holidays
Customer Service
About Us
Contact Us
Online Policies
Privacy
Blog
Site Map
Products
Weddings
Holidays
Shabbat
Celebrations
Home Life
Religious Life
Jewelry
Gallery Judaica
Gift Cards
© 2005-2020
Shalom House Fine Judaica All Rights Reserved.
Login Into Your Account
×
Value entered for e-mail is invalid
Passwords don't match
Please fill up missing fields below
You've entered wrong login (e-mail) or password. Please try again
Your account is not yet activated or disabled.
Login or password can not be empty
A reset password e-mail has been sent to the provided address
E-mail:*
Password:*
Log me in automatically next time
Forgot your password?
Value entered for e-mail is invalid
Email can not be blank
Account with that email address does not exist at this portal. Please try again.
Account with that email address does not exist.
Service temporary unavailable.
E-mail:*
Login into your account
Login to Account
Recover password
Close
Submit Price Request
×
Value entered for e-mail is invalid
Passwords don't match
Please fill up missing fields below
Full Name: *
E-mail: *
Phone Number:
Comments or Questions:
Close