http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1995/10.95
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
ISSN 8755 9021
October 1995
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
Contributing Writers: Otis Damslet, Esq., New York; Todd V. Lamb,
Esq., New York; Michael S. Ryan, Esq., New York; Dirk Williams,
Esq., Boston; Robin Miller, Esq., Seattle; Mark N. Sperber, J.D.,
New York; Eva G. Anthony, David Pumo, Students, Brooklyn Law
School; Helen G. Ullrich, Student, New York Law School.
Circulation: Daniel Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC
10003. 212-353-9118.
(C) 1995 by Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York
$30/yr by subscription (Foreign Rate US$35)
Ohio Appeals Court Upholds Dismissal Of Gay Attorney But Revives
Privacy Tort Claim
In Greenwood v. Taft, Stettinius, & Hollister, 1995 WL 540221
(Sept. 13), the Ohio Court of Appeals upheld the dismissal of
plaintiff's wrongful discharge claim, ruling that under Ohio law at
present there is no remedy to prevent discharge on the basis of
sexual orientation or for engaging in political activity related to
gay rights.
The court reversed the dismissal of Greenwood's
invasion of privacy claim against his employer.
Scott Greenwood, who worked as an attorney at defendant's law firm,
alleged that the firm discharged him because he is gay and/or
because of his activities supporting the retention of Cincinnati's
Human Rights Ordinance and opposing Issue 3, and claimed the
discharge was a wrongful violation of public policy.
In Ohio, as
in most states, private employment is generally at-will, meaning
that an employee can be fired "for any reason or no reason."
However, as the court explained, the Ohio Supreme Court has
recently recognized exceptions to the at-will rule based on the
theory that some discharges may offend public policy and thus
should be prohibited.
The court found no basis to support a public policy exception to
protect gay and lesbian employees from discrimination based on
their sexual orientation, concluding that a discharge based on an
employee's sexual orientation does not violate Ohio's public
policy.
First, the court stated, Greenwood has no cause of action
under the Ohio civil rights statutes because they do not protect
against sexual orientation discrimination.
Second, the court held
that Greenwood has no claim based on 1983 Executive Order 83-64
issued by then-Governor Celeste, which prohibits sexual orientation
discrimination "within the executive branch of the state
government," refusing to interpret the order as a general policy
statement against sexual orientation discrimination sufficient to
support a public policy exception.
Third, the court held that the
Cincinnati Human Rights Ordinance was insufficient authority to
support a new public policy exception because "public policy which
warrants an exception to the [at-will rule] must be of uniform,
statewide application," and not "a single municipal ordinance,"
especially not one with the history of this ordinance.
The court also rejected Greenwood's claim that he was wrongfully
discharged for his pro-bono work in support of the Human Rights
Ordinance and that such discharge violated public policy because it
interfered with his participation in the political process.
The
court noted that unlike some states (such as California), Ohio has
neither policies nor statutes protecting employees' political
activities from interference by employers.
The court concluded
that if Ohio wanted to protect employees in the same manner, the
Ohio legislature would pass a statute protecting such political
activity.
Since there is no such protection in Ohio, the court
could not find that Greenwood's firing for his political activities
violated public policy.
As to Greenwood's invasion of privacy claim, the court found that
the trial court erroneously granted the defendant's motion to
dismiss.
Greenwood alleged that he changed his employee benefit
forms to list his same-sex partner as the beneficiary of his
insurance and pension benefits and that another employee of the
firm disclosed this information to persons who had no need for the
information.
The court found that the "disclosure tort" which may
be implicated under this set of facts is the
"publicizing of
private facts".
To prove this tort the plaintiff must show that a
private fact was publicly disclosed and that such disclosure "would
be highly offensive and objectionable to a reasonable person."
The
court held that regardless of the definition of "public" they
"decline to hold as a matter of law that no facts could exist" that
Greenwood can prove to support his claim and entitle him to relief.
Greenwood also argued that his dismissal for working in opposition
of Issue 3, an "unpopular cause," violated the Code of Professional
Responsibility.
However, the court held that since he failed to
raise this claim previously he was foreclosed from raising it on
appeal.
Greenwood has petitioned for en banc review of the
dismissal of his wrongful discharge claim.
E.G.A.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Supreme Court May Hear Romer Argument Without Rehnquist
When the Supreme Court hears oral argument in Romer v. Evans, the
Colorado Amendment 2 case, on October 10, Chief Justice William H.
Rehnquist may be missing from the bench.
Rehnquist had spinal
surgery on Sept. 27 to relieve severe back pain that has plagued
him for eighteen years and that became "almost crippling" as the
beginning of the Supreme Court's term approached, according to news
reports.
The Washington Times reported Sept. 28 that doctors
knowledgeable about the procedure performed on Rehnquist predicted
he might miss sitting for oral arguments for several weeks.
How this might affect the Court's consideration of the case was a
matter for speculation; in recent years, some of the Justices have
used transcripts and tapes in order to participate in cases when
they could not be present to hear the argument, but sometimes a
member of the Court will abstain from participating in such
circumstances.
During a prolonged recuperation from surgery in
1985, Justice Lewis F. Powell missed the oral argument in National
Gay Task Force v. Board of Education of the City of Oklahoma City,
resulting in a tie vote on the Court that affirmed a lower court
holding striking down an anti-gay state law affecting public school
teachers.
729 F.2d 1270 (10th Cir. 1984), aff'd by equally divided
court, 470 U.S. 903 (1985).
When Justice Powell recuperated, he
went through the 4-4 votes taken in his absence and indicated which
cases he wanted to hear argument on; those were set for reargument,
and the others were announced as tie votes.
Should a similar tie
occur in Romer due to a decision by Rehnquist not to participate,
the Colorado Supreme Court decision would stand without a U.S.
Supreme Court opinion being issued.
Attorneys participating in oral argument will be Colorado Solicitor
General Tim Tymkovich and former Colorado Supreme Court Justice
Jean Dubofsky.
A.S.L.
Federal Appeals Courts to Address Anti-Gay Military Policy
After a 3-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th
Circuit heard arguments on September 12 in Lt. Paul G. Thomasson's
challenge to the "don't ask, don't tell" military policy under
which he was discharged earlier this year, the panel requested the
full circuit to hear the case en banc.
The 13-member circuit has
set reargument for Dec. 5.
The circuit court had already granted
Thomasson's petition for an expedited hearing after District Judge
Claude Hilton rejected his constitutional challenge to the policy.
Noting Thomasson's stellar service record going back over ten
years, his attorney, Allan B. Moore, argued to the 3-judge panel
that "Unit cohesion has nothing to do with the ability of
acknowledged homosexuals to serve," reported the Washington Post
(Sept. 13).
"We are deferring to a hypothetical serviceman whom
policymakers believe is not capable of rising above personal
prejudices. . . Lt. Thomasson has changed the views of people with
whom he has served."
Deputy Attorney General Edwin Kneedler, defending the military
policy, argued that "Sexual orientation is a private matter, but
once someone states he is homosexual, it takes it out of private
and gives rise to the apprehensions this statute tries to prevent."
Kneedler contended that the policy focuses on behavior rather than
speech, indulging a presumption that those who announce they are
gay must have a "propensity" to engage in "homosexual conduct"
allegedly disruptive of military order and morale, which the
military has a right to prevent by discharging them.
Press reports seemed to indicate some judicial doubts about the
government's arguments by the panelists.
Judge J. Michael Luttig
commented that the policy adopted by the Clinton Administration
seemed to differ from what Congress intended in it's version of
"don't ask, don't tell," resulting in the strange conflation of
status and conduct in the government's argument.
The Washington
Times reported that both of the other judges on the panel, M. Blane
Michael and Diana Motz, "seemed skeptical of the government's
argument."
"Isn't it awfully dangerous to link speech and
propensity," asked Michael.
Motz got into a contentious argument
with Kneedler about the possibilities of gay servicemembers being
able to rebut the presumption about propensity to engage in conduct
without in fact disclaiming their homosexuality, according to a
report by the Associated Press published in several newspapers.
Due to occur shortly is oral argument in the 2nd Circuit, where the
government is appealing District Judge Eugene Nickerson's decision
in Able v. United States finding the military policy
unconstitutional.
Meanwhile, U.S. District Judge Lyle Strom in
Omaha issued an order temporarily blocking the discharge of Air
Force Captain Richard Richenberg under the anti-gay policy, pending
a hearing on the merits of his constitutional challenge (N.Y.
Times, Sept. 10).
A.S.L.
District Judge Scornful of Military Arguments
In a decision that barely disguises the court's dislike for the
military's policy toward gay people, the U.S. District Court for
the District of Columbia remanded the case of a soldier discharged
under the old policy and ordered the Marine Corps to reprocess his
discharge under the new "don't ask, don't tell" policy.
Elzie v.
Aspin, 1995 WL 510163 (D.D.C. Aug. 14).
Justin Elzie was a one-time Marine of the Year -- a model soldier.
On the eve of leaving the military voluntarily under a special
retirement program, Elzie came out publicly.
The military
discharged him under its old policy on gays, for the sole reason of
his admission of his sexual orientation.
Because of the discharge,
Elzie lost his right to participate in the retirement program.
The
court's order enforces the parties' agreement to reprocess Elzie's
discharge under the new "don't ask, don't tell" policy, but it does
not stop there.
The court derides the "folly" of the blanket
exclusion and distinguishes Steffan v. Perry, 41 F.3d 677 (D.C.
Cir. 1994) (holding the old policy constitutional) on the ground
that Elzie (unlike Steffan) was challenging not only the policy,
but also his exclusion from the retirement program, and on the
ground that the Steffan court did not consider the argument that
the application of the policy in cases like Elzie's might
constitute improper viewpoint discrimination, implicating the
recently re-invigorated First Amendment.
Justin Elzie will
presumably fare better under the new policy, but one wishes this
court had a real chance to sink its teeth into the old policy.
D.W.
Oregon Appeals Court Refuses to Block Vote on Anti-Gay Initiative
In Boytano v Fritz, 1995 WL 505431 (Aug. 24), the Oregon Supreme
Court held that neither the state's constitution nor ORS 659.165(1)
prevented the people of Klamath Falls City from voting on an
anti-gay initiative.
The plaintiff sought to enjoin the City from
placing on the ballot an initiative to amend its charter,
contending that Oregon law removed the issue from the initiative
process.
The proposed amendment would forbid the City or its
officials from passing or enforcing "any ordinance, rule,
regulation, policy or resolution that extends minority status,
affirmative action, quotas, special class status, or any similar
concepts based on homosexuality or which establishes any
categorical provision such as `sexual orientation,' `sexual
preference,' or any similar provision. . . ."
Expressly excepted
from the initiative's scope was the adoption of "provisions
prohibiting employment decisions based on factors not directly
related to employment."
One of those factors is an individual's
"lawful private sexual behavior," knowledge of it, or an
individual's expression of it.
The initiative would also prevent
the City from spending any money "promot[ing] homosexuality."
The plaintiff contended that by voting on the measure, the people
would be enacting it in violation of ORS 659.165(1).
The statute
provides, in part, that "[a] political subdivision of the state
many not enact or enforce any charter provision, ordinance,
resolution or policy granting special rights, privileges or
treatment to any citizen or group of citizens on account of sexual
orientation, or enact or enforce any charter provision, ordinance,
resolution or policy that singles out citizens or groups of
citizens on account of sexual orientation."
The Court conceded in
a footnote that the initiative did indeed "single out" people on
the basis of sexual orientation.
ORS 659.165(1)'s use of the word
enact, however, saved a place on the ballot for the initiative.
Relying on a college dictionary, the court stated that the word
enact meant to "make into a law; esp: to perform the last act of
legislation upon (a bill) that gives the validity of law[.]"
An
initiative is not "made into law" until approved by a majority of
the voters.
An initiative that is not so approved is not
"enacted," though it be voted on by the people.
"[V]oting and
enactment are not synonymous; voting precedes enactment and is
necessary to it, but enactment does not occur every time a vote has
occurred."
The Court also found that this definition comported
with the Oregon Constitution.
Article IV, section 1(2)(a) reserves
to the people the initiative power and to "enact or reject them at
an election."
Since enact was juxtaposed with reject in the
context of an election, voting had to be an act distinct from
enacting.
Thus, the Court held that ORS 659.165(1) did not prevent
local elections on initiatives such as this one.
The Court rather summarily dismissed plaintiff's claim that the
state's adoption of ORS 659.165 preempted local initiatives of this
type under Article IV, section 1(5) of the Oregon Constitution.
That section reserves the initiative power to the people of a
municipality "as to all local, special and municipal legislation of
every character. . ."
Plaintiff relied on the Court's decision in
La Grande/Astoria v. PERB, 586 P.2d 765 (1978) for her assertion
that the initiative was not "municipal legislation."
In La
Grande/Astoria, the Court held that state law addressed to
substantive social objectives prevailed over contrary local
policies.
According to the plaintiff,
ORS 659.165 demonstrated a
statewide policy regarding laws that single out citizens on the
basis of sexual orientation, preempting the field.
The Court said
that its discussion of ORS 659.165 disposed of this argument and
that reliance on La Grande/Astoria was misplaced.
Before reaching the merits of the case, the Court engaged in an
extended discussion of justiciability and preservation.
It found
it was presented with a justiciable controversy because the
plaintiff's claims did not require the court to inquire into the
substance of the measure.
The Court had already held that courts
may examine only matters "extraneous to the language of the
measure" prior to its adoption.
Prior to this decision, only
challenges based on a procedural defect or on the legal sufficiency
of an unpassed measure raised justiciable controversies.
Here, the
Court discovered another justiciable challenge to an unpassed
measure:
the claim that the measure's subject matter is not a
proper one for a local initiative.
According to the Court, that
claim did not require it to examine the substantive validity of the
proposed initiative.
It also found that the plaintiff had preserved her claims under ORS
659.165(1) by raising at trial the contention that Oregon law
forbids initiatives of this type.
The statute had been enacted
after trial, but before papers were filed in the appeals.
The
Court concluded that it was less important for a party to identify
the source of its argument at trial than it was for the party to
raise the issue in the first place.
Thus, the plaintiff's
development, on appeal, of arguments based on the statute to
further her claim that Oregon law prohibited this initiative was
properly preserved.
M.S.R.
Federal Court Preliminarily Enjoins Scrambling of Gay Cable
Broadcasts
Ruling Sept. 20 in Goldstein v. Manhattan Cable Television, Inc.,
1995 WL 562182 (S.D.N.Y.), U.S. District Judge Leonard Sand
preliminarily enjoined Time Warner Cable of New York City from
scrambling sexually-oriented programming produced by Al Goldstein,
Robin Byrd, and Lou Malleta (Gay Cable Network) to comply with
federal rules on cable transmission of "offensive" material.
Time
Warner had mailed letters to 290,000 Manhattan cable TV subscribers
during the summer, informing them that, effective October 1,
Channel 35, the cable channel that carries sexually explicit
programming, would be scrambled except for those subscribers who
returned a signed reply card requesting access to this channel.
At
a hearing on the plaintiffs' motion for preliminary injunctive
relief, counsel for Time Warner represented that about 50,000 reply
cards requesting access had been received.
The motion was decided in the context of an ongoing lawsuit against
Time Warner (under the name of its predecessor company, Manhattan
Cable) begun in 1990.
In that suit, the defendant had agreed by
judicially-approved stipulation to preserve the status quo and
continue broadcasting Al Goldstein's program, "Midnight Blue,"
until a final adjudication of the constitutionality of government
regulations affecting "indecent" program, then pending in the D.C.
Circuit.
In the intervening time, Congress amended the Cable Act
to allow cable companies to refuse to carry "indecent" programming
on their systems, and requiring them to take steps to prevent
children from accessing such program if the cable operators decided
to continue providing it to subscribers.
Meanwhile, a 3-judge
panel of the D.C. Circuit held in 1993 that the federal regulations
were unconstitutional, 10 F.3d 812, but the Circuit en banc voted
7-4 to reverse and uphold the regulations, 56 F.3d 105 (1995).
The
D.C. Circuit also issued an order staying its decision while the
opponents of the regulation filed their certiorari petitions with
the Supreme Court.
After the D.C. Circuit en banc ruling, Time Warner apparently
decided to go ahead unilaterally to implement its signal-scrambling
program, without seeking any formal judicial relief from its
stipulation under which it was required to continue carrying
"Midnight Blue."
Goldstein, producer of "Midnight Blue," was
joined by Robin Byrd and Lou Malleta, producers of "The Robin Byrd
Show" and Gay Cable Network programming, respectively, in asking
the court to block Time Warner's scrambling policy.
Time Warner
contended it was not violating the stipulation with Goldstein,
because it would continue to broadcast "Midnight Blue," and that
the stipulation did not apply to Byrd and Malleta.
In his hastily drafted opinion of September 20 (after lengthy oral
arguments on September 18), Judge Sand found that the unilaterally-
adopted scrambling plan did violate the stipulation.
More
significantly, he found that the addition of Malleta to the case
introduced a new element not considered in the D.C. court case: the
argument that potential gay viewers of Gay Cable Network could be
deterred by the requirement of sending in a card specifically
requesting access.
Sand found that this argument tipped the
balance on likelihood of success on the merits more heavily toward
the plaintiffs than in the D.C. case, citing, by analogy, Lamont v.
Postmaster General, 381 U.S. 301 (1965), which he characterized as
"holding unconstitutional a statute which required the Postmaster
not to deliver mail which was `communist political propaganda'
unless the addressee returned a card requesting its delivery. Under
postal regulations, any request to stop delivery of such mail would
be honored.)"
Sand noted that cert petitions had been filed in the
D.C. case, the government's responsive papers were expected to be
filed shortly, and the Supreme Court would likely announce a
decision on certiorari relatively soon.
In light of these
considerations, Time Warner's unilaterally-imposed October 1
deadline appeared quite unreasonable, and Sand preliminarily
enjoined Time Warner from going ahead before a final disposition on
the merits.
A.S.L.
Court Won't Set Ramrod Murderer Free
The New York Appellate Division, First Department, found that
Ronald Crumpley continues to suffer from a dangerous mental
disorder and ordered that he remain in Kirby Forensic Psychiatric
Center, a secure facility, for a period not to exceed one year.
Crumpley v. Wack, 629 N.Y.S.2d 395 (June 20, 1995).
Crumpley was
originally placed in that facility after successfully interposing
an insanity defense after being accused of killing two men and
wounding six others in front of the Ramrod, a New York City gay
bar, in 1980.
Crumpley, a polysubstance abuser, began his life of crime in the
1970s to support his habit.
Late in that decade he began to
believe that gay men were agents of the devil and that they were
out to make him a homosexual.
In November of 1980 he told his
father that he was being pursued by hundreds of gay men.
Crumpley's father, a minister, suggested that he had "a homosexual
problem himself."
Later that month, Crumpley stole a .357 magnum
from a gun store in Virginia and came to New York City.
Still
believing he was being followed by gay men he proceeded to
Washington Street in Greenwich Village and began to shoot at people
he believed to be gay standing outside the Ramrod bar.
Two men
were killed and six others injured.
Many escaped by jumping behind
parked cars.
At trial, Crumpley testified that they had actually escaped by
disappearing magically into the air. . . probably like some sort of
"fairy princess."
At trial, experts testified that Crumpley
believed that homosexuals were controlling his brain.
Crumpley was
found innocent by reason of insanity and sent to a psychiatric
hospital.
At his release hearings in 1993, and a subsequent hearing in 1994,
experts testified that Crumpley suffers from mixed personality
disorder with antisocial traits, paranoid trait and narcissistic
traits.
He was ordered to remain in the hospital.
Crumpley appealed the ruling asking for a hearing before a jury.
The appeal was granted and the jury recommended his release.
Supreme Court Justice Martin Evans vacated the jury verdict and
modified the previous ruling directing that Crumpley be transferred
to a minimum security facility.
Justice Evans' ruling was appealed
to the Appellate Division.
The Appellate Division has the power to
make its own findings of fact when reviewing a non-jury
determination.
Fortunately they did just that.
In a per curiam
opinion, the court found that the evidence on the record was clear
that Crumpley was still very ill and continued to present a danger
to others, so it ordered his continued retention in a high security
facility.
We are safe. . . for the time being.
T.V.L.
D.C. Court of Appeals Reverses Adoption by Lesbian Foster Mother
A 3-judge panel of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
reversed a trial court order granting an adoption petition by the
white lesbian foster mother of a young black boy, finding that the
trial court applied the wrong standard for determining whether the
wishes of the boy's biological mother should be overridden by the
court.
In re T.J., M.D. & C.J., 1995 WL 555106 (Sept. 21).
The
opinion by Associate Judge King makes nothing in particular of the
sexual orientation of the foster mother and her domestic partner,
although it does indicate that "the difficulties and prejudices
[the child] would be faced with as a result of a transracial
lesbian adoption" were among the factors to be considered by the
trial court in determining the adoption petition.
In this case, the biological mother was unable to care for the
child, who lived for short periods in a series of homes before
being placed with the petitioner, M.D., and her domestic partner.
The child, who had been a difficult, developmentally lagging child,
blossomed in the home of M.D. and formed a "fierce attachment" to
M.D. and her partner, a lawyer and a psychologically-trained
sociologist employed by the Children's Defense Fund, respectively,
both of whom went out of their way to reinforce the child's racial
identity.
However, the child's biological mother opposed M.D.'s
adoption petition, expressing her preference that the child be
adopted by a great-aunt, in order to preserve the family tie to the
child.
The trial court decided that as between M.D. and the great-
aunt, the preponderance of the evidence showed that M.D. would be
the preferable parent, noting particularly the child's attachment
with and bonding to M.D. as a parent and expert testimony that
breaking up that bond could cause significant damage to the child's
healthy development.
Judge King wrote that the "preponderance" standard was
inappropriate in a case where the biological mother was competent
to express a preference.
Rather, King wrote, "the court can
`terminate' the parents' right to choose only if the court finds by
clear and convincing evidence that the placement selected by the
parent is clearly not in the child's best interest, and the consent
to adoption has been withheld by the parent contrary to the child's
best interest.
The non-parent seeking adoption must carry that
burden of proof."
In this case, since the trial court also found
the great-aunt to be fully competent to serve as an adoptive parent
for the boy, the non-parent, M.D., did not meet the burden
articulated by the court.
The experts were divided over how
harmful the impact of breaking the bond with M.D. would be, and the
appeals court found that preserving family ties between the boy and
his birth family was an important factor.
This analytical portion
of the opinion makes no mention of M.D.'s sexual orientation as a
factor.
A.S.L.
Military Appeals Court Affirms Sodomy Conviction on Testimony of
Spurned Boyfriend
A court-martial that found a U.S. Air Force captain guilty of
sodomy but acquitted him on charges of marijuana use acted
properly, according to a ruling by the U.S. Air Force Court of
Criminal Appeals, even though both offenses hinged on the testimony
of a single informant.
The three-judge appeals panel upheld the
sodomy conviction and dismissal of Capt. Troy D. Carlyle in U.S. v.
Carlyle, 1995 WL 548483 (A.F. Ct. Crim. App., Aug. 28).
Inconsistent verdicts are not grounds for reversal, held the court.
While the court-martial sitting at Pope Air Force Base in North
Carolina discounted the informant's testimony about alleged
marijuana use by Carlyle, it could still believe the informant's
account of sodomy. It noted that the informant's "accusatory phone
calls to the appellant's commander in the middle of the night and
to the Air Force Office of Special Investigations the following
morning are actions consistent with the outrage expected from a
betrayed boyfriend upon finding the man he loved in bed with
another man."
Carlyle's roommate, identified as Captain T. in the ruling, met the
informant, Mr. B., in August 1991, and the two men began a
relationship. In November of that year, Carlyle accompanied Mr. B.
to Oz, a gay club near the Air Force base. Mr. B. testified that
Carlyle invited him to spend the night, and performed fellatio on
him.
On the night of June 1, 1992, Mr. B. discovered Captain T. in
bed with another man.
Half an hour later, Mr. B. telephoned the
officers' commander and accused Captain T. and Carlyle of
homosexual activity and marijuana use. The next morning, Mr. B.
telephoned the Air Force Office of Special Investigations.
When
Carlyle was questioned about visits to the gay club, which was off-
limits to Air Force personnel, he showed the investigator his
membership card. He denied that he was homosexual, but said that he
had been to gay clubs in several North Carolina cities with Captain
T.
At the court-martial, Carlyle was convicted of failing to obey
the off-limits regulation.
In his appeal, Carlyle argued that the list of off-limits
establishments was not properly posted, and that the "don't ask,
don't tell" policy focuses on homosexual conduct, and does not
encompass mere presence in a gay club.
The appeals board ruled
that Carlyle did not raise these issues at his court-martial, and
thus was barred from raising them on appeal. Furthermore, held the
panel, the off-limits list was posted on bulletin boards and was
broadcast on the cable channel reaching all quarters at Pope Air
Force Base and the nearby Marine base at Ft. Bragg.
M.N.S.
New York Trial Court Voids Application of Zoning Limits to Video
Booths in Adult Bookstore
New York State Supreme Court Justice John DiBlasi ruled in
Barbulean v. City of Newburgh, NYLJ, Sept. 1, p. 28, col.6 (Orange
Co.), that zoning rules being used against an adult bookstore that
installed individual video booths violated the due process clause
of the federal constitution by giving unguided discretion to zoning
officials.
While upholding the right of the municipality to adopt
zoning rules regulating the location of adult uses, DiBlasi found
that the city's zoning rules were fatally flawed because instead of
just listing specific factors upon which zoning authorities were to
rely in determining whether a special use permit was necessary for
the facility, the rules allowed authorities to rely on unspecified
other factors as well.
Specifically, the rules state that "the
Zoning Board of Appeals shall give consideration, among other
things, to any or all of the following as they may be appropriate,"
and then list twelve specific factors.
DiBlasi found that the city
ordinance is "invalid because it vests the Appeals Board with
virtually unlimited discretion to grant or withhold a special use
permit," and thus supported Barbulean's argument that it could be
used through content-based decisions.
A.S.L.
Florida Prosecutors Make Deal to Get at Serial Killer of Gays
Palm Beach County State Attorney Barry Krischer struck a plea
bargain with Sean Stephens, accused of felony murder in the death
of Brenden Meehan, a gay man, under which Stephens will testify
against Ronald Knight, who joined Stephens in the murder.
Knight
is alleged to have previously another gay man, Richard Kunkel,
using a similar approach of luring the man out of a gay bar, then
robbing and murdering him.
Stephens will receive a ten-year prison
term, with eligibility for parole in about seven years.
The
prosecutor hopes to convict Knight on the felony-murder charge and
obtain a death sentence or life imprisonment without parole.
Sun
Sentinel, Sept. 1.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Refuses to Abstain on Lesbian Police Officer's
Retaliation Claim
In an openly-lesbian police officer's suit against her police chief
and related municipal bodies, a New York federal district court
denied the defendants' motion to stay or dismiss pursuant to the
abstention doctrine.
Gubitosi v. Kapica, 1995 WL 500181 (August
10).
The officer was suspended, and charges were brought against
her under a county police protection act, two months after she
"denounced many police practices" during a performance review.
Seeking both reinstatement and damages, the officer then commenced
this litigation, asserting that the suspension and charges
constituted retaliation by the police chief, thereby violating her
free speech and due process rights.
The court held that, even where the necessary predicates for
abstention were present, abstention was not warranted if the
underlying state proceedings were undertaken in bad faith.
The
court cited Cullen v. Fliegner, 18 F.3d 96 (1994), and Lewellen v.
Raff, 843 F.2d 1103 (1988), as supporting this exception to the
abstention doctrine articulated in Younger v. Harris, 401 U.S. 37
(1971).
Crediting the officer's allegations, as was dictated by the
procedural posture of the case, the court held the allegations
sufficient to raise a retaliation claim warranting application of
the bad faith exception to the abstention doctrine.
The officer
alleged that, during her performance review, she accused the police
department of tolerating improper, and sometimes illegal, conduct
by officers, enforcing a strip search policy focussing on female
and African-American detainees, and using public funds for
officers' personal benefit.
R.M.
Federal Court Finds "Imputation of Homosexuality" Still Defamatory
Per Se in New York
How far have we come, really?
In an unofficially published
decision in Murphy v. Pizarrio, 1995 WL 565990 (S.D.N.Y., Sept.
22), U.S. District Judge John F. Keenan, ruling on a motion to
dismiss a defamation claim by a prisoner against a correctional
officer who had called the prisoner a "homosexual," found that New
York law still treats an "imputation of homosexuality" as
defamatory per se, meaning there is no need for the plaintiff to
allege "special damages" because the mere imputation of the
characteristic is considered to constitute an injury.
Keenan cited
N.Y. Appellate Division decisions from 1986 and 1981 as
authorities, noting a contrary Supreme Court ruling from 1962 and
a federal district court ruling from 1984 that cited earlier case
authority.
One might question, in light of social changes since
the mid-1980s, whether the circumstances underlying a rule that an
"imputation of homosexuality" is defamatory per se no longer
pertain in New York.
Changed circumstances include the election
and/or appointment of openly gay public officials, including judges
and legislators, the adoption of policies barring discrimination on
the basis of sexual orientation by New York City (where the alleged
defamatory statement was made), and the establishment of a domestic
partnership registry available to same-sex couples in New York
City. A.S.L.
EEOC Takes A Stand on Same-Sex Workplace Harassment; Virginia
District Court Hostile to Claim, But Florida Court Upholds Damages
Weighing in on an issue that has sharply divided the lower federal
courts in privately-initiated Title VII lawsuits, the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed suit September 7 in
the U.S. District Court in Boston on behalf of three automobile
salesmen who claim to have suffered sexual harassment from their
male supervisor.
EEOC v. H.J. Nassar Motor Co., Inc., No. 95-
11993JLT (E.D.Mass.).
BNA's Daily Labor Report No. 175, 9/11/95,
reports the comment of Spencer H. Lewis, Jr., director of the New
York District Office, that the agency is committed to action to
provide employees "a workplace free of sexual harassment,
regardless of their sex."
The complaint alleges that the
supervisor "grabbed crotches and backsides of his employees and
forcibly kissed them; engaged in sexually offensive conversations
about masturbation and sex acts with men; requested sexual favors
from male employees in exchange for better hours and cars; pulled
down his pants and coerced another employee into pulling down his
pants during a sale meeting." (The quotation is from BNA's report,
not the complaint.)
This sounds like a rather unusual auto
dealership, since the complaint also alleges that the owner was
aware of this conduct by the supervisor but did nothing about it,
even allegedly threatening and intimidating an employee for
complaining about the harassment.
In reading the increasing number of cases dealing with allegations
of same-sex harassment by supervisors, one wonders how often these
cases involve genuinely abusive conduct by supervisors as opposed
to situations where anti-gay employees are trying to get rid of a
gay supervisor; there's really no way of telling from the terse
factual recitals of complaints or judicial opinions.
U.S. District Judge Claude Hilton, who recently upheld the military
anti-gay policy against constitutional attack in the Thomasson
case, issued a decision Aug. 8 dismissing a same-sex harassment
claim brought under Title VII.
Mayo v. Kiwest Corp., 1995 WL
558570 (E.D.Va.).
Jerry Mayo alleged "that he was sexually
harassed by his male supervisor, Richard Flanagan, who made
sexually explicit and vulgar comments to him, grabbed him in a
sexual manner, and told others that Plaintiff was a homosexual."
Mayo alleged that after he complained about this harassment, he was
discharged in retaliation for his complaint.
He also asserted
pendent state law tort claims.
In dismissing the action, Hilton
followed the lead of another 4th Circuit district court in Hopkins
v. Baltimore Gas & Electric Co., 871 F.Supp. 822 (D. Md. 1994),
presently pending on appeal, rejecting both the discrimination and
retaliation claims, and dismissing the pendent claims on
jurisdictional grounds.
On Sept. 5, U.S. District Judge C. Clyde Atkins (S.D.Fla.) affirmed
a damage award of $1.7 million to a woman who claimed she had been
discharged as a result of ending a sexual relationship with the
company's female general manager.
Atkins had previously ruled that
Title VII applied to the plaintiff's sex discrimination complaint,
and awarded the damages after a non-jury trial, subsequently
rejecting a request for a new trial by the employer.
Llampallas v.
Mini-Circuits Lab, Inc., reported in BNA Daily Labor Report No.
185, 9/25/95, p. A-3; Miami Herald, Sept. 19.
The employer's
attorney announced that the company would pursue an appeal,
indicating that he is "hopeful that the 11th Circuit will rule that
same-sex harassment is not covered under Title VII." A.S.L.
Lawsuits Challenge Anti-Gay City Charter Provisions in Oregon
Lawsuits have been filed in two Oregon cities challenging the
constitutionality of voter-enacted city charter amendments that
prohibit civil rights protection for gay people and forbid the
municipalities from spending any money to promote or express
approval of homosexuality.
In Lebanon, suit was filed on behalf of
Sydney "Skip" Jackson, a Presbyterian minister, who invokes the
Presbyterian Church's "official position" of support for "full
civil rights for gays and lesbians."
Lebanon's anti-gay amendment
was enacted in 1993.
In Albany, suit was filed on behalf of Mary
Bonds, a counselor for the Linn County Juvenile Department,
challenging the 1994 amendment.
Unfortunately, the brief newspaper
report in The Oregonian on Aug. 23 provides no further details
about the theories of the lawsuits or in which courts they were
filed.
A.S.L.
District Court Rules Again In Long-Running Challenge to New Jersey
Anti-Discrimination Law
U.S. District Judge William G. Bassler (D.N.J.) ruled Sept. 13 in
the latest installment in the long-running saga of Presbytery of
New Jersey v. Florio, Civ. No. 92-1641.
The Orthodox Presbyterian
Church, its Wildwood, New Jersey affiliate, and Rev. David B.
Cummings, the plaintiffs, charged that the New Jersey law banning
sexual orientation discrimination, enacted in the last days of the
Democratic legislature that was voted out in a massive tax revolt,
violated their First Amendment rights of free exercise of religion
and freedom of speech.
Most of the issues in the case had been
permanently resolved against the plaintiffs, but the 3rd Circuit
had ruled that Rev. Cummings still had some live claims as an
individual whose rights might be threatened by enforcement of the
law, despite an affidavit from the enforcement authority
disclaiming any intention to enforce the sexual orientation
provisions against religious institutions or authorities based on
their opposition to lesbian and gay rights.
In this lengthy
opinion, designated as not for publication, Judge Bassler
ultimately concluded after much detailed analysis of issues of
ripeness, standing and abstention, that a ruling on the merits of
Rev. Cummings' claim should await an adjudication by the state
courts about the scope of the law's application to him.
Along the
way, Bassler narrowed the issues even further by ruling against
Cummings on the merits as to some of his remaining claims.
A.S.L.
Court Rejects Bias Suit by Lesbian Couple Seeking Insemination
The Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that Hennepin County District
Judge Robert Schiefelbein dismissed an action under the state's
Human Rights Law alleging sexual orientation discrimination by a
doctor at an obstetrics & gynecology clinic in St. Louis Park.
Heeney v. Erhard (Sept. 13).
Karen Heeney and Julia Beatty
requested that Dr. Lisa Erhard artificially inseminate Heeney and
deliver the resulting child.
Erhard refused the request.
Heeney
and Beatty sued under the state law forbidding sexual orientation
discrimination, but the judge found that this situation was not
covered under the law.
"This court feels that a determination
compelling or prohibiting artificial insemination by donor in a
lesbian is a matter of policy for the state Legislature, not the
courts," he wrote, noting as well that the 1993 Human Rights Act
amendment adding sexual orientation also emphasized the state's
policy favoring heterosexual marriage over other "lifestyles."
In
defending the case, Erhard's attorney argued that she had not
turned down the request because of the sexual orientation of Heeney
and Beatty, but rather due to her unavailability for the schedule
required for artificial insemination, a procedure she did not
normally perform.
The plaintiffs' lawyer, Patricia Gambill, told
the newspaper that they were undecided about whether to file an
appeal.
A.S.L.
Chicago Hearing Officer Rules Against Scouts in Discrimination Case
Chicago Human Rights Hearing Officer Jeffrey L. Taren ruled that
the Chicago Area Council of Boy Scouts of America violated the
city's human rights law by responding negatively to an employment
inquiry from G. Keith Richardson, a former Eagle Scout, on account
of his sexual orientation.
Richardson telephoned the Council,
asking whether it would hire a gay man, and was told "No way."
Taren rejected the respondent's argument that it was a religious
organization exempt from complying with the sexual orientation
provisions of the ordinance.
Taren found, "There is nothing
associated with the hiring of an openly gay man which would require
the Respondent to alter anything other than its discriminatory
hiring policy."
Chicago Tribune, Sept. 20.
A.S.L.
Credentials Threatened for S.F. Science Teachers Over Talk by Gay
Group
A committee on teacher credentials has recommended to the
California Teacher Credentialing Commission that two San Francisco
high school science teachers have their teaching credentials
revoked as a result of a 1992 incident when a classroom speaker
from Community United Against Violence, a gay anti-violence group,
made sexually explicit comments to a class of eleventh graders.
According to news reports, the teachers had combined their classes
to hear the speakers, who engaged in discussion with the students
that led to some sexual comments by one of the speakers.
When
students told their parents what had happened, all hell broke lose.
Parent complaints to the school administration were rebuffed, on
the ground that the teachers themselves had done nothing wrong.
But the parents then filed charges with the credentialing
commission.
The teachers were not named in news reports.
The
committee recommendation now goes to an administrative law judge,
whose decision is subject to review by the Commission and eventual
appeal to the courts.
A spokesperson for the teacher's union
expressed shock at the committee's recommendation, and a
spokesperson for the San Francisco Unified School District cited
the good records of the teachers and urged that the commission "let
them continue their careers."
San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 26 &
27; San Francisco Examiner, Sept. 28.
A.S.L.
NY Court System Proposes to Collect Sexual Orientation Data in
Capital Cases
In rules proposed to implement New York State's new capital
punishment law, the state's highest court has proposed a
requirement that court clerks record the "sexual preference or
behavior" of capital defendants and victims on a data form that
must be submitted to the Court of Appeals within 45 days of the
trial court's disposition of a case where the indictment seeks the
death penalty.
(The forms need not be submitted if the indictment
is dismissed or the defendant is acquitted.) The categories
available for the clerk to designate for this information are
"heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, transvestite" or "unknown."
Apparently the New York Court of Appeals can't conceive that a
transsexual would be indicted for a capital offense?
(Or could it
be that the Court's rule-drafters are unaware of the distinctions
between transsexuals and homosexuals or between transsexuals and
transvestites?)
The Court is accepting written comments on the
proposed rules (which are to be submitted in duplicate) until
October 16.
Comments can be addressed to The Hon. Donald M.
Sheraw, Clerk of the Court of Appeals, 20 Eagle Street, Albany, New
York 12207-1095.
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
It was belatedly revealed late in August that Virginia Beach,
Virginia, City Manager James Spore last spring unilaterally amended
city employment policies to ban anti-gay discrimination or
harassment.
Spore acted on the recommendation of the city's Equal
Employment Opportunity Advisory Committee.
Apparently, action by
the city council or the mayor are not required.
The change in
policy came to light due to the efforts of Virginians for Justice,
a gay rights lobbying group.
Three other Virginia cities,
Alexandria, Arlington, and Charlottesville, have formal policies
prohibiting sexual orientation discrimination in city employment.
Daily Press, August 26.
Trying to contain a growing unrest on the part of local gay
citizens and gay tourists, the town council of the resort community
of Saugatuck, Michigan, passed a resolution condemning anti-gay
discrimination, but stuck to its July vote against adopting a
formal ordinance to that effect.
The ordinance was proposed after
a gay couple reported being discriminated against by a guest house
in the community.
Detroit Free Press, Sept. 16.
A.S.L.
Domestic Partnership & Marriage Notes
Additional employers reported to be extending domestic partnership
benefits to the same-sex partners (and their dependents) of
employees:
Holland & Knight, a 1,000+ employee law firm in
Florida, announced extension of benefits effective September 1.
The action was taken at the instigation of an openly gay partner,
Greg Baldwin. * * * Glaxo Wellcome, Inc., the American subsidiary
of Burroughs Wellcome, the manufacturer of AZT and the world's
largest pharmaceutical company, announced it would extend medical
and dental benefits to the same-sex partners of lesbian and gay
employees.
(Both H&K and Glaxo reports were from the Sun Sentinel,
a Florida paper, on Aug. 31.) * * * Syracuse University (in
Syracuse, N.Y.) has decided to recognize same-sex domestic partners
of employees, who will be eligible for free tuition, discounts at
university stores, counseling and job-placement services.
The
university is negotiating with its insurers to extend health and
life insurance benefits "soon," according to a university
spokesperson. Buffalo New, Sept. 2.
* * *
Vermont Public Radio
reported Sept. 22 that the town council of Middlebury, Vermont,
voted to extend health insurance and family leave to domestic
partners of municipal employees.
State employees of Vermont
already enjoy domestic partnership benefits by virtue of a
collective bargaining agreement.
As work continued in Congress on a new appropriations bill for the
District of Columbia budget, it appeared possible that for the
first time language might be removed that had blocked the District
from implementing its domestic partnership benefits plan for city
employees, according to a Sept. 15 report in the Washington Blade.
The Boston Globe, Aug. 28, reported that the Provincetown,
Massachusetts, town clerk's office has been doing a brisk business
in domestic partnership ceremonies.
P-town adopted a domestic
partnership ordinance in 1993 that is not limited to residents of
the town.
Many vacationing couples have taken advantage of the
situation to register their partnerships and receive an official
certificate.
"Tangible" perks: partners can visit each other in
intensive-care units or jail holding cells.
Problem: P-town has
neither a hospital nor a jail.
But just in case they ever decide
to build either. . .
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
Maine Governor Angus King, a political independent, as well as
Democratic House Speaker Dan Gwadosky and Democratic Attorney
General Andrew Ketterer, have declared their opposition to Question
1, the anti-gay ballot measure that will be proposed to voters in
the November election.
Joining them in opposition are the Maine
Chamber of Commerce, the Maine Council of Churches, and the Maine
Medical Association.
Boston Globe, Sept. 13.
Judges of the federal courts in the 9th Circuit, meeting during the
summer for their annual conference, approved a resolution asking
the circuit's judicial council to amend the circuit's current non-
discrimination in employment rules to add sexual orientation.
Oregonian, Sept. 3.
At its annual meeting in Chicago, the American Bar Association
House of Delegates approved a resolution that "supports the
enactment of legislation and the implementation of public policy
providing that child custody and visitation shall not be denied or
restricted on the basis of sexual orientation."
The ABA's Section
of Individual Rights and Responsibilities was the lead sponsor,
with the Family Law and Litigation Sections co-sponsoring, together
with the National Association of Women Judges, National Association
of Women Lawyers, and the National Lesbian and Gay Law Association.
The Portland, Oregon, School Board approved a resolution on Aug. 31
to ban employers who discriminate from access to the public
schools.
In a second resolution, the Board identified the United
States armed forces as an employer banned from access under this
policy.
Oregonian, Sept. 3.
Alexandria, Virginia, Circuit Judge Donald M. Haddock ruled Aug. 30
that same-sex couples may not resort to the state's domestic
relations courts for assistance with their disputes, according to
the Washington Blade, Sept. 1.
Ellis Early, an Alexandria
resident, sought the assistance of the Alexandria Juvenile and
Domestic Relations Court in dealing with abuse by his partner.
In
a 1994 ruling, Virginia Attorney General James S. Gilmore opined
that same-sex couples were not recognized as family members and
thus would have to initiate tort actions in the state's general
district courts rather than seek retraining orders from the
domestic relations courts.
The California State Assembly's Rules Committee defeated a proposed
resolution calling for restoration of ROTC units at campuses in the
state university system.
Several of the campuses have excluded
ROTC because of its discriminatory policy against participation by
lesbian or gay students.
Assembly Member Sheila Kuehl, a Democrat
from Santa Monica who is the Assembly's only openly lesbian or gay
member, spearheaded opposition to the resolution.
Sacramento Bee,
Sept. 1.
Barbra Kavanaugh has become the first openly lesbian or gay person
to be elected to citywide office in Buffalo, New York, which her
recent election to the city's Common Council.
But Jonathan Wilson,
a Des Moines, Iowa, school board member who announced that he was
gay, was defeated for reelection after serving three terms on the
board, after being targeted for defeat in a vigorous campaign by
the Christian Coalition.
For only the second time in its history, the Episcopal Church will
hold a heresy trial.
The defendant, Retired Bishop Walter C.
Righter, is charged with having ordained an openly gay, non-
celibate man as an Episcopal priest.
His prosecutors charge that
this violated the Church's rules, but Righter claims that no
authoritative Church doctrine prohibited his actions, and pointed
out that other, less vulnerable bishops had done the same thing and
not been challenged in this way.
Oregonian, Sept. 24. A.S.L.
International Notes
The World Council of Churches, which has scheduled its Eighth World
Assembly for Harare, Zimbabwe, in September 1998, is seeking
assurances from the government in that country that lesbian and gay
delegates to the conference will be able to attend without
harassment, in light of the recent "crackdown" on homosexuals
spearheaded by the nation's president, Robert Mugabe.
Phoenix
Gazette, Sept. 23.
The British Defense Ministry announced Sept. 4 that it had
appointed a special team of representatives from the army, navy and
air force to prepare a report on Britain's ban on military service
by lesbians and gay men.
The report is due in January.
This
action appears to be responding to a court decision issued in June
that upheld the policy against legal challenge but suggested that
it should be abandoned.
New York Times, Sept. 5.
The Appeals Committee for Israel's Fallen Soldier's Families Law
denied a survivor's benefits claim by the surviving same-sex
partner of a military officer.
Colonel Doron Meizel and his
partner, Adir Steiner, lived together eight years prior to
Steiner's death.
Although the plain language of the law appears to
apply only to spouses or opposite-sex cohabitants, the Appeals
Committee went out of its way to distance itself from the Israel
Supreme Court's recent decision in the Denilowitz case (holding
that El Al Airlines had to recognize the same-sex domestic partner
of a flight attendant).
It asserted: "Partners in a same-sex
couple cannot give birth and therefore cannot conceptually have a
family.
The non-recognition of the marriage of the plaintiff and
the deceased is not, as the plaintiff's lawyer claims, the by-
product of Israeli law, but a by-product of the law of nature."
The Committee also asserted that "homosexual relations contradict
the values of the state of Israel as a `Jewish state;'" thus, the
Committee members would presumably disagree with the Supreme
Court's interpretation of the Basic Law, under which the Court
found El Al's non-recognition unlawful.
We are indebted to Alon
Harel of Hebrew University for assistance in reporting on this
decision, which was briefly described in a Reuters bulletin on Aug.
28.
Israel will conduct a census in October, and for the first time,
lesbians and gay men who live together and define themselves as
"married" will be treated as partners in census records, according
to an article from Yediot Ahronot (Sept. 22), a daily newspaper, as
disseminated to subscribers of the GayJews list on the Internet.
In response to inquiries from Amit Kama, the Executive Director of
the Society for the Protection of Personal Rights in Israel (the
umbrella group for gay rights activities in the country), census
officials confirmed that any couple who represent themselves as
married will be counted as such for census purposes.
Our French correspondent reports that a major French insurance
company recently decided not to appeal the July 25 decision of the
Belfort criminal court that recognized a lesbian couple as family
members and ordered the company to pay 732,121 francs in damages
and interest to a lesbian after the death of her companion of 10
years in an auto accident caused by the company's insured.
Unmarried heterosexual domestic partners in France can obtain
partnership certificates from local municipalities that are useful
for obtaining public housing, and certain rights under the national
health care program, as well as reduced family travel rates on
public transit.
On Sept. 21, the Atlantic port city of Saint-
Nazaire announced it would also issue such certificates to same-sex
couples.
This apparently set off a stampede to follow suit by
left-wing local administrations, including several within the city
of Paris and the city of Strasbourg.
The Mayor of Paris announced
his belief that the certificates were illegal, but the Mayor of the
11th District within Paris countered that Paris issued cohabitation
certificates to heterosexual couples despite the lack of precise
legal authorization to do so, and said, "There is no reason why
homosexuals should not receive them as well."
(Based on Reports
from Reuters, Associated Press, and our Paris Correspondent.)
The Canadian House of Commons voted 124-52 to reject a proposal to
extend legal recognition to same-sex marriages.
The proponent of
the measure, openly-gay Bloc Quebecois member Real Menard, told the
French-language newspaper La Presse that the recognition of civil
rights for individual lesbians and gay men in Canada without
concomitant recognition of couples was "incoherent" and vowed to
continue to press this issue.
There was no party discipline on the
vote, but a future attempt to pass legislation banning anti-gay
discrimination by the government, sponsored by the Liberal
governing party, is expected to be a party-line vote. A.S.L.
Professional Notes
The King County (Seattle, Washington) Bar Association's Task Force
on Lesbian and Gay Issues in the Legal Profession has published its
final report, "In Pursuit of Equality."
The 75-page report,
accompanied by a 252-page documentary appendix, appears to be the
most comprehensive statement to date on the issue of anti-gay
discrimination in the legal profession and steps to remedy the
problem.
The 23-member Task Force was chaired by Scott A. Smith,
a partner at Short, Cressman & Burgess in Seattle.
To obtain a
copy of the report, call the King County Bar Association at 206-
624-9365. A.S.L.
AIDS AND RELATED LEGAL NEWS BRIEFS
Delaware Supreme Court Dismissed Patient Claims Against Estate of
Dentist Who Died From AIDS
In a decision issued Sept. 8, the Delaware Supreme Court upheld
dismissal of various tort claims against the estate of Dr. Raymond
P. Owens, a dentist who died from AIDS on March 1, 1991.
Brzoska
v. Olson, 1995 WL 558413.
However, the court revived a claim of
fraudulent misrepresentation, based on allegations by some of Dr.
Owens' patients that he had misrepresented his health status to
them, while at the same time limiting the scope of potential
recovery on those claims after trial.
Dr. Owens was diagnosed with AIDS in March 1989.
He kept the
diagnosis secret and continued to serve his patients.
However, his
health began to deteriorate severely toward the end of 1990 as he
developed lesions and suffered memory loss and weakness.
In
February 1991, his own doctor recommended that he cease practice,
he was hospitalized late that month and died on March 1.
Shortly
after his death, the state Health Department notified all his
patients who had received treatment since his AIDS diagnosis that
they should obtain HIV testing.
Of the 630 patients who obtained
such testing, none received a positive test result.
Nonetheless,
38 patients joined in a class action against the doctor's estate,
alleging negligence, battery, and misrepresentation.
The trial
court granted summary judgment to the defendant, and the plaintiffs
appealed the battery and misrepresentation claims.
Justice Walsh, writing for the court, found that as none of the
patients had tested HIV+ or alleged actual exposure to Dr. Owens'
infected body fluids, they had not stated an injury, which is an
essential element for the tort of battery.
The plaintiffs argued
that their injury was the fear of developing AIDS (expressed as
mental anguish) that they sustained when they learned that Dr.
Owens had AIDS while treating them.
They also argued that had they
known of his health status, they would not have consented to
treatment; thus, they sought to premise recovery on the theory that
they had been subjected to a nonconsensual offensive touching.
The court refused to accept these arguments.
Citing statistics
showing the very remote possibility that Dr. Owens could have
transmitted HIV to a patient (the Health Department found that he
always wore gloves and his infection control procedures were "above
average"), Walsh wrote that fear of infection in this case "is
based on uninformed apprehension, not reality.
In such
circumstances, the fear of contracting AIDS is per se unreasonable
without proof of actual exposure to HIV.
In our view, the mere
fear of contracting AIDS, in the absence of actual exposure to HIV,
is not sufficient to impose liability on a health care provider.
AIDS phobia, standing alone, cannot form the basis for recovery of
damages, even under a battery theory because the underlying
causation/harm nexus is not medically supportable."
As to the "lack of informed consent" argument, Walsh asserted that
so long as Dr. Owens performed the particular procedures that the
patients had agreed to, he had not exceeded their consent.
"A
physician may be held liable for battery when he or she obtains the
consent of the patient to perform one procedure and the physician
instead performs a substantially different procedure for which
consent was not obtained.
A patient's consent is not vitiated,
however, when the patient is touched in exactly the way he or she
consented.
If a health care provider violates his or her duty of
care in obtaining the consent of the patient by failing to disclose
all relevant information (risks) that a reasonable person would
deem significant in making a decision to have the procedure, the
action should be pleaded in negligence -- not battery."
However, the plaintiffs alleged that several of them, noting the
doctor's symptoms, had inquired about his health and were
specifically assured that he did not have AIDS.
Although if true
this would constitute an intentional misrepresentation upon which
patients relied in consenting to treatment, again the court found
that fear of AIDS would not by itself constitute sufficient injury
to underlie an intentional tort action.
On the other hand, some
patients claimed they incurred expenses in obtaining private HIV
testing and counseling because they were too embarrassed to go to
the Health Department clinic where free testing had been offered.
The court remanded this claim for a determination at trial whether
these plaintiffs had acted reasonably under the circumstances; if
so, they might have monetary claims against the estate.
Justice Duffy (who retired after the argument of this case), filed
a partial dissent, asserting that the court had misconstrued the
law of battery and that the plaintiffs had stated viable battery
claims.
Reviewing the factual allegations, Duffy asserted that the
plaintiffs might reasonably fear exposure to HIV under the
circumstances, so that this was not a case of mindless "AIDS
phobia" but rather genuine, well-founded fear.
Duffy also,
consistently, objected to the court's narrow view of the damages
that might be obtainable in the misrepresentation claim.
A.S.L.
Ohio Federal Court Dismisses First Amendment Claims of ACT UP
Protesters
In Schwitzgebel v. City of Strongville, 1995 WL 529361 (N.D.Ohio,
Aug. 28), the court granted defendants' motion for summary judgment
on plaintiffs' claim that their First Amendment rights had been
violated when they were arrested at a Bush-Quayle presidential
campaign rally held on the public commons of Strongville, Ohio, on
October 28, 1992.
A commotion ensued when plaintiffs, members of
ACT UP, held up signs which said "The Government Has Blood On Its
Hands!" and "1,500,000 Dead From AIDS. Stop This Monster! ACT UP."
Plaintiffs began this action after various misdemeanor charges
against them were dropped.
In granting summary judgment to defendants, the court relied on the
three-part analytical framework set out by the Sixth Circuit in
Bishop v. Reagan-Bush '84 Comm., 819 F.2d 289 (1987), which
requires 1) that the relevant forum be ascertained, 2) that the
nature of the forum, public or private, be determined, and 3) that
the justification for exclusion from the relevant forum be assessed
against the requisite standard.
A central question thus was
whether the city had the right to convert an historically public
forum into a private forum by issuing a permit that clearly allowed
the permittee to control access to the forum.
After reviewing the
history of inconclusive debate on this subject the court sided with
the view expressed in Irish Subcommittee v. Rhode Island Heritage
Comm'n, 646 F.Supp. 347 (D.R.I. 1986), that the government could
not create a non-public forum within a public forum without
destroying the significant character of the public forum.
The court concluded that while the city may have intended to turn
the public commons into a private forum, it nonetheless remained a
"public forum" by virtue of the permit issuance.
Consequently,
exclusion of plaintiffs was justified for the usual reasons
supporting permits: namely the view that permit systems embody the
content neutral, narrowly tailored, time, place, and manner
regulations that the Supreme Court has long accepted as permissible
restrictions on expressive conduct.
Quoting extensively from
Sanders v. U.S. (D.D.C. 1981), 518 F.Supp. 728, aff'd w/o op. 679
F.2d 262 (D.C. Cir. 1982), the court concluded that the government
has a significant interest in guaranteeing that all citizens have
the opportunity to participate in events and demonstrations of
their own choosing without the interference of counter groups or
demonstrators who would be as readily granted permits of their own
for rallies which would enjoy the same protection. D.P.
HIV Discrimination Judgment Sustained on Appeal
An Illinois appeals court upheld a judgment in favor of a cook who
was discharged for having HIV.
Raintree Healthcare Center v. Human
Rights Commission, 1995 WL 505002 (Ill.App.1st Dist. Aug. 25).
In 1987, Raintree Healthcare Center hired James Davis to work in
its Evanston, Illinois, nursing home.
In January, 1988, Davis
disclosed his HIV+ status to Raintree's administrator, Burton Behr.
The Illinois Administrative code prohibited nursing homes from
employing persons suspected of having infectious diseases.
Behr
made several calls to the Illinois Department of Public Health to
ask if Davis could continue working despite his HIV status; the
answers were vague but negative.
Behr sent Davis home, advising
him to get a note from his doctor indicating whether he could work.
Davis returned with a note stating that HIV was a transmissible
disease, but that he should be allowed to work provided proper
precautions were followed.
Behr refused to allow Davis to return
to work.
In February, 1988, Davis filed a claim with the Illinois Department
of Human Rights.
After investigation, the Department filed suit
against Raintree in 1989.
Raintree offered Davis another job for
comparable pay at its Highland Park facility fifty miles away; he
refused because the commute was too long for public transportation.
In 1992, an ALJ found that Raintree violated the Illinois Human
Rights Act; the ALJ awarded more than $20,000 backpay and interest,
plus nearly $30,000 attorneys' fees.
Justice Zwick began the majority's review by noting that the ALJ's
decision will be upheld if there is competent evidence to support
it.
The Human Rights Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of
a physical handicap, including a determinable physical
characteristic of a disease (such as HIV status).
Raintree
conceded that a prima facie case had been established, but argued
that the regulation prohibiting the employment of PWAs in nursing
homes provided a legitimate reason for its decision.
The court
disagreed, upholding the ALJ's rulings that (1) eligibility for
employment must be based on individual capacity, not blanket
restrictions (2) the regulation applied only to people with
full-blown AIDS, not everyone with HIV, and (3) an employer may not
rely on a good-faith belief that a decision is justified by a
regulation (ignorance of the law is no excuse. . . ).
The court
also noted that Raintree had presented no evidence as to why the
plaintiff could work in its Highland Park facility but not in its
Evanston facility, except that the other employees in Evanston knew
the plaintiff had HIV.
In dissent, Justice Rakowski argued that Raintree tried diligently
to comply with laws relating to the employment of PWAs in nursing
homes, and had followed the only information available from the
relevant state agencies.
Justice Rakowski also criticized the
majority's distinction between HIV and AIDS in the context of the
case, noting that even the plaintiff's doctor had used the two
synonymously.
O.R.D.
Hawaii Law Bars Court-Ordered HIV Test
A Hawaii trial court may not order a sex offender to undergo an HIV
test as part of a plea agreement, according to a recent ruling by
Hawaii's Intermediate Court of Appeals, because the prosecutor did
not mention such a requirement in negotiations with the defendant
and raised the issue only at the sentencing hearing.
In a
unanimous decision, a three-member panel held in Hawaii v. Abbott,
1995 WL 499001 (Aug. 23) that a judge may not order HIV testing as
a condition of parole, because Hawaii law forbids testing for the
AIDS virus without informed consent. Here, "the defendant could not
reasonably have expected that the state would request such testing
as a condition of probation."
Bobby Darren Abbott was charged with three counts of sexual assault
in the third degree in June 1992 for knowingly having sex with a
person under 14 years old.
Abbott pleaded no contest to the first
charge in a plea agreement. In return, the two other counts were
dropped and the state recommended a sentence of five years
probation. The prosecutor reserved the right to ask for a one-year
jail term and argue for "other terms and conditions" such as fines
and counseling.
At the sentencing hearing in October 1992, the
state recommended that in addition to five years probation, Abbott
serve one year in prison, without credit for five months of
pretrial detention. The prosecutor also asked the judge to order
Abbott to undergo HIV testing and provide the results to the
victim's family.
Despite the recommendation of the prosecutor, the
judge sentenced Abbott to five years in prison, with credit for
time served, and ordered him to undergo an HIV test. Abbott then
filed a motion for reconsideration of the sentence and assignment
of a new judge, arguing that the state breached its plea agreement.
In conducting de novo review, the appellate panel noted that "the
touchstone for determining whether a breach of a plea agreement has
occurred is whether the defendant has reasonable grounds for
reliance on his interpretation of the prosecutor's promise, and
whether the defendant in fact relied to his detriment on that
promise." Even in cases where the state "technically complies with
every term" a higher court may find a breach of the spirit of a
plea agreement.
In granting the motion for resentencing before
a new judge, the Court of Appeals noted that Abbott did not give
his informed consent for HIV testing, in violation of Hawaii law.
The state also argued that a similar statute authorizes a court to
order release of records of an HIV+ person on a showing of good
cause by the party seeking release. In rejecting this argument, the
appellate panel noted, "Nowhere does that statute authorize the
court to order testing, and the state's contention is thus
meritless." M.N.S.
Federal Jury Awards Damages to Defendant Improperly Tested for HIV
A jury in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania awarded $5,100 damages to Peter Walker, who alleged
that police had improperly had him tested for HIV when he was
apprehended after a scuffle that involved some bleeding.
Walker v.
Upper Merion, No. 94-4888 (Jury verdict on Aug. 22).
Walker's
attorney, Alan M. Lerner of the University of Pennsylvania Law
School's Legal Assistance Office, said he would ask the judge to
order HIV training for the Upper Merion, Pa., police department.
AIDS Policy & Law, Sept. 8, p. 4. A.S.L.
Eighth Circuit Says PWA Must Go To Prison For Violating Terms of
Supervised Release
U.S. v. Stephens, 1995 WL 534817 (8th Cir., June 15, 1995),
involved Earnest Stephens, a person with AIDS who had received a
three-year supervised release sentence following his conviction on
counterfeiting and related charges.
Stephens appealed the
revocation of his supervised release on the grounds that "the court
erred in considering his need for medical treatment for AIDS as a
factor in revoking his supervised release and imposing a sentence
of imprisonment."
Stephens missed six probation appointments and
failed to submit urine samples, as required under the terms of his
supervised release.
At the revocation hearing Stephens offered his
AIDS, which he said caused him to tire easily, as among the reasons
for his failure to keep the required appointments.
The record
showed that the hearing examiner found Stephens clearly in
violation of the conditions of his supervised release, and felt as
well that it was in his best interest to be placed in a federal
facility where he could receive regular medical attention.
In affirming the judgment of the district court, this court relied
on 18 U.S.C.A. section 3538(g)(3), which requires the revocation of
supervised release for refusal to comply with drug testing imposed
as a condition of the release.
The court held that it was
immaterial that Stephens' need for medical treatment was taken into
account, and that it was not deciding whether the partial reliance
on the need for medical treatment would be appropriate in a case
where the revocation was not clearly mandatory.
Because he failed
to comply with the terms of his release, his actions were "knowing
and willful failure," justifying imposition of the mandatory
sentence.
D.P.
Ohio Court Denies HIV Test to State Prisoner
In State ex. rel. Peeples v. Anderson, 73 Ohio St.3d 559, 653
N.E.2d 559 (Aug. 30), the appellant, Peeples, a prisoner in an Ohio
state prison, had been attacked by another prisoner and somehow
exposed to the attacker's blood. The attacker had tested positive
for HIV. Peeples filed a writ of mandamus in state court to compel
the warden to provide him with periodic HIV testing, which, he
alleged, the warden refused to provide when Peeples refused to make
a statement conceding that he was a homosexual or had engaged in
other voluntary activities during which he could contract the
virus.
The lower court dismissed the action for failure to state a cause
of action, and Peeples appealed to the state Supreme Court. The
Supreme Court affirmed, ruling that while Peeples' complaint did
state a cause of action, mandamus would not lie because Peeples had
an adequate remedy at law, in the form of an action under 42 U.S.C.
sec. 1983, which could provide for declaratory, injunctive and/or
monetary relief. Two justices dissented, arguing that the remedy at
law was inadequate, as it would be too time-consuming. Peoples
needed to know whether he was infected, and so did others,
including the prison staff and other inmates with whom he might
come in contact. The dissenters stated that Peeples's request was
legitimate, inexpensive and not burdensome on the state.
S.K.
Ohio Appeals Court Finds No Violation of HIV-Consent Law in
Accidental Testing
Here's a strange one.
The John Doe plaintiff learned that he was
HIV+, but kept the information secret.
He went to the Ohio State
University hospital with intense stomach pains and was diagnosed
with a kidney stone.
The doctor ordered some blood tests.
While
the nurse was filling out the test requisition form, Doe told her
that he was HIV+, urging her to make a notation to inform the lab
so that proper precautions would be used in handling his blood.
The nurse wrote "HIV+" on the requisition form in a box labelled
"other tests."
The lab, thinking this was an order for an HIV
test, ran the test and reported the positive result to the state
Health Department.
When Doe found out what had happened, he
confronted the doctor, who denied ordering the test.
OSU employees
told Doe they would investigate the matter, but when nothing was
forthcoming, he filed suit against the hospital, alleging a
violation of Ohio R.C. 3701.241 et seq., which requires informed
consent for HIV testing.
Doe v. Ohio State University Hospitals,
1995 WL 559967 (Ohio Ct. App., 10th Dist., Sept. 19).
The trial court characterized this as a negligence suit, and found
that a reasonable person receiving the requisition would interpret
it as a physician's order to perform an HIV test.
Since OSU
required physicians to obtain informed consent, the lab could
reasonably assume that such consent had been obtained.
The trial
court thus ruled for the defendant, and Doe appealed.
The court of
appeals, in an opinion by Judge Petree, affirmed, but on different
reasoning.
It held that this was not a negligence case; rather it
was an allegation of breach of the consent statute.
However, the
enforcement provision of the statute authorizes claims only for
"knowing" violations.
Doe's complaint failed to claim that anybody
had knowingly sought to violate his right to be free of non-
consensual HIV testing.
The doctor never ordered a test, the nurse
apparently did not think she was ordering a test, and the lab gave
the requisition form its logical interpretation in light of the
circumstances.
The court rejected Doe's argument that the statute was violated
simply by the fact that he was tested without his consent.
Wrote
Petree, "This court finds that plaintiff must demonstrate that
defendant had actual awareness that R.C. 3071.242(A) had been
violated, or, at the very least, plaintiff must establish facts
from which knowledge could be inferred."
Petree found it apparent
that a mistake was made by the nurse, but there was no indication
the hospital had "knowingly" violated the statute.
A.S.L.
Some Viatical Settlement Schemes May Be Subject to Federal
Securities Law Regulation
U.S. District Judge Lamberth ruled Aug. 30 in Securities and
Exchange Commission v. Life Partners, Inc., 1995 WL 517641
(D.D.C.), that the largest "viatical settlement organizer" in the
country has violated federal securities laws by failing to register
as a broker/dealer and by running afoul of antifraud statutes
administered by the SEC.
The key issue in the case is whether
LPI's product can be labelled a "security" subject to federal
securities laws.
LPI purchases the right to payment under life
insurance policies from people with AIDS who are diagnosed to have
a life expectancy of less than two years.
LPI then markets
fractional interests in the proceeds of those policies to
investors, with LPI serving as a middle-man/agent for the
investors.
Judge Lamberth's analysis is beyond the range of topics
normally covered in Law Notes, and the opinion is mentioned here
merely to alert those who might have a particular interest in the
subject matter so that they can seek out a copy of the opinion.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Dismisses Harassment Claims by HIV+ Employee
In a confusingly oblique unofficially published opinion, U.S.
District Judge Frye granted the employer's motion to dismiss
various statutory and common law claims brought by William
Sexsmith, an employee of Marriott International, Inc., in Portland,
Oregon.
Sexsmith v. Marriott Int'l, Inc., 1995 WL 545497 (D.Or.,
Sept. 7).
Sexsmith alleged sex discrimination, disability
discrimination, wrongful discharge, infliction of emotional
distress, and violations of the Portland Civil Code in state court,
and Marriott removed the action to federal court under diversity
jurisdiction.
He claimed that a male supervisor made harassing
comments about his sex life, refused to discipline another male
employee who allegedly made unwelcome sexual advances to Sexsmith,
and retaliated against Sexsmith for making his complaints.
All
this while the supervisor knew Sexsmith was HIV+ and had been
warned by his doctor to avoid stressful circumstances.
The court
found that the Portland Civil Code was not enforceable in state
court when this complaint was filed, that the state tort claims
were not valid, thus dismissing all the pendent state claims on
Marriott's motion.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
Presidential politics and AIDS Prevention: The New York Times
reported Sept. 13 that Elizabeth Hanford Dole, president of the
American Red Cross (ARC) and wife of GOP Presidential hopeful
Senator Robert Dole, prevailed on ARC's board of directors to take
the unusual step of intervening in the details of an AIDS
prevention program devised by ARC's professional staff to reduce
the level of sexual explicitness in leaflets, videos and
instructional manuals.
Some disaffected ARC officials told The
Times that the move appeared politically motivated at a time when
Sen. Dole is "tilting" rightward in his battle with more right-wing
candidates for the GOP 1996 nomination.
Official spokespersons for
ARC denied that there was any political motivation.
The
educational efforts in question are being financed with a $5
million federal grant.
A joint advisory panel of the National Research Council and the
Institute of Medicine of the National Institutes of Health
concluded that needle exchange programs can slow the rate of HIV
transmission in drug-using populations without stimulating an
increase in the number of IV-drug users.
Indeed, the panel
concluded that needle exchange programs may help in diverting drug
users into rehabilitation programs.
The panel's report received
national press attention during the week of Sept. 18, and Assistant
Secretary of Health Philip R. Lee announced that the report would
be reviewed for action by the administration.
At present,
restrictions in federal appropriations measures preclude the use of
federal funds to support needle exchange programs.
A.S.L.
International Notes
Experts are predicting that India may be the next major area
heavily hit by the AIDS epidemic.
Truck drivers who are major
customers of prostitutes seem to be spreading HIV at an increasing
rate, and studies show the virus is securing a large enough
presence for new cases to explode soon.
The number of new cases in
India has already leapfrogged South Asia ahead of Africa in the
past year in terms of new reported cases of AIDS.
A recent survey
showed that more than 5% of the drivers had HIV infection, more
than 90% visited at least one prostitute a week, and 68% never sued
a condom.
The survey also showed widespread ignorance about AIDS
and HIV transmission, not only among drivers but among a majority
of the doctors in Bangalore, "often described as India's most
technologically advanced city."
San Francisco Chronicle, Sept. 2.
A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
A regional conference on gay and lesbian legal issues will be co-
sponsored by the National Lesbian & Gay Law Association, Gay &
Lesbian Attorneys of Washington, the Maryland Lesbian & Gay Law
Association, Virginians for Justice, and the Marshall-Wythe Gay &
Lesbian Law Student Association in Williamsburg, Virginia, on Oct.
20-22, 1995.
Unfortunately, the conference flyer reached us too
late for inclusion in the September Law Notes, but perhaps late
registrants can be accommodated by calling 410-244-0772.
The Bisexual, Gay & Lesbian Law Student Association at New York
University School of Law will present a day-long colloquium on
October 13 at the Law School, 40 Washington Square South, from 9:30
a.m. to 7:30 p.m., titled "We're Here, We're Queer, Now Where Do We
Go? - A Critical Look at the Future of the Lesbian and Gay Civil
Rights Movement."
Speakers include leading legal academics and gay
rights movement figures.
For information, contact Joshua Kaufman
at jpk5948@is2.nyu.edu or call BGLLSA at 212-998-6574.
The event
is open to the public and admission is free of charge.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Beasley, Dorothy Toth, Federalism and the Protection of Individual
Rights: The American State Constitutional Perspective, 11 Georgia
State U. L. Rev. 681 (June 1995) (Ironically, this strongly argued
essay by a Georgia appellate judge extolling the ability of state
courts to accord greater protection to individual rights under
state constitutions than is accorded by the U.S. Supreme Court
under the federal constitution fails to note the case of Bowers v.
Hardwick [a Georgia case], subsequently repudiated by the Kentucky
Supreme Court based on its state constitution, although the author
notes many other examples coming from a variety of states).
Berger, Raoul, Liberty and the Constitution, 29 Georgia L. Rev. 585
(Spring 1995) (a federalist defense of the Supreme Court's decision
in Bowers v. Hardwick).
Cordray, Richard, Free Speech and the Thought We Hate, 21 Ohio
Northern U. L. Rev. 871 (1995).
Falk, Patricia J., The Prevalence of Social Science in Gay Rights
Cases: The Synergistic Influences of Historical Context,
Justificatory Citation, and Dissemination Efforts, 41 Wayne L. Rev.
1 (Fall 1994).
Faust, Beatrice, Child Sexuality and Age of Consent Laws: The
Netherlands Model, 5 Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J. 78 (1995).
Gellman, Susan, Hate Crime Laws After Wisconsin v. Mitchell, 21
Ohio Northern U. L. Rev. 863 (1995).
Gentles, Jenny, A Legal Remedy for Sexual Injustice, 5 Australasian
Gay & Lesbian L.J. 65 (1995).
Helscher, David, Griswold v. Connecticut and the Unenumerated Right
of Privacy, 15 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 33 (Fall 1994).
Linzer, Peter, The Carolene Products Footnote and the Preferred
Position of Individual Rights: Louis Lusky and John Hart Ely vs.
Harlan Fiske Stone, 12 Constitutional Commentary 277 (Summer
1995)(interesting historical background about the famous Footnote
4 in Carolene Products, frequently cited as a major precedent on
suspect classifications under the Equal Protection Clause).
Miller, Alice M., AnnJanette Rosga, and Meg Satterthwaite, Health,
Human Rights and Lesbian Existence, 1 Health & Hum. Rts. 428
(1995).
Morgan, Wayne, Queer Law: Identity, Culture, Diversity, Law, 5
Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J. 1 (1995).
Quirk, Brenda Jones, Regulating a Lawyer's Discriminatory Conduct:
Constitutional Limitations, 21 Ohio Northern U. L. Rev. 897 (1995).
Riggs, Robert R., Punishing the Politically Incorrect Offender
Through "Bias Motive" Enhancements: Compelling Necessity or First
Amendment Folly?, 21 Ohio Northern U. L. Rev. 945 (1995).
Schoechle, Timothy D., Privacy on the Information Highway: Will My
House Still Be My Castle?, 19 Telecommunications Policy 435 (Aug.
1995).
Size, George G., and Glenn R. Britton, Is There Hate Speech? R.A.V.
and Mitchell in the Context of First Amendment Jurisprudence, 21
Ohio Northern U. L. Rev. 913 (1995).
Stychin, Carl F., Prohibitions and Promotions: A Comparative
Analysis of Legal Interventions, 5 Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J.
42 (1995).
Zavos, Michelle A., Sexual Orientation Law in the 1990s, Trial,
August 1995, 27-32.
Book Reviews:
Allan, James, Out Law: A Legal Guide for Lesbians and Gay Men in
New Zealand, 5 Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J. 93 (1995).
Delgado, Richard, Karst: Law's Promise, Law's Expression: Visions
of Power in the Politics of Race, Gender, and Religion, 93 Mich. L.
Rev. 1460 (May 1995).
Devins, Neal, Garrow: Liberty and Sexuality: The Right to Privacy
and the Making of Roe v. Wade, 93 Mich. L. Rev. 1433 (May 1995).
Rao, Radhika, Robertson: Children of Choice: Freedom and the New
Reproductive Technology, 93 Mich. L. Rev. 1473 (May 1995).
Student Notes & Comments:
Batterman, Daniel A., Evans v. Romer: The Political Process, Levels
of Generality, and Perceived Identifiability in Anti-Gay Rights
Initiatives, 29 New Eng. L. Rev. 915 (Summer 1995).
Davies, Julia Frost, Two Moms and a Baby: Protecting the
Nontraditional Family Through Second Parent Adoptions, 29 New Eng.
L. Rev. 1055 (Summer 1995).
Grauerholz, Stephanie L., Colorado's Amendment 2 Defeated: The
Emergence of a Fundamental right to Participate in the Political
Process, 44 DePaul L. Rev. 841 (Spring 1995).
Luongo, Kristine E., The Big Chill: Davis v. Davis and the
Protection of "Potential Life"?, 29 New Eng. L. Rev. 1011 (Summer
1995).
Note, Patriarchy Is Such a Drag: The Strategic Possibilities of A
Postmodern Account of Gender, 108 Harv. L. Rev. 1973 (June 1995)
(social construction theory comes to the Harvard Law Review).
Reuther, Kevin, Queer Rights are Human Rights: Thoughts from the
Back of a Cab, 8 Harv. Hum. Rts. J. 265 (Spring 1995).
Stewart, Blair, The Works' Outing: The New Zealand Workplace
Harassment Case of L v M Ltd, 5 Australasian Gay & Lesbian L.J. 86
(1995).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bernstein, Bobbi, Solving the Physician's Dilemma: An HIV Partner-
Notification Plan, 6 Stanford L. & Policy Rev. No. 2, 127 (1995).
Burris, Scott, Healthcare Privacy & Confidentiality: The Complete
Legal Guide, 16 J. Leg. Med. 447 (September 1995) (book review
essay).
Cavazos, Roxella T., The Application of ERISA and the ADA to
Disability-Based Distinctions in Health Insurance, 30 Tort & Ins.
L. J. 1045 (Summer 1995).
Christensen, Burke A., AIDS and Life Insurance: A Brief History,
134 Trusts & Estates No. 9, 89 (September 1995).
Pittman, Larry J., ERISA's Preemption Clause and the Health Care
Industry: An Abdication of Judicial Law-Creating Authority, 46 Fla.
L. Rev. 356 (July 1994).
Stevens, Gail A., AIDS and Drug Misuse, 19 Crim. Jus. Rev. 147
(Spring 1994).
Wilcox, W. Bradford, and Sarah Horton, Morality and Needle
Exchange: A Debate, 5 Responsive Community No. 3, 71 (Summer 1995).
Student Notes & Comments:
Bollinger, Robert C., On the Road to Recovery for Emotional Harm:
Is the Fear of AIDS a Legally Compensable Injury?, 16 J. Legal Med.
417 (September 1995).
Fink, Vance A., Jr., Emotional Distress Damages for Fear of
Contracting AIDS: Should Plaintiffs Have to Show Exposure to HIV?,
99 Dickinson L. Rev. 779 (Spring 1995).
Miltko, Susan Moriarity, The Need for Professional Discretion:
Health Professionals Under the Americans With Disabilities Act, 89
Northwestern U. L. Rev. 1731 (Summer 1995).
Recent Cases, Patent Law - Pharmaceuticals - Federal Circuit
Upholds Patents for AIDS Treatment Drug, 108 Harv. L. Rev. 2053
(June 1995).
Washington-Carter, Pamela, AIDS and Disability-Based Discrimination
in Employer-Provided Health Insurance: ADA Imposes Liability for
Broken Promises, 20 Southern U. L. Rev. 457 (Fall 1993).
Editor's Note:
Correction: In reporting on Matter of Michael Lee Parsons, 1995 WL
442587 (Tenn.App., July 27), we stated that Abby Rubenfeld
represented the lesbian mother.
Actually, Ms. Rubenfeld co-
authored an amicus brief that was filed on behalf of the National
Center for Lesbian Rights and Tennesseans for Equality. * * *
All
points of view expressed in Lesbian/Gay Law Notes are those of
identified writers, and are not official positions of the Lesbian
and Gay Law Association of Greater New York.
All comments in
Publications Noted are attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence
pertinent to issues covered in Law Notes is welcome and will be
published subject to editing.