http://www.lemonlawsource.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Company Law
Employment
Child Custody
Privacy
Terms
Our Crew
Contact us
Home
Company Law
Employment
Child Custody
Privacy
Terms
Our Crew
Contact us
Search for:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy:Lemon Law Source ("Lemon Law Source") operates http://www.lemonlawsource.com and may operate other websites. It is Lemon Law Source's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Lemon Law Source collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Lemon Law Source's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Lemon Law Source's visitors use its website. From time to time, Lemon Law Source may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Lemon Law Source also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.lemonlawsource.com blogs/sites. Lemon Law Source only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Lemon Law Source's websites choose to interact with Lemon Law Source in ways that require Lemon Law Source to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Lemon Law Source gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.lemonlawsource.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Lemon Law Source are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Lemon Law Source collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Lemon Law Source. Lemon Law Source does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Lemon Law Source may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Lemon Law Source may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Lemon Law Source does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Lemon Law Source discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Lemon Law Source's behalf or to provide services available at Lemon Law Source's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Lemon Law Source's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Lemon Law Source will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Lemon Law Source discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Lemon Law Source believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Lemon Law Source, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Lemon Law Source website and have supplied your email address, Lemon Law Source may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Lemon Law Source and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Lemon Law Source takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Lemon Law Source uses cookies to help Lemon Law Source identify and track visitors, their usage of Lemon Law Source website, and their website access preferences. Lemon Law Source visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Lemon Law Source's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Lemon Law Source's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Lemon Law Source, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Lemon Law Source goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Lemon Law Source may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Lemon Law Source and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Lemon Law Source may change its Privacy from time to time, and in Lemon Law Source's sole discretion. Lemon Law Source encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy. If you have a http://www.lemonlawsource.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Personal Injury Lawyer : Things You Should Know About Personal Injury
Why You Need to Acquire Real Estate Lawyer
Tips to Hire the Best Bankruptcy Lawyer Before Investing
The Advantages of Hiring a Defense Lawyer
Essential Factors to Consider for Choosing the Right Lawyer
Simple Guide Before Filing a Lawsuit
Things You Should Consider When Hiring a Car Accident Lawyer
Facebook
Facebook
Pages
Child Custody
Contact us
Our Crew
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
TagsAccident
Accident Lawyer
advice
Agreement
attorney
bankruptcy
car
Car Accident
company
court
Defamation
Experiences
Expertise
firm
Freedom of Speech
good lawyer
Individual Justice
injury
Justice
Law
lawsuit
lawyer
legal
legal advice
Legal Assistance
Papers
personal
personal injury
Prenup
real estate
Referrals
roles
secretary
sued
tips
work
Categories
Company Law
Concerts
Defamation
Employment
Law
Uncategorized
Follow
Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets