http://www.insmark.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
(888) 467-6275
sales@insmark.com
Cart
Testimonials
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
InsMark has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your privacy. We only use the information we collect about you to process orders and provide you support. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and disclose information that we may obtain when you visit our website.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without advance notice and any modifications are effective when they are posted here. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit our website to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Agreement
By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have reviewed, and agree to, the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use this Site.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information when you create an account on our website. This information may include:
Your name
Your business name
Your business and/or home address
email address
phone numbers
credit card information to fulfill an order
We only use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide support and upgrades for our products.
You do not need to create an account to use our website, and if you prefer, you can use our toll free phone number to place orders. You may visit our website anonymously.
Protection of your Personal Information
We use a Secure Server for collecting personal and credit card information. The secure server layer (SSL) encrypts (scrambles) all of the information you enter before it is transmitted over the internet and sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
We use cookies and tracking technology on some portions of our website. A cookie is an identifier that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. We may also use cookies when you create an account on our website in order to store useful information that enables you to more efficiently use our website. One way this is used, for instance, is to prevent you from having to login to our website each time you return to visit us.
Cookies do not contain any information that is, in itself, personally identifying. We do not link the information collected through cookies to any personally identifiable information provided by users. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our website.
Distribution of Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Users Under Age 13
This website is not directed at children under the age of 13. If you are younger than 13, please do not provide any personally identifiable information in connection with your use of this website.
Offline Policy
Although most of the information in this privacy policy applies to information collected offline, the details mentioned here are specific to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us:
InsMark Inc.
2400 Camino Ramon, Suite 150
San Ramon, CA 94583
925-543-0500
Terms and Conditions
Please also review our Terms and Conditions.
© 2020 InsMark, Inc. All Rights Reserved. See our Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy