http://www.agg.com/privacy-cookies-policy/
Privacy & Cookies Policy | Arnall Golden Gregory LLP
Skip to Content
Offices
Careers
Subscribe
Professionals
Services
Industries
News & Insights
About Us
Search by Name or Keyword
HomePrivacy & Cookies Policy Privacy & Cookies Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Arnall Golden Gregory (“AGG”) collects, stores and uses the personal information collected about visitors to the AGG website (www.agg.com). AGG values your privacy, and provides this Policy so that you will fully understand the privacy protections AGG has established for your personal information. Your continued use of our website indicates your consent to the terms of this Policy.
This Policy does not apply to personal information collected by AGG offline or by AGG attorneys on an individual basis. This Policy also does not apply to the privacy practices of any of the third-party websites that you may be able to access through links provided on our website.
NOTE: This website is not directed to individuals under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13 years, please do not submit any personal information through the website. If we discover that we have collected personal information about any visitors to our website who are under the age of 13 years, then we will promptly delete any such information that has been collected.
Information Collection
AGG collects the personal information of visitors to our website when that information is voluntarily provided. For example, AGG may provide visitors to our website with the opportunity to contact us, sign-up for legal updates, or register for special events. For us to respond to you, we may ask for you to submit some personal information. If you would prefer that AGG not collect, store or use your personal information according to the terms of this Policy, please do not submit any personal information to us through our website.
AGG may collect other types of non-personal information about your visit to our website. For example, we may capture browser, device, or IP address information in order to monitor the number of people that visit our website and other aggregated statistics in order to improve our website. We may use third party service providers to assist us in analyzing this data.
Cookie Policy
We may utilize “cookies,” web beacons, and other similar technologies on our website. We may use first and/or third party “browser” or “HTTP” cookies, which are unique text files that may be used for data analysis, and enable our website to tailor information for the visitor. We may use browser cookies for purposes such as to personalize the user’s experience on our site, to remember a user when the user registers for services, for fraud prevention, or to track visits to our websites. We also may use “web beacons” (also referred to as pixel tags, clear gifs or other terms) or similar technologies to collect information such as how long a visitor remains on a particular page.
Some Internet browsers have offer what often is referred to as “do not track” mechanisms for browser users to automatically signal privacy preferences to websites that they visit. Our site(s) does not currently respond to do-not-track-signals, but you can change your browser settings to reject or remove cookies. If you do not want us to deploy browser cookies to your device when you visit our websites, you may set the browser to reject cookies or to notify the user when a web site tries to place cookies in the browser program. Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use some of features offered by the website. If you use our website without setting your browser to block cookies, you consent to the placement of cookies on your device.
AGG Uses of Personal Information
Personal information submitted through our website will be stored in a database controlled by AGG. AGG uses your personal information to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests when you originally submit the information. AGG may also use your personal information periodically to send you personalized content that AGG believes will likely be of interest to you.
AGG may also use any information collected for administrative and business purposes, which may include, but is not limited to, maintaining the security and integrity of our website, conducting market research, and monitoring for fraud.
Disclosures and Other Information Sharing
We may internally share personal information collected through our website among our various offices, but AGG does not sell your personal information to third parties. AGG, however, may still disclose the information that you submit to us to third parties acting as AGG service providers. For example, if AGG outsources the operation of certain website functions, AGG may provide those service providers with access to your personal information. AGG, however, will require that any of AGG’s service providers institute safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
In the event that personal information collected through our website is transferred to another company as part of a re-organization, merger, sale, acquisition, or other change to AGG; this Policy will continue to apply to your personal information.
AGG may also disclose your personal information as required by law or legal process.
Information Security
AGG understands that the security of your personal information is important. AGG has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your personal information, including physical, technical and procedural safeguards. While AGG strives to protect your personal information, we cannot eliminate every possible risk. The Internet is not 100% secure and even the strongest security measures cannot be guaranteed to prevent the unauthorized acts of third parties. Please review your own information security protections before submitting personal information through our website.
Your Choices
AGG marketing communications that you may receive as a result of submitting personal information through our website will contain a mechanism for you to “Unsubscribe” from receiving future communications.
Access & Control
You may contact us to review, update, correct, or request the deletion of the personal information that you provided through our website. You may contact us through our online form at http://www.agg.com/contact/ or info@agg.com.
Future Changes to the Privacy Policy
AGG may revise this Policy in the future. AGG reserves the right to do so at any time without advance notice. Please review this Policy periodically to check for any updates.
Contact Us
You may contact us about this privacy policy at: AGGwebsiteprivacy@agg.com.
Copyright © 2012–2020 Arnall Golden Gregory LLP.
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy & Cookies Policy
E-mail Disclaimer We welcome your interest in AGG. However, we cannot represent you nor can we treat unsolicited information as confidential until we know that doing so will not create a conflict of interest. Accordingly, please DO NOT send information about any matter unless you have a written engagement letter from us stating that we represent you as a client.
I Do Not Accept I Accept