http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/1998/10.98
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021
October 1998
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St.,
NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156, fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com
or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York City; Otis
R. Damslet, Esq., New York City; Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York
City; Todd V. Lamb, Esq., New York City; Mark Major, Esq., Long
Island, New York; Sharon McGowan, Harvard Law Student, Cambridge,
Massachusetts; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., Queens, New York; Daniel R
Schaffer, New York City; Paul Twarog, Esq., New York City; Dirk
Williams, Esq., Boston, Massachusetts; Robert Wintemute, Esq.,
King's College, London, England; Leo Wong, New York Law School
Student.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340,
NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-mail: le-gal@interport.net
LeGaL Homepage: http://www.interport.net:80/~le-gal
Law Notes on Internet: http://www.qrd.org/qrd/www/usa/legal/lgln
(C) 1998 by the LeGaL Foundation of the Lesbian & Gay Law
Association of Greater New York
$45/yr by subscription; Foreign Rate US$60
SECOND CIRCUIT REJECTS CHALLENGE TO MILITARY POLICY
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit has rejected a
constitutional challenge to the "don't ask, don't tell" policy
governing military service by lesbians and gay men.
The September
23 ruling in _Able v. United States_, 1998 WL 647142, was decided
by a unanimous three-judge panel, reversing a ruling by U.S.
District Judge Eugene Nickerson.
The current military policy was enacted in 1993 as an amendment to
the annual defense appropriations bill, in response to a public
debate generated by President Bill Clinton's promise to end the ban
on gay military service.
10 U.S.C. sec. 654(b) provides, in
essence, that lesbians and gay men may serve in the military only
so long as the military can maintain the fiction that they are not
present.
If they engage in any conduct or speech that identifies
them as being lesbian or gay, the military will presume that they
either are engaging in forbidden homosexual conduct or have a
propensity to engage in such conduct, and they will be discharged
unless they can prove that they do not have such a propensity.
(By
contrast, heterosexual military members who engage in same-sex
sexual activity may be subject to penalties under the Uniform Code
of Military Justice, which bans all "sodomy" regardless of the
gender of participants, but are not subject to discharge for
engaging in such activity if they can prove that they are not, in
fact, gay.)
This case was planned as a challenge to the constitutionality of
the military policy by Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund and
the Lesbian & Gay Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties
Union.
Lambda's Legal Director, Beatrice Dohrn, appeared as lead
attorney in the case, and was joined by Lambda's Ruth Harlow and
ACLU Project Director Matthew Coles.
Six military members, some
active duty and some reserve, agreed to serve as co-plaintiffs,
representing all the services, and the nominal defendants are
Secretary of Defense William Cohen and Secretary of Transportation
Rodney Slater.
(The Coast Guard, which maintains a policy
identical to the Defense Department, comes under the jurisdiction
of DOT.)
The action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of New York, and was assigned to Judge Eugene H.
Nickerson, who has twice ruled the policy unconstitutional.
The
first time, Nickerson found the requirement that individuals be
discharged if they identified themselves as gay to violate the
First Amendment's protection for freedom of speech.
On appeal, a
2nd Circuit panel reversed, finding that this part of the policy
was a rational way of effectuating Congress's intent to discharge
any member with a propensity to engage in homosexual conduct.
However, the 2nd Circuit then remanded the case, in light of the
Supreme Court's equal protection ruling in _Romer v. Evans_, 116
S.Ct. 1620 (1996), for a determination of whether the military
policy as a whole violates the equal protection component of the
Due Process Clause of the 5th Amendment.
Judge Nickerson subsequently found the policy violative of equal
protection, subjecting it to rational basis review and determining
that the government had no rational basis for excluding lesbians
and gay men from serving on the same basis as heterosexuals.
Nickerson found that the only plausible rationale offered by the
government was the claim that the morale and unit cohesion of non-
gay service members would be undermined by allowing openly gay
members to serve, and that this rationale was impermissible since
it was grounded in the presumed biases of non-gay service members.
Reversing Nickerson's ruling in an opinion by Judge John J. Walker,
Jr., the court essentially concluded that the question whether to
exclude openly lesbian and gay people from serving in the military
was not subject to any serious judicial review.
Relying on a
series of Supreme Court decisions directing the federal courts to
grant great deference to the opinions of military officials on
issues within their sphere of expertise, Walker found that there
was little scope for judicial review of Congress's decision to
enact this policy following extensive hearings and detailed
findings based on the testimony of military leaders.
"In the military setting," wrote Walker, "constitutionally-mandated
deference to military assessments and judgments gives the judiciary
far less scope to scrutinize the reasons, legitimate on their face,
that the military has advanced to justify its actions.
Moreover,
in this case the military's justifications are based on factors
which are unique to military life.
The military argues that the
prohibition on homosexual conduct is necessary for military
effectiveness because it maintains unit cohesion, reduces sexual
tension and promotes personal privacy.
These concerns distinguish
the military from civilian life and go directly to the military's
need to foster `instinctive obedience, unity, commitment, and
esprit de corps.'"
Since, under the limited rational basis review available for
military policy decisions, the policy would enjoy a "strong
presumption of validity, . . . we will not substitute our judgment
for that of Congress," Walker concluded.
Without expressly passing
on the detailed record compiled by the plaintiffs to expose the
fatuous nature of the government's arguments in support of the
policy, Walker focused solely on the testimony of military leaders
in support of the policy -- testimony that was faithfully parroted
by Congressional staffers in their draft of the policy findings
enacted as part of the statute.
Having already found that the
policy provisions mandating discharge for declarations of
homosexuality did not offend the 1st Amendment, the court now added
its finding that under the highly deferential rational basis review
afforded military policies, the underlying ban on homosexual
conduct is constitutional as well, and thus reversed Nickerson's
ruling.
The possibility of taking this case further appears slim.
The
three-judge panel that decided this appeal represents an
ideological cross-section of the circuit court (the judges were
appointees of Lyndon Johnson, Richard Nixon, and George Bush), and
it seems unlikely that a petition for en banc review would spark a
rehearing.
In any event, it seems most unlikely that the Supreme
Court will grant certiorari in a challenge to the military policy
so long as there is unanimity among the courts of appeals in
upholding the policy, so a petition for rehearing en banc would
appear to be the logical next step if taking this case to the
Supreme Court is the plaintiffs' goal.
This case was planned as
the vehicle to bring the issue before the Court, and a careful
trial record was compiled for just that purpose, but the strategy
necessarily relied on the possibility that the 2nd Circuit would
uphold Judge Nickerson and create the circuit split necessary to
precipitate Supreme Court review.
Joining the government in defending the policy was the Family
Research Council, an anti-gay organization, which filed an amicus
brief.
Amicus support for the plaintiffs came from the
Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, as well as a coalition of
professional associations representing institutions of higher
education, and the Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
MINNESOTA APPEALS COURT UPHOLDS FOSTER PLACEMENT IN HOME RUN BY GAY
MEN
The Minnesota Court of Appeals affirmed a juvenile court's decision
to place a child in the foster care of two homosexual men, despite
the objection of the child's natural mother on "religious grounds."
Specifically, Judge Thomas G. Forsberg held that a statute
requiring that a court place a juvenile in a foster home with the
same or similar religious background as the child's birth parent is
not violated when a child, whose mother's religion holds
homosexuality to be a sin, is placed in a foster home run by
homosexuals, if the record shows that the religious background of
the foster caregiver was not important to the parent, that the
entity making the placement was aware of the available placement
options, and that the placement was the best possible placement
under the circumstances.
_In the Matter of the Welfare of G.A.S._,
583 N.W.2d 296 (Sept. 1).
The child in question, son of Eve Schuld, was found to be a "child
in need of protection or services" (CHIPS) in 1991 and had been in
out-of-home placements since that time.
In 1995, as a result of
his conduct while in an out-of-home placement, the son was
adjudicated delinquent on charges of sexual misconduct and assault.
Among other difficulties, the son had been diagnosed with mixed
bipolar, obsessive/compulsive and paraphilia disorders, had engaged
in self-injurious behavior and "has a parent-child relationship
problem."
Consequently, the son had been discontinued from, or
refused by, several institutional placements.
In light of his probation, the son was moved into an intensive
treatment foster home in 1997.
The son's probation officer
participated in the decision to move the son to the new placement,
a foster home run by two gay men.
At this point, Eve Schuld, the
natural mother, objected to the placement.
Schuld is a member of
the Assemblies of God church, whose tenets include "that homosexual
conduct is a sin, people should not associate with those who are
sinning, and parents have a duty to raise their children in the
religious faith."
Schuld claimed that her son's placement violated
Minn. Stat. 260.181(3)(d), which states that, at the request of a
child's birth parent, the juvenile court "shall" place children in
foster homes with the same or similar religious background as that
of the birth parents.
The juvenile court rejected the mother's
claim, and she appealed.
Although the appellate court noted that the statute's language is
mandatory, Judge Forsberg characterized the mother's claims as
"moot," because Schuld revealed through her testimony that concerns
about homosexuality, rather than about religion, were driving her
claims.
In particular, the mother testified that "she would not
disagree with her son being placed with foster parents who do not
practice or foster the practice of the Assemblies of God and would
allow [her] son to be placed in a foster home where the foster
parents practice a religion other than her own."
As a result, the
court noted that the mother's objection to the homosexual foster
parents was not based on religious preference, but rather on their
"affectional preference."
In the absence of any statutory
violation, the Court of Appeals reverted to the traditional
standard of review, requiring that a trial court decision be
altered only when there has been "an abuse of its wide discretion."
In addition, the court noted that "[the] son's numerous special
needs and his history of committing sexual abuse" made the
difficulties in finding any type of placement "extreme."
Placements had been considered not only in Minnesota, but also in
Indiana, Nebraska and West Virginia.
In fact, the foster placement
agency indicated that the foster home run by the two homosexual men
was the "only available placement for a child with needs as
extensive as [the] son's needs."
While the child protection
specialist acknowledged that she was aware of the mother's
religious preference, the limited number of options for placement
of the son made accommodation of those preferences impossible.
The
court also pointed out that the only alternative placements offered
by the mother were residential placements, which had already been
deemed inappropriate for the son, or adult homes, or a combination
of the two.
The court noted that Minn. Stat. 260.011(2)(a)
requires that the best interests of the child must be of paramount
consideration in child protection proceedings.
In light of the
discretion awarded the juvenile court in order to achieve this
goal, the court found no error in the decision to place the child
in the care of the homosexual foster parents.
Because the mother's objections were not truly about religion and
because the best interest of the child demanded his placement in
the only suitable foster home, the court declined to address the
mother's other claims.
In particular, the court refused to
consider the claims that the son's placement violated Schuld's
right to free exercise of religion under the state and federal
constitutions, as these claims had not been raised in the lower
court proceedings.
_Sharon McGowan_
Missouri Supreme Court Renders Mixed Ruling in Custody Case
In its first substantive ruling in a custody and visitation case
involving a lesbian mother, the Missouri Supreme Court unanimously
upheld the trial court's award of custody to the heterosexual
father, but disapproved of the trial court's order that the
children not be exposed to any known lesbians while the mother is
exercising her visitation rights and remanded for reconsideration
of the visitation issue.
_J.A.D. v. F.J.D. III_, 1998 WL 652165
(Mo. En Banc, Sept. 24).
Joseph and Janice DeLong were married in 1985 and had three
children.
Janice subsequently became sexually involved with women,
and the parties separated in March 1994.
After eight days of
hearing, Circuit Judge Ronald M. Belt ordered the marriage
dissolved, enforced a prenuptial agreement governing division of
assets, and granted sole custody of the children to Joseph.
In his
opinion, Belt stated that the best interest of the children would
be served by this custody award for the following reasons: Joseph's
"greater stability," Janice's "negativism toward [Joseph] and it's
[sic] negative impact on the children," Janice's [immaturity in
seeking after repeated new love relationships and enmeshing her
children's lives in her lover's lives," Joseph's "nearby close
extended family," and Joseph's "greater likelihood of promoting a
good relationship between the children and the other parent."
Belt ordered visitation for Janice, but prohibited the children
from being in the presence of "any person known by [Janice] to be
lesbian or known by [Janice] to be one who engages in lesbian
sexual activity" except for one named person who was identified as
a "long time friend of the children," and also prohibited the
children to be in the presence during visitation of "any other
female, unrelated by blood or marriage, with whom [Janice] may be
living."
Belt also ordered that Janice and the children
participate in a court-supervised "telling session" at which Janice
would formally inform the children (who had not yet been told) of
her homosexuality.
On appeal, the court of appeal reversed, _DeLong v. DeLong_, 1998
WL 15536 (Mo. App. W.D. Jan. 20, 1998), holding that Joseph should
have the burden of proving that Janice's lesbian activities were
harmful to the children, which should not be presumed.
Joseph
petitioned to have the case transferred to the Supreme Court, which
petition was granted.
In its per curiam opinion, the court devoted much of its attention
to criticizing the work of Janice's attorney in preparing the
appeal papers, asserting that the appeal failed various technical
requirements of pleading under Missouri law, and that appellant was
improperly asking the court to undertake a virtual de novo review
of the trial court's factual findings.
However, the court went
ahead to decide some substantive questions raised by the appeal.
On the issue of custody, the court rejected Janice's assertion that
the trial court had based its custody order solely on her sexual
orientation.
"This contention is false," the court asserted.
"The
judgment recites that custody was placed with father for a number
of reasons.
Without question, the guiding star in a custody
determination is the best interest of the children.
A homosexual
parent is not ipso facto unfit for custody of his or her child, and
no reported Missouri case has held otherwise.
It is not error,
however, to consider the impact of homosexual or heterosexual
misconduct upon the children in making a custody determination."
(The court cites a 1985 Missouri Supreme Court opinion in support
of this point, but the cited opinion is not a ruling on the merits
on this point, but rather a ruling on an evidentiary point
concerning spousal privilege in the context of a custody dispute.
The 1985 decision, _T.C.H. v. K.M.H._, 693 S.W.2d 802, does,
however, quote with apparent approval a lower Missouri court
statement that requires that harm to the children due to the
parent's homosexual activity be shown in order for such activity to
be a factor in determining custody.)
The court concluded that
there was substantial evidence in the record supporting the trial
court's findings underlying the custody decision.
However, the court found the restrictions imposed on visitation to
be "too broad," because they prohibit exposure of the children to
a broad class of people without regard to whether any individual in
the class would be "harmful to the children."
In remanding the
case, the court directed the trial court "to limit the conditions
to apply only to those individuals whose presence and conduct may
be contrary to the best interests of the children."
The per curiam opinion is quite disingenuous in its
characterization of the trial court's ruling.
Most of the factors
cited by the trial court either relate to the mother's status as a
lesbian or derive from the court's characterization of virtually
any homosexual conduct or relationship by a lesbian parent as being
"misconduct."
(The unspoken subtext here is the Missouri penal
code, under which, in fact, almost any homosexual conduct by a
parent could be characterized as "misconduct" because it is
potentially illegal.
In Missouri, even mutual masturbation is
illegal.)
Further, the trial court (as the court of appeal had
found) virtually presumed harm to the children from such conduct
without requiring the father to prove that such harm had occurred
or would occur.
Thus, while on its face the court's ruling appears
quite "tolerant," in fact it does no more than to track prior
Missouri appellate decisions that have piously proclaimed that they
are not ruling against lesbian mothers because of their sexual
orientation, while proceeding to terminate their custody because of
their "misconduct," which consists of living in a loving
relationship with another woman.
A.S.L.
9th Circuit Reverses Conviction Over Improper Testimony About
Defendant's Gay Porn Collection
In _People of the Territory of Guam v. Shymanovitz_, 1998 WL 547097
(Aug. 31), the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit reversed
the defendant's conviction on multiple counts of criminal sexual
conduct with minors, assault, and child abuse, because of the
improper and prejudicial admission of testimony concerning his
possession of sexually explicit gay adult magazines, of the
contents of two articles in those magazines in particular, and on
account of the prosecutor's "untempered and provocative" comments
during summation.
Circuit Judge Reinhardt wrote the court's
opinion.
Shymanovitz was a middle school guidance counselor in Guam.
He
began taking groups of boys on camping trips and hikes, and
sometimes had them sleep over at his home.
He was charged with
sexually and physically abusing seven of these boys while they were
under his supervision.
Several months later, similar charges were
filed relating to four more boys.
The two indictments were joined.
Shymanovitz's house was searched.
Some condoms, surgical gloves,
a tube of K-Y jelly, some children's underwear, a calendar and six
sexually explicit magazines (_After Midnight_, _Playboy" and four
issues of "Stroke") were found.
Prior to trial, the government filed a motion in limine requesting
permission to introduce two articles which appeared in _Stroke_, a
gay magazine, on the ground that they were relevant in establishing
his intent to commit the offenses.
The trial court deferred
ruling, but permitted testimony by a police officer as to the
nature of the objects found and, in great and lurid detail, to
discuss the nature of the contents of the magazine: "photos of men
masturbating; performing auto-fellatio; ejaculating; using sex
toys; wearing `leather equipment'; paddling one another; and having
oral and anal sex."
The officer also described the two articles
which were the subject of the motion in limine.
These were
fictional articles describing two couples engaging in sexual acts:
one involved a father and son, and the other, a priest and a young
boy.
The two _Stroke_ articles, the K-Y jelly and a page from the
calendar were entered directly into evidence.
The court quoted quite extensively from the prosecutor's closing
argument. The prosecutor argued quite forcefully that the acts
portrayed in _Stroke_ magazine go to his intent to engage in "these
types of acts," that he "was motivated" to perform them.
The
prosecutor dwelled on the police officer's testimony in startlingly
explicit detail, as the officer was asked to explain the photos:
ejaculation, and what that meant; anal sex, and that meant; dildos,
and how they are used; "balls on a string," and how _they_ are
used; she discussed leather clothing, particularly the type that
expose the genitals.
The prosecutor also emphasized that while
Shymanowitz had a female roommate, they were merely "friends," and
were not linked romantically.
Aside from the articles seized from his home, the evidence
consisted of testimony of some of the alleged victims.
Shymanowitz
denied any sexual contact with the minors, arguing that the parents
had concocted the allegations for a number of reasons.
He pointed
to testimony of two of the boys who testified against him before
the grand jury, then testified at trial that he had not molested
them.
Shymanowitz was convicted on 27 counts and acquitted on 8.
He was
sentenced to four consecutive life terms for first degree sexual
conduct, plus 21 years for his convictions on second, third and
fourth degree sexual conduct.
On appeal, Shymanowitz argued that the introduction of the oral
testimony concerning the contents of the _Stroke_ magazine articles
was for no other reason than to prejudice the jury by suggesting
that he was a homosexual.
Judge Reinhardt agreed, concluding that
none of the justifications offered by the government concerning
offering the articles or the magazines was plausible.
The government argued on appeal that this otherwise inadmissible
material was allowed as it was being used to prove "motive,
opportunity, intent, preparation, plan, knowledge, identity or
absence of mistake or accident" in furtherance of the acts charged.
The court of appeals concluded that all these materials actually
showed was that Shymanowitz liked to read gay porn, that these
articles were actually being introduced to show propensity to
commit such acts, and that "propensity" evidence is contrary to the
underlying premise of the criminal justice system: that the
defendant must be tried for what he did, not who he is.
Reinhardt noted the wild popularity of crime in modern fiction, and
suggested that anyone with even a modest library would have books
describing numerous acts of criminal conduct.
"Under the
government's theory, the case against an accused child molester
would be stronger if he owned a copy of Nabokov's _Lolita_, and any
murder defendant would be unfortunate to have in his possession a
collection of Agatha Christie mysteries or even James Bond stories.
Woe, particularly, to the son accused of patricide or incest who
has a copy of _Oedipus Rex_ at his bedside."
Moreover, the
government picked and chose what it wanted to introduce,
disregarding other reading material which might have been
exculpatory.
Finally, and most importantly, the court ruled, the material should
have been excluded because any probative value which this material
could have had was substantially outweighed by possible prejudice.
The extensive testimony regarding the material in _Stroke_ "could
easily have caused the jury, rightly or wrongly, to infer that
Shymanovitz was a gay man," which is generally deemed to be
prejudicial, particularly
because he was being tried involved sex
crimes and particularly since the articles suggest that he would be
interested in or want to participate in deviant acts: those
involving incest, auto-fellatio, use of sex toys and leather, and
sadomasochism.
Because of the perception which many people have of
gay people, the court deemed it not merely likely, but highly
probable, that the jury would be prejudiced in its deliberations as
a result of the articles in question.
The conviction was reversed and the case remanded for a new trial,
with specific additional instructions directing the trial court to
permit expert testimony for the defense concerning possible
explanations for inconsistencies in some of the alleged victims'
testimony, to rebut government expert testimony.
_Steven Kolodny_
U.S. Court of Appeals Upholds Ban of Sexually Explicit Publications
in Prisons
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held
that it is not a violation of the First Amendment for a prison to
ban internal distribution of sexually explicit material to
prisoners.
_Amatel vs. Reno _, 1998 WL 611114 (Sept. 15).
The
appeals court found that "common sense" was enough for Congress to
rationally think that a ban on sexually explicit material would
contribute to prisoner rehabilitation.
In 1996, Congress passed the Ensign Amendment barring the use of
Bureau of Prisons funds to pay for the distribution of commercial
material that "is sexually explicit or features nudity."
Under the
regulations, however, there is no restriction on non-pictorial
sexually explicit material.
In 1997, three inmates were each
denied receipt of a popular porn magazine and filed suit.
The
district court found the Ensign Amendment facially invalid and
enjoined its enforcement.
The government appealed.
Writing for the court, Judge Williams undertakes a hairsplitting
reasoning on the proper standard of review.
Both sides agreed that
the _Safley_ standard sets out the appropriate framework for
reviewing government regulation of prisons (_Turner v. Safley_, 482
U.S. 78 (1987)), directing courts to uphold a
regulation, even one
circumscribing constitutionally protected interests, so long as it
"is reasonably related to legitimate penological interests."
Here,
the government asserts that the "interest" is rehabilitation of
prisoners, arguing that there is a nexus between sexually explicit
material and its impediment to rehabilitation and because
pornography "pose[s] a threat to the security, good order, or
discipline of the institution, or facilitate[s] criminal activity."
Williams agrees that the legislature could rationally have seen a
conflict between pornography and rehabilitative values and does not
purport to agree with it, only that the legislature might
reasonably have thought that it would.
The government proffered a battery of Catherine MacKinnon anti-porn
articles along with others; however, as Williams concedes, there is
no "record evidence" or science supporting it.
Somehow, this does
not wound the case in the court's eyes because, as Williams writes,
"common sense" need not be the "handmaiden of social science data
or expert testimonials in evaluating congressional judgments" but
that "conformity to commonsensical intuitive judgments is a
standard element of both reasonableness and rationality."
In other
words, "[c]ommon sense tells us that prisoners are more likely to
develop the now-missing self-control and respect for others if
prevented from poring over pictures that are themselves degrading
and disrespectful."
The court does not say that the evidence
presented was conclusive on the efficacy of the ban, but that it
was enough to make the legislature see a connection between the
two, therefore surviving the _Safley_ standard of reasonableness.
It is here where Judge Wald takes issue and pens a sharp dissenting
opinion of nearly equal length.
Wald insists that the ban is
clearly a First Amendment issue and requires its classic standard
of review.
She concedes that some incursion is necessary, but that
courts should give a large measure of deference to the prison
administrators since they are in the best position to judge when or
in what manner certain institutional interests may require some
action on prison problems.
Wald even references Malcolm X's St.
Paul-like conversion attributable to his prison experiences, and to
deny prisoners from participating in the "market place of ideas"
could cause more problems that it is seeking to prevent.
She
objects to the majority's reading of _Safley_ to mean permitting
"unblinking deference" to merely plausible legislative judgment
about the rehabilitative benefits of denying a prisoner's most
fundamental constitutional right as her freedom to read (porn?),
but rather, it should reconcile prisoners' constitutional rights
with institutional needs and defer to prison administrators as the
most appropriate articulators of those needs.
Wald's biggest point of contention with the majority was that there
was no record evidence that the regulation had any valid, rational
connection between the ban and rehabilitation, that the studies
presented were merely "correlative," and closes with a quote by
Dostoyevsky underscoring Wald's fear of potential abuse of such a
holding.
_K. Jacob Ruppert_
Indiana Appeals Court Finds Sexual Orientation Evidence Relevant to
Prosecution for Leaving Scene of Accident
The Indiana Court of Appeals upheld the conviction and four-year
sentence of Robert E. Utley for failing to stop and remain at the
scene of an accident after he accidently hit his former lover with
his car outside a bar.
However, the court reversed the trial
court's order that Utley pay for the funeral, while upholding the
admittance of evidence of Utley's sexual orientation.
_Utley v.
State_, 1998 WL 638275 (Ind. App. Sept. 18).
Utley was acquitted
of reckless homicide.
Utley and the victim had previously been involved for over 11
years.
On October 13, 1996, the two had an argument at a bar.
Utley left and began driving away. The victim ran along side the
car, was struck and died.
Utley heard a "thump" and drove on.
Minutes later he returned, saw an ambulance, and left again.
Utley contended that the trial judge, Kathryn A. Sullivan, should
have excluded evidence "reflecting upon his sexual preference"
since it was irrelevant to the charges and created the "danger of
unfair prejudice" which outweighed its "probative value."
Judge Bailey, writing for the appeals court, found that "manifest
abuse of the trial court's discretion" was required to reverse an
evidentiary ruling.
While the appeals court found that one's
"sexual preference or propensities are generally considered
character evidence," in this case it was not admitted for the
"forbidden inference of demonstrating Utley's propensity to commit
the charged crime."
The "intimate nature of Utley's relationship
with the victim was highly probative and relevant to explain the
context of the argument which preceded" the accident, the court
found.
Judge Bailey noted that the evidence "incidentally
discloses sexual conduct, which by definition, reflects upon the
defendant's character."
The appeals court rejected contentions alleging improper jury
instructions.
While the four year sentence was upheld, the court
vacated the order that Utley pay for his ex-lover's funeral, saying
that Utley would have had to be convicted of the reckless homicide
charge for restitution to be allowed.
_Daniel R Schaffer_
Mass. Appeals Court Rules Against University in Meeting Controversy
The University of Massachusetts at Boston violated both the state
constitution's declaration of rights and the state's civil rights
law when administrators closed down a university building to
prevent a group from meeting on the premises to plan a
demonstration in support of gay rights, AIDS education and
reproductive rights.
_Reproductive Rights Network v. President of
the University of Massachusetts_, 1998 WL 646860 (Mass. App.,
Suffolk Co., Sept. 22).
In June 1990, a graduate student at UMass got several groups,
including ACT UP/Boston, the Reproductive Rights Network, and the
Coalition for Lesbian and Gay Civil Rights, to agree to sponsor
some planning meetings for a proposed demonstration against Bernard
Cardinal Law because of the positions he was taking publicly
against AIDS education in the schools, gay rights, and reproductive
rights.
The student obtained assistance from a UMass professor in
reserving a meeting room at the school for this purpose.
Flyers
were distributed in Boston publicizing the meetings, which brought
them to the attention of some trustees of the University.
These
trustees protested to the president of the University about their
facilities being used for these purposes.
The listing on the flyer
of ACT UP/Boston as a sponsor was apparently the spark that caused
concern, since this was but a short time after ACT UP/New York had
stirred national outrage by disrupting a service at St. Patrick's
Cathedral in New York City.
The administrators allowed the first meeting, on a weeknight, to
take place.
Only 8 to 10 people attended and the event passed with
little notice.
But further pressure from the trustees caused the
president to decide to close up the University building in question
on Friday afternoon.
Dozens of professors and students who were
carrying on their normal activities were ousted from the building
by a phalanx of University security officers.
About 30-40 people
showed up for the meeting, were denied access to the building, and
held their meeting on the sidewalk in front of the building.
On
Sunday, the demonstration was held at the Cathedral.
A few weeks
later the University president issued a statement asserting that
the building had been closed for safety reasons and because the
sponsoring groups had not gone through the appropriate channels to
reserve the rooms and provide security for their meeting.
The coalition of groups sued the University, claiming a violation
of their rights under the state constitution's Declaration of
Rights and under the Massachusetts Civil Rights Law.
The trial
court ruled for plaintiffs on the constitutional claim, but denied
the civil rights law claim (and thus deprived the plaintiffs of an
attorneys fee award, which would come only under the statute).
The
appeals court affirmed as to the constitutional claim, but reversed
on the civil rights law claim, holding that both causes of action
are valid, and remanded for a further determination of the
plaintiffs' entitlement to attorneys fees.
While so holding, the
appeals court also affirmed the trial court's injunction,
permanently enjoining the University from interfering with the
plaintiffs' right to use University facilities for political
meetings.
In an opinion by Justice Greenberg, the court rejected the
University's argument that its decision to close the building was
a reasonable restriction on speech for security reasons and not
content-based.
Greenberg also approved the trial judge's
determination that there was no basis for believing that the
plaintiffs sought to meet for purposes of furthering a criminal
conspiracy, as alleged by the defendants, to disrupt a church
service.
Although their demonstration was planned to take place
outside the Cathedral while the Cardinal was conducting a mass, the
court found no basis to believe that the plaintiffs were planning
to emulate the actions of ACT UP/New York by entering the Cathedral
to disrupt the service.
Under the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, the plaintiffs had to
prove that defendants sought to violate their rights secured by the
constitution by interfering with the exercise of those rights
through threats, intimidation or coercion.
The defendants argued,
and the trial court agreed, that closing the building did not come
within that description of prohibited conduct.
Justice Greenberg
pointed out that Massachusetts courts had given a broad reading to
the statutory language to effectuate the legislative purpose,
finding analogies in past decisions to the University's action of
using security guards to block access to a publicly-owned building.
"In the instant case, the heavy-handed use of police power was
unwarranted in the circumstances and substantially exceeds the
evidence of `threats, intimidation, or coercion' found in [prior
cases]," wrote Greenberg.
A.S.L.
No Downward Sentencing Departure for Gay Defendant
A gay man who pled guilty to receiving and downloading child
pornography from the Internet on his computer, in violation of 18
U.S.C. sec. 2252(a)(2), is not entitled to a downward departure
from federal sentencing guidelines, according to U.S. District
Judge Kopf (D. Neb.).
_U.S. v. Petersen_, 1998 WL 565938 (Sept.
2).
Russell Petersen, 40, pled guilty to charges of receiving child
pornography after the FBI confiscated 23 computer diskettes from
his home, several of which contained pictures of children engaged
in sexually explicit conduct.
Petersen's ex-wife tipped off the
authorities and informed them that she had seen him download the
pictures in question.
Petersen's counsel argued to Judge Kopf that
this case was similar to the decision in _U.S. v. Shasky_, 939
F.Supp. 695 (D.Neb. 1996), in which Judge Kopf granted a downward
departure to the sentence of a gay Nebraska state trooper.
Kopf
disagreed that _Shasky_ was controlling, noting that it "should not
be read to apply to factual situations which are not strictly
analogous."
The court elaborated by pointing out that Shasky was "diminutive"
in stature and weight, and therefore "unusually susceptible to
abuse in prison," unlike Petersen, who is 5'10" and weighs almost
200 pounds.
The court also explained that Shasky had engaged in
"extraordinary" post-offense rehabilitation efforts; by contrast,
Petersen was found by a court-appointed doctor and an expert sex
therapist not to be a good candidate for treatment.
The court was also unpersuaded by Petersen's argument that a
downward departure was warranted because his two children, one of
whom has cystic fibrosis, rely on him for medical insurance and
treatment.
The court explained that this fact alone did not
distinguish Petersen from any other family dealing with a parent
who may be incarcerated.
Additionally, there was no evidence
showing that the children's mother was unable or unwilling to
provide insurance in some alternative fashion.
Petersen faces 15 to 21 months in prison, or between 2 to 3 years
of supervised release, plus a fine of $4,000 to $40,000.
The
federal sentencing guidelines do not authorize probation for
Petersen's offense.
_Ian Chesir-Teran_
Pro-Gay Professor Loses Discrimination Case
Magistrate Judge Wilkinson (E.D.La.) granted summary judgment to
defendants and ordered the dismissal of the plaintiff's case, with
prejudice, in _Marino v. Louisiana State University Board of
Supervisors_, 1998 WL 560290 (Aug. 27), a lawsuit alleging
discrimination and retaliation against a university in a dispute
over a faculty appointment decision.
In 1994, a University of New Orleans student completed his M.A.
thesis on affectional preference in the writings of Balzac.
Dr.
Virginia Marino, a tenure-track assistant professor, directed the
thesis, and chaired the thesis committee after the original
committee resigned (partly because of the topic).
The committee
unanimously passed the thesis, and Marino enthusiastically reported
its success to the faculty.
Subsequently, she alleged
discrimination against her as a woman and in retaliation for, among
other things, exercising First Amendment rights regarding the
thesis, after her department voted against reappointment for her.
She declined to be considered again for re-appointment, and sued.
Magistrate Judge Wilkinson granted summary judgment to the defense,
finding no evidence of discrimination or even cognizable adverse
action.
Despite failing department publication requirements,
Marino had received an additional one-year contract at the
undergraduate level with a small raise.
_Otis R. Damslet_
First Gay Business Targeted by Giuliani Survives Court Test Under
New Zoning Rules
Now that the courts have upheld the constitutionality of New York
City's zoning ordinance restricting the location of adult
businesses, the City has begun enforcement efforts targeting
individual businesses.
Among the earliest targets is Les Hommes,
an establishment on the Upper West Side of Manhattan that has
provided a sexual outlet for gay men for about twenty years.
But
Justice Stephen Crane has ruled in _City of New York v. Show
World_, NYLJ, 9/14/98 (N.Y.Sup.Ct., N.Y. Co.), that the owners of
Les Hommes have changed the nature of the business sufficiently to
evade the new rules.
In addition to selling gay porn (magazines and videos) and sex
aids, Les Hommes has featured video booths and two small theaters
exhibiting sexually explicit gay male videos.
Since the business
sits in the midst of a residential neighborhood, it can continue to
operate under the zoning ordinance only if it successfully
transforms itself to the extent that it is no longer an "adult
business" within the meaning of the ordinance.
The owners of Les Hommes cut down the proportion of sexually
explicit inventory in the front portion of the premises to be about
30 percent of the total, switched to showing wrestling videos in
the two theaters, and altered the booths so that their users would
no longer have a choice of gay porn videos, but would only be able
to see the non-sexual wrestling videos.
Nonetheless, the City claimed that Les Hommes continues to be an
adult establishment, and so should not be allowed to operate in the
residential Upper West Side.
While acknowledging that as currently
operated, Les Hommes devotes less than 40 percent of its inventory
and its floor space to adult uses, the City argued that the changes
were not necessarily permanent, as Les Hommes might resume showing
sex videos after the initial fuss of city inspections died down.
Further, the City argued, the court should focus on the overall
character of the business, and especially on the proportion of
revenue derived from adult uses, rather than just looking at
proportion of inventory and floor space.
The Les Hommes case was combined with cases involving two non-gay
adult businesses in Manhattan, and the arguments were similar in
all three.
In ruling in favor of the three businesses, Justice Crane found
that in each case the owner appeared to have followed the
suggestions contained in formal procedures published by the City
Department of Buildings, in which inspectors were instructed to use
a formula to evaluate businesses under which a business would only
be covered under the zoning ordinance if its sexually-oriented
inventory and uses were at least 40 percent of total inventory and
uses.
The procedures specified that inventory and floor space were
to provide the basis of measurement.
Justice Crane found that having issued these procedures, the City
should in fairness be bound by them, especially where business
owners made a significant investment in altering their premises to
comply.
Crane rejected the City's argument that he should look at
other factors not specified in the procedures.
Crane found that Les Hommes provided the "closest case" of the
three establishments.
Apart from dismantling an expensive
mechanism that allowed users of booths to select among 30 porn
videos, he found that Les Hommes had not engaged in any significant
structural alterations comparable to the other two businesses.
Furthermore, he decided to count the booths as adult uses, despite
the substitution of wrestling videos for adult videos.
However,
even when the booths were so designated, Les Hommes still complied
with the inventory and space proportions specified in the
procedures.
Crane rejected the City's argument that his decision should turn on
whether it was possible for a business to revert to adult uses
after the inspectors stopped coming to visit.
The City could make
periodic inspections of former adult businesses to insure that they
had not reverted to impermissible operations in their location.
"The court has concluded, then, that, because of the substantiality
of the changes made to NRS and Show World and the expenses and
costs NRS, Show World and Les Hommes have experienced in `doing
their best to comply,' the [City has] failed to establish by clear
and convincing evidence that these establishments as currently
configured fall within the definition of `adult establishment'
under ZR sec. 12-10," wrote Crane.
"Les Hommes comes dangerously
close due to the use of its mini theaters which could change
overnight.
But the exhibit of wrestling videos has been confirmed
by city inspectors.
Yet, it cannot be said for this potential of
recidivism alone that plaintiffs [the City] have sustained their
burden against Les Hommes."
The City announced that it would not appeal Crane's ruling,
possibly fearing that an appellate affirmance would more firmly
lock in the current approach to evaluating businesses.
However,
the City might well amend its formal procedures to adopt some of
the arguments that the City's attorneys made about examining other
factors to determine the essential nature of a business under the
zoning ordinance.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
The Associated Press reported September 23 that New Jersey Superior
Court Judge Philip B. Cummis rejected a lesbian co-parent's attempt
to secure joint custody and visitation rights with the children she
had been raising with her former partner.
_V.C. v. M.B._
(N.J.Super.).
According to the press report, Judge Cummis
analogized the co-parent to a step-parent, and found that New
Jersey law does not give a step-parent a right of custody or
visitation after the step-parent's relationship with the legal
parent has ended.
The judge also noted testimony that all major
decisions concerning the children were made by their legal mother,
concluded: "There is evidence the plaintiff participated in
activities and responsibility surrounding the children, but this
participation has not been proven to rise to the level of co-
parent."
After the women's relationship ended in August 1996, they
agreed on an informal visitation schedule, but M.B. later decided
to sever V.C.'s relationship with the children.
News reports about an attempt by a gay couple to adopt a child have
stirred two Indiana state representatives to announce that they
will introduce legislation to ban gays from adopting children.
At
present, the only states with such legislative bans are New
Hampshire and Florida.
A spokesperson for the Indiana Family and
Social Services Administration told the _Chicago Tribune_ (Sept.
22) that the sexual orientation of prospective parents is not
considered by the agency in making adoption placement decisions.
The Cook County, Illinois, Human Rights Commission voted to award
$50,000 damages for pain and suffering and $45,000 in back pay,
interest, and lost value of benefits, to Dale Hall, a gay man who
sued Red Lobster after the restaurant fired him because of his
sexual orientation.
The panel unanimously upheld a hearing
officer's ruling, and increased the damages recommended by the
hearing officer.
In addition, the Commission issued a cease and
desist order, and ordered Red Lobster to conduct diversity training
at all six of its Cook County restaurants.
(The case had earlier
won notoriety when lawyers for Red Lobster argued in their brief to
the Commission that the County gay rights ordinance was invalid.
Red Lobster subsequently ordered its lawyers to withdraw that
argument after pressure from gay rights activists.)
_Chicago
Tribune_, Sept. 12.
The Worcester, Mass., _Telegram & Gazette_ reported Sept. 9 that
two men who used the Internet to lure a gay man to a secluded area
where they beat and robbed him have been sentenced to jail terms
after pleading guilty to charges of armed robbery, assault and
battery, intimidation of a witness, civil rights violations,
conspiracy, and threatening to commit a crime.
William D. Peters
used an internet gay chat room to strike up an acquaintance with
Charles G. Read and persuade him to meet Peters in the early
morning hours at an athletic field in Webster, Mass.
When Read,
showed up, Peters and his confederate, Frank Labbe, taunted him
about his homosexuality, beat and kicked him, and stole various
items from his car (which were later recovered).
When Read went to
police and they questioned Peters, Read received an anonymous phone
call threatening to kill him if he cooperated with the police
investigation.
In light of the seriousness of these offenses, it
is surprising that the District Attorney recommended relatively
light prison sentences which were imposed by Judge Martha B. Sosman
in Worcester Superior Court.
Peters was sentenced to 4-6 years,
Labbe to 3-5 years.
_Commonwealth v. Peters & Labbe_.
The Riverside, California, _Press-Enterprise_ reported Sept. 11
that Riverside County Superior Court Judge Vilia Sherman has
sentenced Michael Stewart to 4 years for auto theft and 15 years to
life for second degree murder in the death of Jere Dodge, a gay
man.
Stewart met Dodge in an area of Riverside's Fairmount Park
that is a gay cruising ground.
They rode together to a field in El
Cerrito to have sex.
After they had sex, Stewart got into Dodge's
car, drove over him and crushed his chest and face and made off
with the car.
He later told a roommate that he had killed Dodge to
get the car, but told police that Dodge had been rough with him
during sex so he tried to make him stop and ran over him by
mistake.
Judge Sherman excoriated Stewart as "callous and vicious"
before passing sentence.
The Alaska Supreme Court ruled Sept. 22 that a ballot question to
add an amendment to the state constitution banning same-sex
marriage must be revised to drop part of the contested wording, but
that the issue will remain on the ballot this Nov. 3.
Voters will
see the following question: "To be valid or recognized in this
state, a marriage may exist only between one man and one woman."
The second sentence, which was removed by order of the court,
stated: "No provision of this constitution may be interpreted to
require the state to recognize or permit marriage between
individuals of the same sex."
The court's decision was not
available by press time, but will be discussed in the next issue of
_Law Notes_.
California State Senator Pete Knight of Palmdale has submitted
petitions containing more than 675,000 signatures to the Los
Angeles County Registrar, seeking a ballot question to outlaw same-
sex marriage in California.
The proposed California Defense of
Marriage Act, which the legislature has refused to pass, would most
likely be on the June 2000 ballot if the registrar determines that
the petitions contain at least 433,269 valid signatures of
registered voters.
_San Francisco Chronicle_, Sept. 22.
An internet posting from an employee reported that Harcourt-
General, a Fortune 500 company, will extend all benefits plans to
cover domestic partners in November 1998.
H-G owns Harcourt Brace
publishing company, Nieman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, and a host of
other companies.
Also, an employee at Practising Law Institute in
New York reports that PLI will begin offering dependent coverage
for domestic partners in October 1998.
In _Bledsoe v. Texas Department of Protective and Regulatory
Services_, filed Sept. 1 in state court in Dallas, Rebecca Bledsoe,
a social worker who was demoted after removing a foster child from
the home of a lesbian couple, is suing to get her demotion
reversed.
Bledsoe argues that homosexual conduct is a crime in
Texas, thus justifying her action in removing the child.
_Dallas
Morning News_, Sept. 2.
The Wayne County, Michigan, Circuit Court, Judge Susan Borman
presiding, has ruled that Michigan State Representative Deborah
Whyman defamed the Triangle Foundation, a gay rights group, in her
campaign literature in 1996, when she alleged that Triangle
Foundation supports "sex acts between grown men and boys."
The
campaign literature also stated, without any basis in fact, that
Triangle Foundation supported Whyman's opponent in the campaign.
(As a tax-exempt educational foundation, Triangle does not make
campaign endorsements.)
Judge Borman found that, contrary to the
assertions in the campaign literature, Triangle had never
proclaimed support for intergenerational sex between men, and had
never violated its tax status by endorsing a candidate.
She
awarded Triangle Foundation more than $15,000 in damages.
(Based
on Triangle Foundation Press Release, Sept. 15.)
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
California Governor Pete Wilson has vetoed a bill that would have
required insurance companies in California to provide health
insurance plans that include domestic partner coverage as an
option.
One of the important problems faced by employers who want
to provide such benefits is that many insurance companies do not
offer such plans.
As the fad for self-insurance among large
employers has faded in the rush to managed care HMO-type plans,
this has presented a significant stumbling block for many
employers.
The bill in question was intended to address the
problem in California.
Wilson, who had previously vetoed very
limited domestic partnership legislation, has a record of hostility
on this issue.
The only lobbying groups opposing this legislation
were "traditional family values" organizations; the insurance
industry had not been opposed.
_San Francisco Chronicle_, Oct. 1.
On another front, Gov. Wilson has signed a bill that amends
California's bias crime law to provide that transgendered persons
are among those to be protected from bias-motivated crimes.
The fishing village of Sorrento, Maine, unanimously adopted a gay
rights ordinance by voice vote during a town meeting on Sept. 15.
The 300-person village had voted 2-1 earlier this year against a
state referendum to repeal a gay rights law.
Selectman Constance
Dedam drafted the proposal in response to expressions of
disappointment by several town residents about the result of the
referendum.
On the Nov. 3 election ballot, voters in South
Portland and Ogunquit will consider propositions to add gay rights
protections to their local ordinances.
The Orono Town Council will
vote on such a measure on Oct. 19, and proposals to adopt gay
rights ordinances are under consideration in Falmouth and Camden.
The neighboring town of Bar Harbor passed an ordinance earlier this
year. _Bangor Daily News_, Sept. 26.
A.S.L.
Transsexual Rights under European and U.K. Law
On July 30, in _Sheffield & Horsham v. United Kingdom_
(www.dhcour.coe.fr), the European Court of Human Rights in
Strasbourg held that the U.K. Government's refusal to amend the
birth certificates of Kristina Sheffield and Rachel Horsham, two
(post-gender reassignment) transsexual women who were born male,
does not violate Articles 8 (right to respect for private life), 12
(right to marry) and 14 (non-discrimination) of the European
Convention on Human Rights.
In declining to follow the opinion of
the European Commission of Human Rights (1997 LGLN 78,
www.dhcommhr.coe.fr) that there had been a violation of Article 8,
the court rejected a claim by a British transsexual person for the
fourth time.
The court had previously found no violations in _Mark
Rees v. U.K._ (1986), _Caroline Cossey v. U.K._ (1990), and _X, Y
& Z v. U.K._ (1997 LGLN 77).
Although a passport and a driving license showing her sex as female
had been issued, Kristina Sheffield complained (1) that she had
been required to divorce her former wife as a pre-condition to
surgery and had been denied access to her daughter, (2) that her
birth certificate and various records (including social security
and police records) continue to show her sex as male, (3) that she
had been required to disclose her birth sex or former name or both
when applying for a U.S. visa, appearing in court, asking to see
her police computer file, and applying for car insurance, and (4)
that she had experienced employment discrimination (dismissal from
her job as a pilot and subsequent refusals to hire her) as a result
of the legal position of transsexuals in the U.K.
Rachel Horsham
complained that she wished to marry her non-transsexual male
partner in the Netherlands (where the marriage would be valid) and
return with him to the U.K. (where it might not be recognized).
Written observations (an amicus brief) were submitted by Liberty
(the British equivalent of the ACLU).
These noted that only the
U.K. and 3 other European countries of 37 studied "do not permit a
change to be made to a person's birth certificate in one form or
another to reflect the re-assigned sex of that person."
This evidence of an apparently overwhelming European consensus in
favour of amending birth certificates did not sway the majority of
the court (11 of 20 judges), who treated the case, like _Rees_ and
_Cossey_, as one involving a "positive obligation," i.e., the issue
was "not that [the U.K.] should abstain from acting to [the
applicants'] detriment but that it has failed to take positive
steps to modify a system which they claim operates to their
prejudice."
The majority found that since _Cossey_ in 1990 "there have [not]
been any findings in the area of medical science which settle
conclusively the doubts concerning the causes of the condition of
transsexualism."
As for Liberty's comparative study, the majority
was "not fully satisfied that the legislative trends . . . suffice
to establish the existence of any common European approach . . . as
to how to address the repercussions which the legal recognition of
a change of sex may entail for other areas of law such as marriage,
filiation, privacy or data protection," or as to the circumstances
in which disclosure of birth sex might be compelled.
"[T]ranssexualism raises complex scientific, legal, moral and
social issues, in respect of which there is no generally shared
approach among [Council of Europe member states] . . ."
Nor had
there been "detriment of sufficient seriousness."
The incidents
complained of "were a source of embarrassment and distress," but
"do not occur with a degree of frequency which could be said to
impinge to a disproportionate extent on [the applicants'] right to
respect for their private lives."
The U.K. did not therefore have
"a positive obligation under Article 8 . . . to recognise in law
their post-operative gender."
However, the majority did note that
"there is an increased social acceptance of transsexualism and an
increased recognition of the problems which post-operative
transsexuals encounter," and stressed, as in _Rees_ and _Cossey_,
that governments must keep this area under review.
The U.K. "has
not taken any steps to do so."
In his concurring opinion,
Judge Sir John Freeland (U.K.), found
no violation "with some reluctance" and acknowledged that
"continued inaction on the part of [the U.K.], taken together with
further developments elsewhere, could well tilt the balance in the
other direction."
As for Article 14 in conjunction with Article 8, the court
unanimously found no violation, because the considerations
mentioned above "must also be seen as justifying the difference in
treatment which the applicants experience."
And the court held (by
18 votes to 2) that "the inability of either applicant to contract
a valid marriage under [U.K.] law . . . cannot be said to
constitute a violation of Article 12 of the Convention."
It
repeated its view, previously expressed in _Rees_ and _Cossey_,
that the right to marry guaranteed by Article 12 refers to the
traditional marriage between persons of opposite biological sex. .
. . Article 12 is mainly concerned to protect marriage as the basis
of the family."
Dissenting Judges van Dijk (Netherlands) and
Wildhaber (Switzerland) would have found violations of Articles 8
and 12.
In _Sheffield & Horsham_, the European Court of Human Rights cited
_P. v. S. and Cornwall County Council_ (1996 LGLN 82, [1996] ECR
I-2143), in which the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg held
that dismissing an employee "for a reason related to a gender
reassignment" violates European Community sex discrimination law.
The more generous protection in EC law was successfully invoked by
Kristina Sheffield before an Industrial Tribunal in Bedford,
England against Air Foyle, a charter airline which had twice
refused her interviews for pilot jobs, in spite of her 32 years of
Royal Air Force and other flying experience.
_The Pink Paper_
reported on Sept. 11 that the Tribunal had awarded her about 15,000
pounds for injury to feelings and about 63,000 pounds for loss of
potential earnings.
The airline plans to appeal the amount awarded
to the Employment Appeal Tribunal.
This correspondent had the pleasure of attending one day of the
Third International Congress on Sex and Gender, entitled
Transgender Agenda: An Inter-Disciplinary Conference for the
End of the Millennium," held at Exeter College, University of
Oxford, Sept. 18-20.
The main organizer was transsexual male law
professor Stephen Whittle (X in _X, Y & Z v. UK_, 1997 LGLN 78).
Susan Marshall, transsexual female Home Bursar of Exeter College,
arranged the use of the beautiful venue and addressed the
conference dinner in the College's 300-year-old Hall, along with
non-transsexual Member of Parliament Lynne Jones.
It was an
extremely valuable education to spend a day among perhaps 100
transsexual and intersexual persons, of about 150 at the
conference, and to be part of a non-transsexual minority for a
change.
And a transsexual "takeover" of an Oxford college is
surely a landmark on the long road to equality for transsexual
persons!
_Robert Wintemute_
Professional Notes
Tammy Baldwin, an openly-lesbian attorney and state legislator, won
a hotly contested primary election on Sept. 8 to become the
Democratic nominee for the U.S. House of Representatives from
Wisconsin's 2nd Congressional District (Madison).
In a 4-way race
that drew almost 65,000 votes, Baldwin's total of 24,047 edged out
the next highest candidate by about 1500 votes.
_Wisconsin State
Journal_, Sept. 9.
Scott Bernstein, an openly-gay attorney, has won election to the
Dade County, Florida, Circuit Court in a general election held on
September 1.
_Washington Blade_, Sept. 25.
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund has announced the hiring of
two additional staff attorneys for its national headquarters office
in New York.
Marvin C. Peguese, a 1998 graduate of University of
California at Berkeley Law School, was editor-in-chief of that
school's _African-American Law & Policy Report_ and the first
recipient of a prize for excellence in clinical advocacy.
A native
of North Carolina, he will focus on youth, criminal and immigration
law matters.
Doni Gewirtzman, also a 1998 graduate of Berkeley,
was an editor on the _California Law Review_, and had previously
interned in Lambda's Los Angeles office.
Gewirtzman joins Lambda
under the Skadden Fellowship Program (which means that his position
is being underwritten by the law firm of Skadden Arps Slate Meagher
& Flom), and will focus on legal issues affecting lesbian and gay
senior citizens.
The addition of Peguese and Gewirtzman brings
Lambda's full-time legal staff to sixteen attorneys in four
offices.
The Atlanta (Georgia) Legal Aid Society has announced an opening
for an experienced attorney to work as a legal work supervisor in
its AIDS Legal Project.
The job requires client representation,
supervising the work of other lawyers and paralegals, community
work, and may also lead to participation in the management of the
agency.
At least 5 years legal experience, Georgia bar membership
(or willingness to take the next scheduled Georgia bar exam), and
past experience in providing legal services to low income persons,
especially in an HIV context, are important qualifications.
Salary
is $38,000 or up, depending on experience, with full fringe
benefits.
Letters of application and resumes can be faxed to 404-
525-5710, marked "AIDS Attorney, attention Marian Burge," to be
followed within ten days by a complete application packet including
legal writing sample, names and phone numbers of three legal
references, and a law school transcript, to: Marian Burge, Deputy
Director, Atlanta Legal Aid Society, 151 Spring Street NW, Atlanta,
GA 30303-2097.
A.S.L.
International Notes
Canadian attorney Stephane Gendron has filed an action seeking a
marriage license on behalf of a gay couple, Michael Hendricks and
Rene LeBoeuf, from the government of Quebec.
The action was filed
Sept. 14 in Montreal Superior Court.
Gendron is advancing two
legal theories: that denial of a marriage license violates the
Quebec Charter of Rights and Liberties, which prohibits sexual
orientation discrimination by the province, and alternatively that
the Canadian Constitution gives legislative power over marriage to
the federal government, and thus Quebec's refusal of a marriage
license is ultra vires.
Based on Internet posting by Stephane
Gendron.
The _Toronto Globe and Mail_ reported Sept. 11 that a male-to-
female transsexual Quebec lawyer who is having a sex change
procedure is not eligible to be designated female on her driver's
license.
Justice Louis Rochette of Quebec Superior Court ruled
that under the Civil Code only a post-operative transsexual can
have official documents changed.
Pierre Montreuil has already
effected name changes to Micheline Montreuil on her passport,
social-insurance registration, bar association membership, and
several credit cards.
The _Daily Mail_ (Sept. 9) reports that a gay man from Romania has
been granted asylum by the British government.
Sorin Mihai
persuaded the Home Office that he would be subject to persecution
were he to return to Romania, where gay sex has been illegal until
recently, and even the recent repeal legislation leaves the status
of gay sex somewhat ambiguous.
Journalist Rex Wockner has reported that the Colombia
Constitutional Court ruled Sept. 10 by 5-4 that a law mandating the
discharge of openly gay school teachers is unlawfully
discriminatory.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
Canada's Supreme Court Criminalizes Non-Disclosure of HIV+ Status
Before Consensual Unprotected Sexual Intercourse
On Sept. 3,
the Supreme Court of Canada held in _R. v. Cuerrier_
that an HIV+ person's lying about (all 7 judges), or failing to
disclose (at least 5 of 7 judges) their HIV status to a sexual
partner may constitute fraud, thus vitiating the partner's consent
to unprotected sexual intercourse, and thus rendering the HIV+
person guilty of aggravated assault under sec. 268 of the federal
Criminal Code. (Criminal law in Canada is under exclusive federal
jurisdiction, which means that there is only one federal offence of
aggravated assault for all ten provinces and two territories.)
Section 268 provides: "Every one commits an aggravated assault who
wounds, maims, disfigures or endangers the life of the
complainant."
The maximum sentence is fourteen years in prison.
Under sec. 265(1)(a), "[a] person commits an assault when . . .
without the consent of another person, he applies force
intentionally to that other person," and under sec. 265(3)(c), "no
consent is obtained where the complainant submits . . . by reason
of . . . fraud".
After testing HIV+,
Henry Gerard Cuerrier had sexual intercourse
(presumably vaginal) with one woman at least 100 times and another
woman 10 times, mainly without condoms.
He did not disclose his
HIV status, and both women testified that they would not have
consented to sexual intercourse had they known it.
Neither had
tested HIV+ at the time of the trial.
He was charged with two
counts of aggravated assault, but the trial judge directed an
acquittal and the British Columbia Court of Appeal upheld it.
The
Supreme Court of Canada reversed and ordered a new trial.
Justice Cory wrote for a majority of four.
He began by finding
that "[t]here can be no doubt that the respondent endangered the
lives of the complainants by exposing them to the risk of HIV
infection through unprotected sexual intercourse.
The potentially
lethal consequences of infection permit no other conclusion.
Further, it is not necessary to establish that the complainants
were in fact infected with the virus. There is no prerequisite that
any harm must actually have resulted."
He then considered whether the complainants' consent had been
vitiated by fraud, and whether sec. 265(3)(c) had removed the
common law requirement that the fraud relate to the "nature and
quality of the act" or the identity of the partner.
He concluded
that "both the legislative history and the plain language of the
provision suggest that Parliament intended to move away from the
rigidity of the common law requirement."
He saw no reason "why,
with appropriate modifications, the principles which have
historically been applied in relation to fraud in criminal law
cannot be used," i.e., there must be "dishonesty, which can include
non-disclosure of important facts, and deprivation or risk of
deprivation."
He added that "[t]he deadly consequences that
non-disclosure of the risk of HIV infection can have on an
unknowing victim make it imperative that as a policy the broader
view of fraud vitiating consent advocated in the [English cases
before _R. v. Clarence_ (1888), 22 Q.B.D. 23] and in the U.S.
decisions [such as _Kathleen K. v. Robert B._, 198 Cal. Rptr. 273
(Ct. App. 1984)] should be adopted."
The dishonesty requirement is satisfied by "either deliberate
deceit respecting HIV status or non-disclosure of that status."
True consent "must be consent to have intercourse with a partner
who is HIV-positive . . . the greater the risk of deprivation the
higher the duty of disclosure."
The deprivation requirement is
satisfied where the consenting person is exposed to "a significant
risk of serious bodily harm."
Justice Cory observed that "[t]o
have intercourse with a person who is HIV-positive will always
present risks . . .
Yet the careful use of condoms MIGHT be found
to so reduce the risk of harm that it could no longer be considered
significant . . ."
(Emphasis added.
A nice bit of uncertainty
there; please let us know when you decide!)
Justice Cory rejected Justice L'Heureux-Dube's broader formulation,
under which any fraud that is "designed to induce the complainant
to submit" may vitiate consent.
Under her formulation, lies about
one partner's age, job, salary, fidelity, affection or sexual
prowess could convert otherwise consensual sexual activity into
assault.
Cory's formulation (significant risk of serious bodily
harm) "should be interpreted in light of the gravity of the
consequences of a conviction for sexual assault and with the aim of
avoiding the trivialization of the offence."
Does public policy require that the provisions of provincial public
health legislation be used to the exclusion of the federal Criminal
Code?
Justice Cory concluded that it does not, rejecting the
arguments of several interveners (amici curiae), the British
Columbia Civil Liberties Association, the Canadian AIDS Society,
the Persons with AIDS Society of British Columbia, and the Canadian
HIV/AIDS Legal Network.
They argued that provincial public health
initiatives and powers (voluntary testing, education, counselling,
support services, and mandatory treatment or testing in some cases)
may well prove more effective in controlling the spread of HIV than
any federal criminal sanctions.
Justice Cory responded that "the
criminal law does have a role to play both in deterring those
infected with HIV from putting the lives of others at risk and in
protecting the public from irresponsible individuals . . . This
case provides a classic example of the ineffectiveness of the
health scheme.
The respondent . . . on three occasions was
instructed to advise his partner of [his HIV status] and not to
have unprotected sex."
The criminal law "reflects society's
abhorrence of the self-centered recklessness and the callous
insensitivity of the actions of the respondent," and "may well have
the desired effect of ensuring that there is disclosure of the risk
and that appropriate precautions are taken. . . .
It is unlikely
that individuals would be deterred from seeking testing because of
the possibility of criminal sanctions arising later."
And the
argument "that criminalizing non-disclosure of HIV status will
undermine the educational message that all are responsible for
protecting themselves against HIV infection . . . can have little
weight. . . . [T]he primary responsibility for making the
disclosure must rest upon those who are aware they are infected. .
. . That responsibility cannot be lightly shifted to unknowing
members of society . . ."
The fact that the annual number of new
HIV infections in Canada continues to rise "indicate[s] that public
education alone has not been successful in modifying the behaviour
of individuals at risk of contracting AIDS. . . . [T]he deterrence
of the criminal law . . . may well assist . . ."
The Supreme Court of Canada's decision is an interpretation of the
Criminal Code, a federal statute (rather than the Canadian Charter
of Rights and Freedoms, part of the Constitution of Canada), and
can therefore be overruled by the federal Parliament.
Justice Cory
concluded by observing that "it will be for Parliament to determine
whether the protection afforded by the [Criminal] Code should be
curtailed in the interests of controlling the plague solely by
public health measures."
Justice McLachlin (joined by Justice Gonthier) disagreed with the
conclusion of the other five judges that sec. 265(3)(c) had removed
the common law requirements for the vitiation of consent by fraud,
and characterized their formulations as "broad extensions to the
law of sexual assault."
Justice Cory's commercial concept of fraud
could apply to "lying about sterility or the effectiveness of birth
control" or "lies about the prospect of marriage or false
declarations of affection," which "carry the risk of psychological
suffering [or] depression . . ."
His ad hoc qualifier (significant
risk of serious bodily harm) is too uncertain.
And his "extension
of the criminal law . . . represents a curtailment of individual
liberty sufficient to require endorsement by Parliament."
Extension of the Criminal Code by judicial interpretation should be
incremental and such that "it is required to bring the law into
step with the changing needs of society."
Justice McLachlin
proposed a narrower extension: "deception as to the presence of a
sexually transmitted disease giving rise to a serious risk or
probability of infecting the complainant."
The test would focus on
"whether the accused falsely represented to the complainant that he
or she is disease-free."
(Justice McLachlin's formulation would
not seem to catch mere non-disclosure.
Cuerrier had falsely stated
that he was HIV-negative to one of the complainants.)
The majority's reasoning in _Cuerrier_ leaves many questions
unanswered.
Vaginal intercourse is covered (and a fortiori anal
intercourse), but what about oral intercourse?
Will use of condoms
be sufficient to avoid criminal liability?
Which type?
What if
they are not properly used?
And could sec. 273 of the Criminal
Code, the offence of aggravated sexual assault (which carries a
maximum sentence of life imprisonment), be used?
Or is there an
assault but not a sexual assault, because the vitiated consent is
to injection of HIV-infected semen, rather than to penetration by
a penis?
_Robert Wintemute_
Note: This Canadian Supreme Court decision may be found on the
website maintained by the University of Montreal Law School:
Michigan Appeals Court Affirms Conviction Under HIV Disclosure Law
On August 28, 1998, Michigan's Court of Appeals upheld that state's
AIDS and HIV Disclosure Law.
_People v. Jensen_, 1998 WL 549283.
M.C.S. 333.5210; MSA 14.15(5210) makes it a crime to fail to inform
a sexual partner that one has AIDS or is HIV+ prior to engaging in
sexual penetration.
The facts, although not set forth in the court's decision, were set
forth in detail in a prior decision of the court, _People v.
Jensen_, 222 Mich.App. 575, 564 N.W.2d 192 (1997).
On October 12,
1990, Brenda Lee Jensen was diagnosed as being HIV+.
Subsequently,
a probate court declared Jensen legally incapacitated by reason of
mental deficiency.
As a result, the court appointed a full time
guardian for Jensen.
In 1994, on three different occasions, Jensen
engaged in unprotected sexual intercourse with another resident in
the hotel where she resided.
After returning to foster care,
Jensen admitted to her guardian that she had engaged in unprotected
sexual intercourse without informing her partner of her HIV status.
Subsequently, Jensen was arrested and convicted of violating
Michigan's HIV disclosure law.
On appeal, Jensen challenged the constitutionality of the statute,
alleging that it is unconstitutionally overbroad because it applies
both to consensual and nonconsensual sexual acts, and that it fails
to require an intent to cause harm.
The Court of Appeals rejected
these arguments in their entirety.
As to overbreadth, Jensen argued that the statute is overbroad
because its application is not limited to consensual sex acts.
Jensen essentially argued that an HIV+ rape victim could unfairly
be charged under the statute if the victim failed to inform his or
her attacker that he or she was HIV+.
The court rejected this
argument, finding that Jensen failed to establish how the statute
sweeps within its inclusion both protected and unprotected conduct.
Moreover, the court found that since Jensen had engaged in
consensual sex acts, she lacked standing to challenge the
constitutionality of the statute as applied to nonconsensual sex
acts.
Jensen's second argument was that the statute does not require mens
rea or intent.
In effect, someone who does not understand or
appreciate the consequences of his or her acts could be criminally
responsible under the law.
The court dismissively indicated that
such a person would not be criminally responsible under the legal
insanity defense statute.
Completely lacking from the decision was
any meaningful discussion of why that statute would not apply to
Jensen, who had previously been declared legally incapacitated by
a probate court.
In support of imposing strict liability, the court analogized to a
recent case where it had upheld the constitutionality of a statute
that criminalizes causing death by operating a motor vehicle while
intoxicated.
In that case, the court found the necessary intent
was in the act of drinking alcohol and then operating a motor
vehicle.
Here, the court found "the requisite intent is inherent
in the HIV-infected person's socially and morally irresponsible
actions."
The court also described the statute as "public welfare
legislation," stating: "Failure to disclose not only places the
unwitting participant but also that participant's other sexual
partners at serious risk of premature death.
Indeed, the probable
results accompanying nondisclosure are fairly predictable: Death to
innocent third parties."
Jensen finally argued that the statute violated her right to
privacy.
The court found that the right to privacy was not an
absolute right and the state's need to protect its citizens from
HIV outweighed Jensen's privacy right.
The repercussions of statutes such as the one discussed herein are
troubling.
They place the burden of stopping the spread of HIV on
those who know that they are already HIV+.
Such laws can lull
uninfected individuals into a false sense of security, believing
that all of their partners are negative because none of them say a
word.
Statues such as this bring new meaning to the expression
"Silence = Death."
Moreover, many people are infected with HIV and
do not know it.
These people would not be subject to this law and
could infect plenty of people unless people protect themselves from
infection.
Statutes such as this could be used to warehouse
persons with HIV and AIDS in jails in the interests of "protecting
society."
Stopping the spread of HIV and AIDS will not come from
criminalizing the spread of the disease.
We will only stop the
disease by educating its potential victims.
_Todd V. Lamb_
Social Security Disability Benefits Not Available Automatically for
HIV+ NYC Workfare Participant
Granting judgment on the pleadings in favor of the government, U.S.
District Judge Allen G. Schwartz ruled that an HIV+ unemployed man
who works as a kitchen helper in exchange for welfare benefits as
required by the Giuliani Administration in New York City is not
entitled to receive Social Security Disability benefits solely on
account of his HIV status, or on account of depression stemming
from that status.
_Cortez v. Apfel_, 1998 WL 601005 (S.D.N.Y.,
Sept. 10).
Jose Cortez, now 34 years old, has been working five days a week as
a kitchen helper since 1993 in exchange for welfare benefits.
On
Aug. 26, 1994, he was diagnosed HIV+.
On Oct. 26, 1994, he filed
an application for Supplemental Security Income benefits, alleging
that he had been disabled since Oct. 19, 1994.
A series of doctors
has examined him pursuant to his application, and all have
concluded that he is essentially asymptomatic, that his HIV
infection has not imposed any limitations on him in terms of his
daily living or ability to perform the physical activities
necessary for his job.
The only ill-health identified was
depression, which doctors attributed to his reaction to his HIV
status.
Cortez argued that he should be considered disabled on
account of his HIV+ status and its consequences.
Approving the government's denial of benefits, Schwartz found that
there was substantial evidence in the record to support the Social
Security Administration's determination that Cortez is not now
qualified for benefits, noting that the burden is on the applicant
to show that he is physically or mentally incapable of performing
his customary work.
Schwartz concluded, "Plaintiff has a serious
medical condition that could, at some time, affect his ability to
engage in work-related activities.
Plaintiff may submit a new
application for benefits if, and when, his condition worsens."
A.S.L.
West Virginia Court Struggles With Rights of HIV+ Mother
In _Interest of: Micah Alyn R._, 1998 WL 327895 (W.Va. June 22),
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia gave an AIDS-stricken
mom a second chance with her baby boy under an appeal from a final
order of the Circuit Court of Raleigh. The court reversed the
circuit court's final order terminating parental rights, remanded,
and gave the instruction that the lower court should find a plan of
visitation that would accommodate the mother, child, and foster
parents (who would be allowed to adopt at an appropriate time in
the future).
In July 1996, Ada R., Micah's mother, placed him in foster care by
filing a voluntary placement agreement because she had been
diagnosed with AIDS and he was HIV+. Though her son was placed in
the care of the Department of Health and Human Resources, Ada
visited him frequently. During the next few months, several
hearings were held to review the voluntary placement. Ada wanted to
give Micah up for adoption, so in March 1997 a supplemental hearing
was filed to terminate the parental rights of the father, Hansel R.
Later, Ada changed her mind and decided to pursue full custody.
Since Hansel never appeared to contest the ruling, his parental
rights were terminated in July. That same day, the Department
sought to terminate Ada's parental rights on the evidence given by
a social services case worker.
The case worker testified that Ada had been abusive on several
occasions and that she had failed to administer her son's HIV
medication regularly and once, gave him the wrong dosage.
The
stress of Ada's disease caused these lapses in care as she was
often tired, dizzy, or sleeping. However, the case worker also
testified that Ada had shown improvement over the last several
months. In due course, the circuit court terminated Ada's parental
rights, finding that Micah was "abused" and "neglected."
Although Justice Maynard, writing for the Supreme Court of Appeals,
found that the circuit court had not erred in its finding that
Micah was abused and neglected with "no reasonable likelihood that
the conditions of the abuse and neglect could be corrected in the
future," Maynard noted that "it appears that the principal reason
that the circuit court terminated Ada R.'s parental rights is the
tragic fact that she is suffering from a terminal illness."
While the court did not condone Ada's behavior, it decided not to
exacerbate the tragedy by terminating her parental rights.
It also
recognized the sadness of the situation faced by terminally-ill
single-parents, having to do what is best for the child while, at
the same time, being confronted with the possibility of having the
child that they love taken away.
This forward-thinking court also determined that there were only
two guardianship options open to terminally-ill parents under West
Virginia law: traditional guardianship, which relinquishes parental
authority while the parent is still living, and testamentary
guardianship, which only becomes effective upon the parents death.
Justice Maynard suggested that a third option, standby
guardianship, which would see to the needs of the child without
relinquishing parental power, would be more accommodating.
However, this option is not yet available in West Virginia, so it
is not open to Ada.
Fortunately, in this case, young Micah had
foster parents who were willing to adopt and to take on the
enormous responsibilities of a sick child.
However, as is the case
with most adoptive parents, they needed assurances that the
emotional and financial support that they were investing in the
child were not wasted.
However, given the length of time that the
foster parents already had with Micah, W.VA. Code 49-2-14 (1995)
offered them some protection as their relationship could not be
terminated save for the best interests of the child coupled with
one of six other situations.
With sympathetic courts, viable options can be created to take into
account the needs of the terminally-ill and their offspring. This
sad situation is one that warrants every available avenue. West
Virginia's Supreme Court of Appeals should be commended for having
the heart and sensitivity to deal with this age-old tragedy.
_Leo
L. Wong_
Idaho Appeals Court Reverses HIV Testing Order in Biting Case
Finding that expert testimony presented to the trial court did not
support an order that a criminal defendant be tested for HIV and
HBV, the Idaho Court of Appeals reversed the order requiring that
a man who bit a police officer be tested.
_State v. Johnson_, 1998
WL 652651 (Sept. 24).
Unfortunately, the opinion by Judge Perry says little about the
circumstances under which the biting took place, merely reciting
that defendant James J. Johnson "bit a police officer on the leg.
The officer was wearing duty pants with long johns underneath."
Elsewhere in the opinion, Perry notes that the officer's skin was
not broken and there was no evidence that the clothing was torn or
punctured where the bit occurred.
Johnson was charged with battery on a police officer, and the
magistrate ordered that he submit to HIV and HBV testing under
Idaho Code sec. 39-604(4), which provides: "All persons who are
charged with any crime in which body fluid as defined in this
chapter [which includes saliva] has likely been transmitted to
another shall be tested for the presence of HIV antibodies or
antigens and for hepatitis B virus."
There were two witnesses at
the hearing, the police officer and Pam Marcum, a forensic
scientist with the Department of Law Enforcement.
Marcum's
testimony was equivocal; at some points, she said it was likely
that body fluid was transmitted but that the risk of infection was
quite low, while at other points she backed away from quantifying
the likelihood that transmission took place.
The state argued
that, regardless of Marcum's testimony, the magistrate would be
justified in concluding as a matter of common sense that the
statutory requirement had been met.
The magistrate's order was
upheld by the district court, and Johnson appealed.
Perry first rejected the state's argument that "common knowledge"
supported the magistrate's order, pointing out that the state
itself had presented an expert witness, and that the court's rule
on appeal was to "decide whether the expert's testimony provided
sufficient evidence that it was likely that body fluids were
transmitted when Johnson bit the officer's leg."
As to that, Perry
found the expert testimony too equivocal to support the order.
"Although Marcum testified at times that it was likely, she failed
to support those statements with meaningful reasoning or analysis.
In fact, she said on different occasions that she was unqualified
to respond and that nobody would know the answer.
Marcum finally
testified that it was likely that body fluid could be transferred,
but `[n]ot more likely.'"
Perry concluded that the evidence Marcum
provided was "not substantial or competent," and thus that the
order must be reversed.
Concurring specially, Judge Schwartzman suggested that the trial
court could have achieved the same result of testing by making such
testing a condition of probation after Johnson pled guilty to the
underlying charge, as an exercise of discretion to supervise
probation.
A.S.L.
Florida Appeals Court Revives Model's Action Against Viatical
Company for Use of Photograph in Gay-Oriented Advertisements
A male model whose photograph was allegedly used without
authorization in advertisements encouraging gay men with AIDS to
viaticate their life insurance policies has stated a cause of
action under a Florida privacy statute as well as certain common
law tort claims.
_Facchina v. Mutual Benefits Corp._, 1998 WL
646663 (Fla. App., 4th Dist., Sept. 23).
Reversing a decision of
the Broward County Circuit Court, the Court of Appeal found that
allowing the action to go forward did not violate the judge-made
economic loss rule governing mixed contract/tort claims under
Florida common law.
Paul V. Facchina, Jr., is a male model who made a contract with
Mutual Benefits Corp., a subsidiary of Viatical Benefits
Foundation, allowing the use of his photograph in advertising.
The
contract provided, in pertinent part: "Said advertisement shall be
limited to the sole purpose of purchasing life insurance policies
and its related interests."
(It was clearly not drafted by a
grammarian!).
Facchina later discovered that his photograph was
appearing in advertisements in gay magazines, encouraging gay men
with AIDS to viaticate their life insurance policies with Viatical
Benefits Foundation; from the context, viewers of the advertisement
might conclude that the person depicted was a gay man with AIDS.
Facchina sued MBC for the unauthorized use of his photos, alleging
that he was being falsely portrayed as a "poster boy" for
"homosexuals dying from AIDS" in a major advertising campaign.
He
alleged that this depiction was potentially harmful to his modeling
career, and had actually caused him severe emotional distress
manifesting in physical symptoms.
Facchina claimed a violation of
Fla. Stat. sec. 540.08, which requires express written or oral
consent before a person's likeness may be used by another for
commercial purposes.
He also asserted claims of defamation, fraud,
invasion of privacy, and sought injunctive relief against further
use of the photograph in this way.
Defendants moved for dismissal,
claiming that under the economic loss rule, Facchina would be
limited to a suit for breach of contract and could not obtain
relief under the statute or common law tort claims.
The trial
judge agreed with the defendants.
Reversing that decision in an opinion by Judge Farmer, the Court of
Appeal held that the judge-made economic loss rule (ELR) could not
be used to block a properly pled suit under the Florida privacy
statute.
Furthermore, the court rejected the contention that ELR
would also block the defamation and common law invasion of privacy
claims.
"By contracting with defendant to allow the use of his
likeness in specified advertising, plaintiff could hardly be
expected to provide for remedies for a later possible defamatory
falsehood concerning him," wrote Farmer.
"It would be unrealistic
to hold potential defamation claimants to a duty to provide for
remedies by contract with potential defamers.
The court also found
Florida precedents supporting the plaintiff's contention that an
independent tort of invasion of privacy exists in Florida, and that
the existence of a contract governing use of the photos "would not
necessarily immunize the publisher . . . from damages for invasion
of privacy.
If a generally authorized publication were made in
such a manner that the publisher should reasonably have known would
offend the sensibilities of a normal person, then as a preliminary
legal matter the claim would state a cause of action," Farmer
wrote.
"A person may have a contractual right to publish the likeness of
another without breaching a contract giving him the right to
publish but may still abuse that right and publish in such a manner
as to violate the subject's person, privacy interests. . .
Under
the unique circumstances of this case, we think that it is not
realistic to anticipate that an authorized publication for
advertising purposes may be used as it was here.
Therefore we hold
that the ELR does not alone bar the claim."
In footnotes, the court stressed that it was not ruling as to the
merits of the claim, or as to other possible defenses that might be
raised, since the appeal was concerned solely with the trial
judge's decision to dismiss various claims based on the ELR.
A.S.L.
Court Finds No Libel in False Publication About Dentist's Practice
The publication of an advertisement stating that a dentist
specialized in treating patients with HIV was not libel per se, the
Connecticut Superior Court held.
_Sweet v. The Utter Co._, 1998 WL
551967 (Aug. 20).
Dentist James Sweet sued The Utter Co., a
newspaper publisher, for its publication of an advertisement
identifying him as specializing in treating patients with HIV.
Judge Martin granted the defendant's motion for summary judgment on
plaintiff's claim of libel per se, finding that the alleged
libelous statements did not charge Dr. Sweet with a crime or injure
him in his profession.
Thus, Dr. Sweet would have to show actual
damages in order to win an action for libel.
_Dirk Williams_
Connecticut Superior Court Delimits Discovery of HIV Status
An HIV+ plaintiff sued his insurer for canceling his disability
coverage upon his submission of a claim. While the insurer's
alleged action breaches the written terms of the policy, the
plaintiff argued violation of the Connecticut Unfair Trade
Practices Act (CUTPA) and the Connecticut Unfair Insurance
Practices Act (CUIPA).
As a PWA, the plaintiff successfully sealed
the file and was allowed to proceed under the pseudonym Michael
Doe.
The question before the court in _Doe v. Protective Life
Insurance Co._, 1998 WL 568326 (Conn. Super., Aug. 26), was the
terms of a protective order sought by Doe to limit dissemination of
AIDS-related information in discovery.
Connecticut's General
Statutes sec. 19a-583, which the court compares to New York Public
Health Law sec. 2782, requires limiting disclosure to protect the
HIV+ party from discrimination and to protect the party's privacy
interest, as well as the public's interest in controlling the
spread of AIDS through confidential testing and treatment.
The defendant objected to the protective order proposed by Doe as
overly broad, thus unfairly hampering its ability to defend.
The
court agreed that Doe's draft was "far more restrictive than is
necessary to accomplish the purposes of the statutory
confidentiality provisions," and rewrote the order in remedy.
The
order as written by the court omits some redundancies and other
legalese from Doe's draft, however both provide that: all
depositions, interrogatories, and other documents in this matter
will be filed and kept under seal and will be made available for
destruction at the end of the litigation; no one connected with the
litigation may disclose the plaintiff's HIV status except on
permission of the court or plaintiff and then only on notice to the
plaintiff and only to recipients who have signed a non-disclosure
agreement.
Doe's proposed order would have further required that
interrogatories to be propounded first be submitted to the court
for approval and veiled deposition" wherein the physical
characteristics and appearance of the plaintiff are not disclosed.
Doe's draft also prescribed contempt as penalty for breach of the
non-disclosure agreement. The court refined this down so that
plaintiff can be deposed only before persons in compliance with the
non-disclosure order. _Mark Major_
Maine Court Says Mother Should Determine Treatment Course for Son
Maine District Court Judge Douglas A. Clapp rejected an attempt by
the state to take away from Valerie Emerson the custody of her son,
Nikolas, age 4, in a dispute over AIDS treatment.
_In re Nikolas
Emerson_, No. NEW-98-CD-17 (Maine Dist. Ct., Penobscot County,
Sept. 19).
Emerson, who is HIV+, has already lost another child to
AIDS.
Because her child suffered greatly from the side-effects of
AIDS medications, she decided that she did not want to subject
Nikolas, who is also HIV+, to the same regimen.
The state argued
that her refusal to allow him to be treated constitutes neglect
sufficient to justify termination of custody, and placement with
another relative who would be willing to cooperate in Nikolas's
treatment.
Judge Clapp found Emerson's refusal to be "rational and reasoned.
. .
The monotherapy [AZT treatment], which the best doctors told
Ms. Emerson was appropriate for her daughter many months ago,
failed fatally and is now not recommended by the same experts.
Instead, they have recommended a more aggressive and powerful
therapy.
They may be right in this advice.
Current statistics can
be interpreted that they may also just as likely be wrong.
If so,
they will move on to better and more informed attempts to cure this
as yet incurable disease, but Ms. Emerson will bury another child.
. .
The state of Maine is now in no position to tell her in the
face of her unique experience that she is wrong in her current
judgment to wait for better and more reliable treatment methods."
In light of the current state of medicine on AIDS, Clapp concluded
that "it can only reasonably be left up to the parent to make an
informed choice in this regard." _AIDS Policy & Law_, Oct. 2, 1998,
at 1, 4-5.
A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
The international AIDS community lost a towering leader for the
human rights of people with HIV when Dr. Jonathan Mann died in the
crash of Swissair Flight 111.
Mann had led the World Health
Organization's AIDS programs from 1986 until 1990, and had
continued to play a leading role in AIDS policy discussion at
Harvard University until last year.
He had recently become dean of
Allegheny University of the Health Science's School of Public
Health in Philadelphia.
We recently noted a series of symposia on
AIDS policy edited by Dr. Mann.
Mann's wife, Mary-Lou Clements-
Mann, a prominent AIDS medical researcher, also died in the crash.
In _New York State Bar Association v. Reno_, the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of N.Y. (McAvoy, J.) ruled
September 14 that a federal statute making it a crime for anyone
(including an attorney) to counsel an individual on disposing of
assets in order to qualify for Medicaid benefits is
unconstitutional.
The full text of the decision was published in
the New York Law Journal on Sept. 28, p. 25, col.3.
Delta Air Lines can be held liable for slander and libel for
secretly maintaining a list of employees suspected of being HIV+,
according to an unpublished California Court of Appeal ruling in
_Baldanza v. Delta Air Lines_, No. A075614 (Cal.App. 1st Dist.,
Aug. 7, 1998)(reported in _Daily Journal_, Aug. 11.
Delta claimed
the list was needed to keep track of employees experiencing AIDS-
related illness and who might thus require job assistance, but the
court found that the surreptitious nature of the list cast doubt
upon that explanation.
Justice Michael J. Phelan wrote, "If Delta
had a bona fide interest in providing effective, reasonable
accommodation to the employees on the list, it would have to
communicate with those employees about that matter."
The list came
to light when an HIV- sales agent learned that he might be on some
list of people with HIV and inquired further.
The Associated Press reported Sept. 2 that Phillip Carter, a gay
HIV+ man from Columbus, Mississippi, was convicted by a jury of
violating a quarantine order by having unprotected sex with various
partners without disclosing his HIV status.
Carter was sentenced
to five years in prison.
An HIV+ man who had unprotected sex with his step-daughter was
wrongly convicted of "attempted extreme indifference murder,"
according to the Colorado Court of Appeals in _State v. Perez_, No.
96CA1587 (Sept. 3, 1998).
The court found that this particular
crime was concerned with indiscriminate killings, and that the
facts of the case did not fit this profile.
However, the court
upheld Perez's conviction on two others counts, both involving
sexual assault on a child.
_AIDS Policy & Law_, Oct. 2, 1998, at
2.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed the Ricky Ray Compensation
Bill this summer, authorizing compensation of $100,000 to each of
7,200 hemophiliacs who contracted AIDS during the early years of
the epidemic at a time when blood supplies used to make clotting
medication were not being safeguarded.
A companion bill in the
Senate was amended in committee by Sen. James Jeffords of Vermont,
who argued that compensation should also be extended to the roughly
10,000 people who were infected in blood transfusions prior to the
implementation of HIV screening of donated blood.
There is some
question whether the full Senate will approve the amended bill,
which exceeds in expense the House bill by $1.7 billion.
_Syracuse
Post-Standard_, Sept. 24; _Baltimore Sun_, Sept. 24.
A John Doe plaintiff in San Francisco has settled a federal
discrimination suit against Wahlgreen Drug Stores, based on an
incident in the Wahlgreen's on Castro Street where the pharmacist
yelled at the plaintiff, revealing his HIV status to other
customers, resulting in the plaintiff going several days without
medicine to control his HIV-related diarrhea.
The _Bay Area
Reporter_ had published a story about the case when it was first
filed in 1997.
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Dennis D. Montali has ordered Alan Louie, in
the context of a Chapter 7 bankruptcy action pending in San
Francisco, to pay $25,000 to his ex-lover for exposing him to HIV
through unprotected sex.
The case originated in San Francisco
Superior Court, but moved to the bankruptcy court when Louie filed
his petition.
The judge found that Louie was liable for sexual
battery, because he lied about his HIV status, thus vitiating
consent to sex by his ex-lover.
The damages were to cover pain and
suffering for the six-month period from when the lover learned of
the exposure until he received a negative HIV test result.
_In re
Alan Louie_, No. 97-3044DDM (U.S. Bankruptcy Ct., N.D.Cal., Aug. 3,
1998).
_AIDS Policy & Law_, Sept. 18, 1998, at 1, 7.
The Illinois Public Health Department has reportedly abandoned its
intention to require names-reporting of persons testing HIV+ in
that state, and will instead adopt a unique identifiers reporting
scheme for a two-year trial period.
_Chicago Tribune_, Sept. 27.
* * * In California, the legislature passed a bill establishing a
unique identifiers system for reporting positive HIV tests to state
health authorities.
At press time, Gov. Wilson had not announced
whether he would sign it, let it become law without his signature,
or veto it.
_Los Angeles Times_, Aug. 29. Wilson is also pondering
a bill passed by the legislature on Aug. 19 that would make it a
felony to intentionally infect someone with HIV through unprotected
vaginal or anal intercourse, subject to a penalty of 3 to 8 years
in prison.
_AIDS Policy & Law_, Sept. 4, at 1.
Dennis and Paulette Haynes, an HIV+ Oregon couple, lost their
infant son to state custody on July 22, 1997, shortly after his
birth, when a doctor raised doubts that they would be capable of
providing adequate care for him.
The baby, who is also HIV+, has
been living in foster care, and the state is seeking termination of
parental rights preparatory to placing the boy for adoption.
The
Haynes's, who are both doing well on protease cocktails, are trying
to regain custody of their son, but Oregon state agency officials
argue that a permanent adoption would be in the child's best
interest, contending that the Haynes's lack parenting skills and
would not provide a "suitable and stable living situation."
The
Haynes are separated, but hope to get back together to raise their
son.
_Columbian_, Sept. 27. A.S.L.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Baker, James P., _Equal Benefits for Equal Work? The Law of
Domestic Partner Benefits_, 14 The Labor Lawyer 23 (Summer 1998).
Becker, Mary, _Women, Morality, and Sexual Orientation_, 8 UCLA
Women's L.J. 165 (Spring/Summer 1998).
Butler, Andrew, _Same-Sex Marriage and Freedom from Discrimination
in New Zealand_, Pub. L., Autumn 1998, 396.
Coolidge, David Orgon, _Playing the_ Loving_ Card: Same-Sex
Marriage and the Politics of Analogy_, 12 BYU J. Pub. L. 201 (1998)
(from anti-same-sex marriage symposium).
Coombs, Mary, _Sexual Dis-Orientation: Transgendered People and
Same-Sex Marriage_, 8 UCLA Women's L.J. 219 (Spring/Summer 1998).
DeCou, Kate, _U.S. Social Policy on Prostitution: Whose Welfare is
Served?_, 24 N. Eng. J. Crim. & Civ. Confinement 427 (Summer 1998).
Duncan, Richard F., _From_ Loving_ to _Romer_: Homosexual Marriage
and Moral Discernment_, 12 BYU J. Pub. L. 239 (1998) (from anti-
same-sex marriage symposium).
Durkin, Jennifer, _Queer Studies I: An Examination of the First
Eleven Studies of Sexual Orientation Bias by the Legal Profession_,
8 UCLA Women's L.J. 343 (Spring/Summer 1998).
Eekelaar, John, _Registered Same-Sex Partnerships and Marriages --
A Statistical Comparison_, 28 Fam. L. [U.K.] 561 (September 1998).
Fisk, Catherine L., _ERISA Preemption of State and Local Laws on
Domestic Partnership and Sexual Orientation Discrimination in
Employment_, 8 UCLA Women's L.J. 267 (Spring/Summer 1998).
Florescue, Leonard G., _Rights of Non-Biological Parents_, New York
Law Journal, September 14, 1998, p. 3 (argues for allowing
"psychological parents" to seek visitation/custody).
Kirby, Hon. Michael, _Homosexual Law Reform -- The Road of
Enlightenment_, 23 Commonwealth L. Bull. 565 (1997) (Text of speech
delivered to Sydney, Australia, Gay & Lesbian Business Association;
Justice Kirby sits on Australia's Supreme Court).
Kohm, Lynn Marie, _Liberty and Marriage --_ Baehr_ and Beyond: Due
Process in 1998_, 12 BYU J. Pub. L. 253 (1998) (from anti-same-sex
marriage symposium).
Mullender, Richard, _Privacy, Paedophilia and the European
Convention on Human Rights: A Deontological Approach_, Pub. L.,
Autumn 1998, 384.
O'Brien, Tim, _The Rehnquist Court: Holding Steady on Freedom of
Speech_, 22 Nova L. Rev. 711 (Spring 1998).
Rubenstein, William B., _Queer Studies II: Some Reflections on the
Study of Sexual Orientation Bias in the Legal Profession_, 8 UCLA
Women's L.J. 379 (Spring/Summer 1998).
Schultz, David, _Scalia on Democratic Decision Making and Long
Standing Traditions: How Rights Always Lose_, 31 Suffolk U. L. Rev.
319 (1997).
Sekulow, Jay Alan, and John Tuskey, _Sex and Sodomy and Apples and
Oranges -- Does the Constitution Require States to Grant a Right to
Do the Impossible_, 12 BYU J. Pub. L. 309 (1998) (from anti-same-
sex marriage symposium).
Spaht, Katherine Shaw, _Beyond_ Baehr_: Strengthening the
Definition of Marriage_, 12 BYU J. Pub. L. 277 (1998) (from anti-
same-sex marriage symposium).
Strasser, Mark, _Sodomy, Adultery, and Same-Sex Marriage: On Legal
Analysis and Fundamental Interests_, 8 UCLA Women's L.J. 313
(Spring/Summer 1998).
Sullivan, Kathleen M., _The Jurisprudence of the Rehnquist Court_,
22 Nova L. Rev. 741 (Spring 1998).
Zavez, Maryann, _Child Abuse Registries and Juveniles: An Overview
and Suggestions for Change in Legislative and Agency Direction_, 22
Seton Hall Legis. J. 405 (1998).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Barnes, Anita C., _The Sexual Continuum: Transsexual Prisoners_, 24
N. Eng. J. Crim. & Civ. Confinement 599 (Summer 1998).
Connor, Tim, _Community Discrimination Law: No Right to Equal
Treatment in Employment in Respect of Same Sex Partner_, 23
European L. Rev. 378 (Aug. 1998).
Cox, Jeffrey L. _Defining a New Medium of Communication Under the
First Amendment: The Supreme Court Tackles Speech on the Internet
in_ Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, 22 Nova L. Rev. 763
(Spring 1998).
Ewing, Landra, _When Going to School Becomes an Act of Courage:
Students Need Protection From Violence_, 36 Brandeis J. Fam. L. 627
(1997-98).
Gough, Allison Dawn, _The First Amendment Fails to Protect Lesbian
Love in the Eleventh Circuit:_ Shahar v. Bowers_, 114 F.3d 1097
(11th Cir. 1997)_, 23 U. Dayton L. Rev. 371 (Winter 1998).
Hilbig, Todd C., _Will New York Recognize Same-Sex Marriage?: An
Analysis of the Conflict-of-Laws' Public Policy Exception_, 12 BYU
J. Pub. L. 333 (1998) (from anti-same-sex marriage symposium).
Lewis, Kevin H., _Equal Protection in the Wake of_ Romer v. Evans_:
Implications for the Defense of Marriage Act and Other Laws_, 49
Hastings L.J. 175 (Nov. 1997).
Longmeyer, Philip M., _Look on the Bright Side: The Prospect of
Modifying or Terminating Maintenance Obligations Upon the
Homosexual Cohabitation of Your Former Spouse_, 36 Brandeis J. Fam.
L. 53 (1997-98).
Norvell, Louis, _Constitutional Law: Defining the Boundaries of
Protected Intimate Associations_, 50 Fla. L. Rev. 233 (Jan. 1998).
Peterson, James, _Behind the Curtain of Privacy: How Obscenity Law
Inhibits the Expression of Ideas About Sex and Gender_, 1998 Wis.
L. Rev. 625.
Putignano, Pat P., _Why DOMA and Not ENDA?: A Review of Recent
Federal Hostility to Expand Employment Rights and Protection Beyond
Traditional Notions_, 15 Hofstra Lab. & Emp. L.J. 177 (Fall 1997).
Recent Developments, _Congress Fumbles With the Internet:_ Reno v.
ACLU_, 117 S.Ct. 2329 (1997)_, 21 Harv. J. L. & Pub. Pol. 637
(Spring 1998).
Snodgrass, Gwendolyn L., _Creating Family Without Marriage: The
Advantages and Disadvantages of Adult Adoption Among Gay and
Lesbian Partners_, 36 Brandeis J. Fam. L. 75 (1997-98).
Toussaint, Sherri L., _Defense of Marriage Act: Isn't It Ironic. .
. Don't You Think? A Little Too Ironic?_, 76 Neb. L. Rev. 924
(1997).
_Specially Noted:_
Professor Ruthann Robson of CUNY Law School in New York City has
published _Sappho Goes to Law School: Lesbian Legal Theory_.
The
Columbia University Press publication was issued in August 1998.
ISBN 0-231-10561-4.
To order direct from the publisher, call 1-
800-944-8648.
An on-line check showed that this book is available
through various on-line bookstores.
Lisa Keen, legal columnist for The Washington Blade and winner of
an American Bar Association award for her reporting on Colorado
Amendment 2, and Suzanne Goldberg, a staff attorney at Lambda Legal
Defense & Education Fund, who participated in the Amendment 2
litigation, have collaborated on a book about the case, titled
_Strangers to the Law: Gay People on Trial_, which has just been
published by Michigan University Press.
Symposium, _Queer Matters: Emerging Issues in Sexual Orientation
Law_, 8 UCLA Women's L.J. No. 2 (Spring/Summer 1998)(individual
articles noted above).
Symposium, _Law and the Politics of Marriage: Loving v. Virginia
After Thirty Years_, 12 BYU J. Pub. L. NO. 2 (1998) (symposium on
the same-sex marriage controversy - as one might expect from
Brigham Young University, a Mormon school, this is an anti-same-sex
marriage symposium, with final comments from ultra-anti-gay
conservative lawyer Jay Sekulow - individual articles noted above).
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Collins, J. Peter, and Montgomery Lee Effinger, _Courts Face a
Tough Balancing Act in AIDS Misdiagnosis Claims_, N.Y.L.J., August
31, 1998, p.1.
De Groot, Anne S., _Setting the Standard for Care: HIV Risk
Exposures and Clinical Manifestations of HIV in Incarcerated
Massachusetts Women_, 24 N. Eng. J. Crim. & Civ. Confinement 353
(Summer 1998).
Gerish, Jeffrey, _Abandoning Congressional Intent: Modern-Day
Applications of the ADA_, 1997 Detroit Coll. L. at M.S.U. L. Rev.
805.
Lynch, Charles B., _The Americans With Disabilities Act and
Disability Benefit Plans_, 22 Seton Hall Legis. J. 561 (1998).
Merjian, Armen H., _AIDS, Welfare, and Title II of the Americans
With Disabilities Act_, 16 Yale L. & Policy Rev. 373 (1998).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Aldenberg, William B., _Bursting at the Seams: An Analysis of
Compassionate-Release Statutes and the Current Problem of HIV and
AIDS in U.S. Prisons and Jails_, 24 N. Eng. J. Crim. & Civ.
Confinement 541 (Summer 1998).
Barta, Peter A., _Lambskin Borders: An Argument for the Abolition
of the United States Exclusion of HIV-Positive Immigrants_, 12
Georgetown Imm. L. J. 323 (Winter 1998).
Fisk, Scott A., _The Last Best Place to Die: Physician-Assisted
Suicide and Montana's Constitutional Right to Personal Autonomy
Privacy_, 59 Montana L. Rev. 301 (Summer 1998).
Greenfield, Erika L., _Maintaining Employees' Privacy of HIV and
AIDS Information in the Workplace_, 15 Hofstra Lab. & Emp. L.J. 277
(Fall 1997).
Grill, Matthew Warren, _Recovery for Emotional Distress Due to Fear
of AIDS: Exposing AIDSPhobia in Alabama_, 49 Alabama L. Rev. 1009
(Spring 1998).
Mitchell, Kelly Lyn, _Physician-Assisted Suicide: A Survey of the
Issues Surrounding Legalization_, 74 N. Dak. L. Rev. 341 (1998).
Storch, Natalie Palmer Jones, _The Standard of Employer Liability
Under the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990_, 66 U. Cin. L.
Rev. 931 (Spring 1998).
Testa, Nicole, _Sentenced to Life? An Analysis of the United States
Supreme Court's Decision in_ Washington v. Glucksberg, 22 Nova L.
Rev. 821 (Spring 1998).
Vande Walle, John M., _In the Eye of the Beholder: Issues of
Distributive and Corrective Justice in the ADA's Employment
Protection for Persons Regarded as Disabled_, 73 Chicago-Kent L.
Rev. 897 (1998).
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those
of identified writers, and are not official positions of the
Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL
Foundation, Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are
attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues
covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is welcome and will be published
subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to the Editor or
send via e-mail.