https://www.alaskacasa.org/how-to-help/volunteer.html
Skip to main content
Volunteer
How To Help
Become A CASA Volunteer
Join Our Mailing List
You can speak up for a child who's been abused or neglected.
Become a CASA volunteer.Imagine the experience of children who are removed from their homes because the people responsible for protecting them have not. These children find themselves in a world filled with social workers, lawyers, judges and courtrooms where life-altering decisions are made on their behalf.
A CASA volunteer is a court appointed, trained and committed adult who ensures that each child’s individual needs remain a priority in an over-burdened child welfare system. They get to know the child while also gathering information from the child’s family, teachers, doctors, caregivers and anyone else involved in the child’s life in order to make independent and informed recommendations to help the judge decide what’s best for the child.
TrainingWe will provide you with all the training and support you need to serve as an effective advocate. CASA training consists of 30+ hours of classes (some work is completed online) and courtroom observation. Training topics include: Understanding Children; The Law, the Child Protection System & the Courts; Cultural Competence; Domestic Violence & Family Strengths; Poverty & Substance Abuse; Mental Health Issues; Communication and more.
As a CASA volunteer, you will:Spend quality time with your CASA child or children. CASA volunteers are asked to see their assigned children twice per month.
You can take your child(ren) to fun activities. Check with your local coordinator to see what passes are available.
Stay in touch with family, caregivers, teachers, therapists and other important adults in your CASA child’s life.
Participate in case meetings and review case documents.
Determine what is in the best interest of the children and present your information and opinions to the judge in court.
Who can volunteer?CASA volunteers come from every walk of life and share a commitment to improving children’s lives, a willingness to learn and an open mind towards life experiences different from their own. No special education, experience or background is needed.
Being a CASA volunteer is not for everyone. If you have doubts about whether CASA is a good fit for you for any reason please discuss these doubts with the local program coordinator. We want CASA to a great match for you and the children you are assigned.
We will want you to take a case shortly after the training so please make sure you can make the time commitment.
You must be at least 21 years old and pass  an extensive screening process that includes a personal interview, references Child Protective Services, sex offender registry and criminal background checks before becoming a CASA volunteer.
I'm ready to volunteer... What’s next?Information Meeting
Attend an information meeting, where you will have an opportunity to hear program staff describe the role and responsibilities of a CASA volunteer in detail and get all your questions answered.
Application Process
If volunteering for CASA is a commitment you are ready to make, you will be asked to participate in a comprehensive screening and training process. Please note, the screening process for volunteers is structured to ensure the proper fit for both the volunteer and the child. Screening is ongoing throughout training and the process includes:
A written application
A personal interview with our staff
A signed training agreement release authorizing criminal, child protection and DMV background checks
Successful completion of our 30+-hour comprehensive training course
Download, complete and submit your Volunteer Application via mail or email.
The application is a PDF form that can be typed into and saved on your computer or printed and filled out by hand.
If typing, please save this PDF to your computer before completing the form. Your data will not save if the form is open inside your internet browser.
Once we receive your application we will contact you to schedule an Interview.
Download an application
If you are viewing this website but do not live in Alaska, or you know someone outside Alaska who may be a good fit for the CASA program, you can use the search feature on the National CASA Association website to locate CASA programs around the country.
BECOME A CASA ADVOCATEThere are a number of ways to become involved in our organization. A CASA volunteer is a trained community volunteer who is appointed by a juvenile court judge to speak for an abused or neglected child’s best interests. Volunteers are required to complete 30 hours of pre-service training, submit to screening and background checks and they must be 21 years of age or older.
Click here to download the Application.
Office of Public Advocacy
Close