http://www.zieglers.com/terms/
Due to logistical challenges orders may not ship until the next business day. Click Here for Carrier Delay Info and Christmas Shipping Deadlines
Home
Terms
Thank you for visiting Zieglers.com!
Terms of Service
F.C. Ziegler Co. - Catholic Art & Gifts "www.zieglers.com" owns and operate this Website.  This document governs your relationship with "www.zieglers.com". Access to and use of this Website and the products and services available through this Website (collectively, the "Services") are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the "Terms of Service"). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to Zieglers.com, to understand our practices.
Pricing
We strive to make sure our prices are current and up to date, but from time to time a small number of our items may be priced incorrectly. Should there be a discrepancy with a current price and what is shown, we will at our discretion  contact you for instructions before shipping or hold the goods until we hear anything else from you.
Product Descriptions & Images
The F.C. Ziegler Co. does attempt to be as accurate as possible in regards to product descriptions & images. However, this does not warrant that product descriptions & images or other content on this site is accurate, reliable, current, or error free. If a product received does not match it's description your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. The process for returns will be followed when notified of the discrepancy.
Changes to this privacy policy
F.C. Ziegler Company - Catholic Art & Gifts has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:F.C. Ziegler Company - Catholic Art & Giftswww.zieglers.com2111 E 11th St. Tulsa, OK 741041-800-331-4117sales@zieglers.com
×
Subscribe to our mailing list
Email:
Subscribe to our mailing list
Email:
Newsletter Signup
Keep Up-To-Date With Private Sales & Exclusive Offers!
Home Inspirational
Church Supplies