https://www.pittsburghfoodbank.org/get-help/faqs/
Donate Now
About Us
Our Commitments
History
Facility
Network
Staff and Board
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Pressroom
COVID-19
What We Do
How We Work
Food For Kids
Food For Partners
Food to People
Resources to People
The Impact
About Hunger
Impact Stats
Hunger in SWPA
Healthy Eating
Map the Meal Gap
Stories of Change
Get Involved
Volunteer
Corporate Engagement
Community Partners
Community Events
Request a Distribution
Donate Food
Host a Food/Fund Drive
Advocate
Ways to Give
Donate
Donate Monthly
Give Food
Donor Advised Funds
Wills and Trusts
Other Ways
Get Help
Reservations For Food Distribution Events
Blog
Careers
Privacy Policy
Civil Rights Policy
FAQs
Tools For Our Partners
Contact Us
FAQs
Home > Get Help > FAQs
Q: Who qualifies for food assistance?
A: Our food pantries typically serve individuals and families earning less than 150 percent of the federal poverty line. Call our Get Help line at 412-460-3663, ext. 456, to find out if you qualify.
Q: Can I go to more than one food pantry?
A: No. Although there may be more than one option in your neighborhood, we ask that you choose one food pantry to attend for as long as you need it. This allows our food pantries to serve as many people as possible.
Q: What is the difference between a food pantry and Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank?
A: The Food Bank has a large warehouse facility where we receive and store products that are then made available for our member agencies to take back to their locations and distribute. Food pantries either pick up products from the Food Bank or have them delivered. The food pantries distribute the products to families needing food.
Q: What is the difference between a food pantry and an emergency pantry?
A: Food pantries provide regular service to individuals and families within their service area (on a weekly, biweekly or monthly basis). Families must visit the pantry on the specific date the pantry is open. Emergency food pantries may be open all day and can offer enough food to help a family get by until their next pantry day.
Q: What documents to I need to bring to get food from a pantry?
A: We recommend that you bring proof of residency, proof of income and a valid photo I.D., but all families should be served on their first visit even without documentation. You should always call the pantry before your visit to find out what documents you need to bring.
Q: I already go to a food pantry. Can I also go to Produce to People?
A: Yes! We recommend that all pantry users take advantage of our Produce to People program. You are permitted to attend as many Produce to People distributions per month as you would like in addition to visiting one local food pantry.
Q: I can’t make it to my pantry distribution. What can I do to get food if I can’t physically get there? Do pantries deliver?
A: The majority of food pantries are not able to provide delivery services, but will allow another person to pick up your food for you. Talk to the coordinator at your pantry, and they will give you a proxy form to fill out. If you are disabled or over the age of 60, there are meal delivery programs called Meals on Wheels that will bring hot and cold meals directly to your home.
Q: How much food will I get from the pantry?
A: The amount of food given out at a pantry depends on that agency’s resources and choices. Food pantries are designed to be supplemental, and most of our pantries strive to provide families with at least three to five days of food.
Q: I have a relative living with me. Can we both get food from the pantry?
A: Food pantries provide food assistance based on household size. If you live in the same house or apartment, you are counted in the same household and would receive one food order for your household—not two orders.
Q: I have a friend who goes to a different food pantry and gets more food and better quality food. Why can’t I go there too?
A: All of our member agencies have a specific service area to ensure they have the capacity to serve the families in their neighborhood or surrounding neighborhood. Pantry users get food from one pantry that serves the community they live in.
Q: I have a complaint…who do I talk to?
A: We recommend first contacting the coordinator at your pantry. If you require further assistance, you may contact a member of our Network Development team here at the Food Bank by calling 412-460-3663.
Q: I have special dietary restrictions. Can you help?
A: Most of our pantries do their best to help clients that have special dietary needs/restrictions, but unfortunately not all have the capacity to make those types of accommodations. Additionally, much of the food distributed through our food pantries is donated, so particular food items needed for a particular diet may not be available. We have food pantries in our network that make a point to collect and distribute gluten-free food. Call our Get Help hotline at 412-460-3663, ext. 456 to learn more.
Q: What is the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and how do I apply?
A: SNAP is a federal program whose recipients are allotted a specific dollar amount loaded onto a debit card for food purchases. SNAP’s income guidelines are different than our food pantry income guidelines. If you would like to apply for benefits, click here to connect with one of our SNAP Outreach Coordinators!
Your Gift of $115 can provide 60 meals
$50
$100
$200
$500
$
Donate Now
Join Our Community
Subscribe to get the latest news from Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank.
Name
First
Last
Email*
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
Pressroom
Contact Us
Careers
Partner Login