http://www.holytrinitynorwood.org/privacy.aspx
Home
Website Map
Prayer Request Form
Site Login
Parish Information
Baptism Faq's
Frequently Asked Questions
Funerals
History of Holy Trinity Parish
Staff
Wedding FAQ's
Ministries
Full List of Ministries & Organizations
Music Ministry
News & Events
Parish Festival
Bulletins
Fr. Ed Haskamp - Chalice For Vocations
Holy Trinity Calendar
Resources
Bulletins
Faith Based Links for Kids
Flyers & Downloadable Documents
GoodSearch
Links
Domestic Church
Wedding Policy
Minister's Schedules
Resources
GIVING
You are here:
Home
Privacy Statement
Holy Trinity Church is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Holy Trinity Church site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Holy Trinity Church site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Holy Trinity Church collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Holy Trinity Church also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Holy Trinity Church. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by Holy Trinity Church for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Holy Trinity Church site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Holy Trinity Church public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Holy Trinity Church
does not read any of your private online communications.
Holy Trinity Church encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Holy Trinity Church so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Holy Trinity Church is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Holy Trinity Church
and Holy Trinity Church family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Holy Trinity Church collects and uses your personal information to operate the Holy Trinity Church
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Holy Trinity Church also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Holy Trinity Church and its affiliates. Holy Trinity Church may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Holy Trinity Church does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Holy Trinity Church may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Holy Trinity Church
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Holy Trinity Church, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Holy Trinity Church does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Holy Trinity Church keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Holy Trinity Church, in order to determine what Holy Trinity Church services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Holy Trinity Church to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Holy Trinity Church Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Holy Trinity Church or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Holy Trinity Church; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Holy Trinity Church, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Holy Trinity Church Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Holy Trinity Church pages, or
register with Holy Trinity Church site or services, a cookie helps Holy Trinity Church
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Holy Trinity Church Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Holy Trinity Church
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Holy Trinity Church services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Holy Trinity Church secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Holy Trinity Church secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Holy Trinity Church will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Holy Trinity Church encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Holy Trinity Church is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Holy Trinity Church welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Holy Trinity Church has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Holy Trinity Church at markb@letItShine.biz.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.