https://www.paulsonandnace.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.paulsonandnace.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. This privacy policy is subject to change at any time without prior notice. All changes and updates will be posted to this page.
Collection and sharing of information
Paulson & Nace, PLLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may place you on an email list in order to tell you about current case investigations, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt out of future communications or change/update your information by contacting us online or calling our office at 202-463-1999.
Security
Paulson & Nace, PLLC takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We will never ask you to submit sensitive information, such as credit card data, online.  Any information you send to us online will be stored behind certain security protocols such as firewalls and password protections.
We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact Paulson & Nace, PLLC immediately via telephone at 202-463-1999 or by contacting us online.
Verdicts & Settlements
Hamilton v. Kaiser Permanente
$530,000 verdict for birth injury.
Kasdin v. GWU & GWU Health Plan
$1.5 million verdict for loss of kidney due to malpractice.
Gerver v. Benavides, M.D.
$2 million verdict for medical malpractice.
Cappadona v. Nimetz
$2.5 million verdict for medical malpractice.  While the defendant appealed, the verdict was affirmed by the D.C. appellate court, which...
Beach v. Ross
$2.75 million verdict for child with cerebral palsy. We collected all funds owed to our client despite the doctor leaving...
Areas of PracticeMedical Malpractice
Personal Injury
Birth Injuries
Drug Liability
Product Liability
Wrongful Death
Motor Vehicle Accidents
The News RoomThe Considerable Impact of Birth Injuries on Your FamilyDecember 9th, 2020Six of the Worst Medical Device Recalls of 2020December 2nd, 2020
Contact Law Firm
Free, No-Obligation Case Review:
**
*****Briefly describe your legal issue**How do you prefer we contact you?*PhoneEmailPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.