http://www.foleyhoag.com/terms-of-use
Bio Folder (0)
Save attorney bios to the Bio Folder to email page links or generate a PDF containing all of your saved pages.
Print
Text Size
A
Terms of Use
Communications Policy
While we are happy to have you contact us by telephone, surface mail, electronic mail or facsimile transmission, merely communicating with Foley Hoag LLP or a Foley Hoag lawyer does not create a lawyer-client relationship unless and until an agreement has been reached between you and the firm to handle a particular matter. Please do not convey to us any information you regard as confidential until a formal lawyer-client relationship has been established. Any information we receive from you prior to the formal establishment of such a relationship will not be confidential.
Foley Hoag LLP is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Foley Hoag LLP collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Our Web site (foleyhoag.com) offers several opportunities for visitors to register for informational update and alert mailings, events, and for assistance in using our online resources. These registration and sign-up forms are often linked to the Foley Hoag LLP mailing list and require users to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this contact information to send users information about our Firm and their selected areas of interest when requested or necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time.
Terms of Use Statement
Please read this Terms of Use Statement carefully. By making use of this Site, you indicate your acceptance of the terms stated below. If you do not accept these terms, do not use this Site.
Unless you are already a client of the firm, nothing you send to us via our Web site or e-mail will create a lawyer-client relationship with us, nor will it be treated as confidential. Any message to us should not assume that we will be able to provide you with legal representation and should not contain any information about a subject of possible representation or other confidential information.
This Web site and the materials that it contains have been prepared by Foley Hoag LLP for informational purposes only. This Web site is intended to provide general information about Foley Hoag LLP and not to provide legal advice. We cannot warrant that any materials or information on or obtained from this Web site are current or applicable to your circumstance.
Your use of this Web site or materials or information on or obtained from it does not create a lawyer-client relationship between you and Foley Hoag LLP. You should not take or refrain from taking any action based on materials or information on or obtained from this Web site without obtaining legal advice tailored to your circumstance from a lawyer licensed in your jurisdiction.
This Site is not intended to constitute advertising under applicable laws and ethical rules. The Firm does not solicit anyone to seek representation based upon viewing this Site.
Access to the Site
The Firm may alter, suspend, or discontinue this Site at any time for any reason, without notice or cost. The Site may become unavailable due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment or other reasons.
Copyright & Trademarks
This Site and all the information it contains, or may in the future contain, including, but not limited to, articles, memoranda, bulletins, reports, press releases, opinions, text, directories, guides, photographs, illustrations, trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos (collectively, the "Content"), is the property of the Firm and is protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by U.S. Copyright law, trademark law, international conventions, and other intellectual property laws. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use this Site or any Content displayed on this Site, through the use of framing or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the Firm or such third party that may own the trademark or copyright of material displayed on this Site.
Subject to your full compliance with these terms, the Firm authorizes you to view the Content, make a single copy of it, and print that copy, but only for your own lawful, personal, noncommercial use, provided that you maintain all copyright, trademark and other intellectual property notices contained in such Content, and provided that the Content, or any part thereof, is not modified.
All names, logos and trademarks owned by or licensed to Foley Hoag LLP and are set off from surrounding text, and are referred to with a ™ or ® symbol or appear in italics or all capital letters. All other trademarks displayed on the Web site are trade marks of their respective owners. All other trademarks displayed on the Web site are trade marks of their respective owners. Such third party trademarks are used only to identify the products and services of their respective owners, and no sponsorship or endorsement on the part of Foley Hoag LLP should be inferred from the use of these trademarks. Nothing contained in the Web site should be construed as granting any license or right of use of any trademark displayed on the Web site without the express written permission of Foley Hoag LLP or the third party owner.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You acknowledge and agree that this site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. None of Foley Hoag, its affiliates, subsidiaries or its or their officers, directors, employees or agents (collectively the “Foley Hoag Parties”) guarantees the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, suitability or usefulness of any portion of the site, that this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that any specific information that is requested will be provided or that this site or its server are or will be free of computer viruses or other harmful elements. You expressly agree that the entire risk as to the quality and performance of this site and the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the content or services is assumed solely by you. None of the Foley Hoag Parties makes any, and hereby specifically disclaims any and all, representations, endorsements, guarantees, and warranties, express or implied, regarding this site, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement of third-party rights.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will any of the Foley Hoag Parties be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through this site. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this site. In no event shall any of the Foley Hoag Parties be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or relating to the site or this agreement, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for negligence, consequential, incidental or other damages, in such jurisdictions the Foley Hoag Parties’ liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with this site is to stop using this site.
Response to Online Requests
From time to time, Foley Hoag LLP may offer to provide information or materials via electronic mail or otherwise to interested persons. Foley Hoag LLP reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to reject any requests for such information or materials, or to discontinue the provision of such information or materials to any person, for any reason whatsoever.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to non-Firm sites. These links are provided to you only as a convenience. Such linked sites are not under the control of the Firm and the Firm is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, or any link contained in a linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Firm of the site, and the Firm shall have no responsibility for information which is referenced by or linked to this site.
Privacy Statement
Because our Site permits individuals to submit electronic mail, we have developed this Privacy Statement to inform Site visitors of our policies and practices regarding such information. At some places on the Site, the use of a "cookie" may be offered. "Cookies" are used on the Firm Site to facilitate use of an area of the Site. We do not use "cookies" to collect and distribute information to third parties for marketing purposes. For the firm's full privacy statement, please click here.
Electronic Correspondence to the Firm and Affiliated Servers
While we are happy to have you contact us by telephone, surface mail, electronic mail or facsimile transmission, merely communicating with Foley Hoag LLP or a Foley Hoag lawyer does not create a lawyer-client relationship unless and until an agreement has been reached between you and the firm to handle a particular matter. Please do not convey to us any information you regard as confidential until a formal lawyer-client relationship has been established. Any information you convey to Foley Hoag LLP via the Internet may not be secure, and information conveyed prior to establishing a lawyer-client relationship may not be privileged or confidential.
Enforcement of Terms and Conditions
Indemnification
You agree to make Foley Hoag whole for any and all claims, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from your use of the Site or any violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous
In the event that any portion of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the such portion shall be construed in accordance with the applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The sections of this Agreement entitled Intellectual Property Rights, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification, Miscellaneous shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Foley Hoag reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of this Site or the Content at any time without prior notice or liability. The paragraph headings herein are provided only for reference and shall have no effect on the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. You expressly absolve and release the Foley Hoag Parties from any claim of harm resulting from a cause beyond their control, including, but not limited to, failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes, or natural disasters, strikes or other labor problems, wars, terrorist activities or governmental restrictions. You may not assign this Agreement. No waiver shall be effective unless in writing. Neither the course or conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, except with regard to its conflicts or choice of law rules. You shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations which are now or hereinafter promulgated by any government authority or agency which govern or apply to the operation and use of the Site. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export control laws of the United States. You are prohibited from any use of the Site that would constitute an illegal offense, give rise to liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Foley Hoag. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties concerning your use of this Site and supersedes all existing agreements and all other oral, written or other communication between the parties concerning its subject matter.
Foley Hoag® is a registered trademark of Foley Hoag LLP.
Biography Folder
Use the folder to collect pages throughout our website. After selecting your pages, email the page links or generate a PDF containing all of your pages with the helpful options below.
Page:
Office:
Remove all
Email This List
Make a PDF of This List
Successfully sent an email.
Send
Email Disclaimer
Transmitting information to us by e-mail unilaterally does not establish an attorney-client relationship or impose an obligation on either the law firm or even the receiving lawyer to keep the transmitted information confidential. By clicking "OK," you acknowledge that we have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information you submit to us unless we already represent you or unless we have agreed to receive limited confidential material/information from you as a prospective client. Thus, if you are not a client or someone we have agreed to consider as a prospective client, information you submit to us by e-mail may be disclosed to others or used against you.
If you would like to discuss becoming a client, please contact one of our attorneys to arrange for a meeting or telephone conference. If you wish to disclose confidential information to a lawyer in the firm before an attorney-client relationship is established, the protections that the law firm will provide to such information from a prospective client should be discussed before such information is submitted. Thank you for your interest in Foley Hoag.