https://www.gayrealestate.com/privacy-policy.html
TOLL FREE 1.888.420.MOVE(6683)
Home
About Us
Find a Gay Realtor
Free Relocation Kit
Resources
Blog
News
For Agents
Home
About Us
Find a Gay Realtor
Free Relocation Kit
Resources
Blog
News
For Agents
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us and your information is protected at Gay Real Estate.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your Information is Protected at Gay Real Estate
At GayRealEstate.com, your privacy is very important to us. The purpose of this privacy policy is to provide you with a description of the types of information we collect about you when you visit our sites and how we use that information. By visiting or using GayRealEstate.com, you agree to the provisions of this privacy policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site.
This policy only applies to information collected while you are on our Site pages. These pages may contain links to other websites, including sites of third parties who have a relationship with GayRealEstate.com. These third party sites may include sites of service providers who are permitted to display a GayRealEstate.com logo pursuant to a co-branding agreement. Please be aware that when you click on a link that takes you to another Web site, any information you provide, including financial information, is subject to the privacy policy of that site. GayRealEstate.com does not control and is not responsible for the practices of such sites.
The Real Estate Agents listed at this site pay a fee to be involved, we do not investigate the agents or any claims made, nor are we recommending any specific agent or service. We highly recommend before you hire any profession or company to perform any services, you check with the Better Business Bureau and state licensing authority for feedback and or comments from previous clients.
Information We Collect
We collect and store information that you voluntarily provide to us as well as data related to your Site visit and usage.
We collect personally identifiable information (including, but not limited to, name, e-mail address, address and phone number) that is voluntarily provided to us by you. For example, you voluntarily provide personally identifiable information when you send us an email, use certain features of the Site such as “Buy a Home”, “Sell a Home”, “Free Relocation Guide”, "Contact Us", etcetera, or register with our site or use our services.
In addition, during your visit we automatically collect certain aggregate information related to your website visit. Aggregate information is non-personally identifiable or anonymous information about you, including the date and time of your visit, your IP address, your computer browser information, the Internet address that you visited prior to and after reaching our site, the name of the domain and host you used to access the Internet, and the features of our Site which you accessed.
Use of Cookies
“Cookies” are simple text files stored on your computer for use by a browser. Certain Site features may only be available through the placement of a cookie. We may use “cookies” to assist in data collection and to track visitor Site usage and trends to help us better serve you. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet Web sites; most Internet browsers permit a user to accept, decline or delete cookies. This Web site works with a first party cookie that collects anonymous traffic data at this Website.
How We Use Information
We use collected information to make available and to improve our high standard of reliable services. We use such information to respond to inquiries or service requests and monitor such responses; to provide information about and market our products or services, or those of our real estate agents, real estate companies and affiliates; to resolve problems; and to manage our Site and assess its usage.
Disclosure of Information
We do not sell or rent personally identifiable information to third parties who are not affiliates of GayRealEstate.com. We may disclose personally identifiable information to appropriate affiliates of GayRealEstate.com, including strategic alliance affiliates, to respond to a request for service or to provide information about available products or services, and to third party service providers. We may share aggregate information with certain third parties such as advertisers, national industry organizations, and prospective affiliates. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose aggregate information and personally identifiable information to third parties as required or permitted by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed toward children, and we do not knowingly collect information from children.
Effective Date: Policy Changes
This privacy policy is effective as of May 1, 2009. Each time you use this website, the current version of the policy will apply. We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time without prior notice.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL HAMMERBERG & ASSOCIATES, INC. (Parent Company) and or GayRealEstate.com, OR ITS GROUP OF COMPANIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF HAMMERBERG & ASSOCIATES, INC. AND OR GayRealEstate.com HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Governing Law
This policy is governed by the laws of the state of California without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law.
Additional Privacy Policy Questions? Contact Us