https://www.food-finders.org/privacy-policy/
765.471.0062
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Agency Login
Volunteer Login
News
Financials & Reports
Subscribe
News
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY AND SECURITY
Food Finders Food Bank Inc. (“the Food Bank”) is committed to protecting the privacy and the security of your personal information. This privacy policy describes the kind of information we collect from you, how that information is used, and what kind of security measures we employ on our website. We will not sell or rent the information you provide to us in any way that has not been specified in our privacy policy. If you have questions regarding this privacy policy or the Food Bank’s information practices, please e-mail us at info@food-finders.org.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
The Food Bank requests information from you at various points on our website. You are under no obligation to enter any information on our website, however, in order to participate in some of the services we offer at the Food Bank, such information collection is necessary. Below is a brief summary of the information we typically collect from you and how it is used. Because we constantly strive to bring new and better services to the community, the list below may not reflect all of the most current service offerings for which information is collected. We’ll do our best to update this policy as we provide new services, so please check back often.
Volunteers: When you become a volunteer for the Food Bank, we ask you to provide certain personal information, such as name, email address, phone number and mailing address. We use this information to populate our volunteer database and to connect you with volunteer and food bank activities.
Donations: When you give a financial donation to the Food Bank, we ask that you provide us with your name, telephone number, mailing address, e-mail address and credit card information. We use a secure third party to process your donation.
eNewsletter: When you subscribe to receive one of our eNewsletters, we ask you for your name and e-mail address. We use this information to send eNewsletters to interested parties.
Surveys and Sign-Up Forms: We occasionally invite people to participate in a survey or to sign-up for certain activities and events. More information regarding these forms can be found on the forms themselves.
INFORMATION SHARING
The Food Bank does not sell or rent donor names and addresses with any third parties for any reason other than if compelled by a legal action. This pertains to any donor information collected both online and offline. The Food Bank occasionally shares donor names with Feeding America for the purpose of suppressing the Food Bank’s donors from Feeding America mailings.
Although unlikely, the Food Bank may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personal information about our users. We will provide this information, to the extent technically possible, upon request and receipt of the appropriate documentation. Disclosure may also occur if we consider it necessary to protect our legal rights, or if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct.
Should you wish to remove your name from a list of donor names (as in an annual report) or restrict the sharing of your information, please contact the Development Department at 765.471.0062.
ACCESS AND THE ABILITY TO CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION
The Food Bank stores the information you provide when registering on our site and for our various services in databases. If your information changes (such as your e-mail address or zip code), or if you no longer desire to receive our newsletters, please contact mailto:info@food-finders.org to change your information.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
The Food Bank does not intend to collect, maintain, store or use personal information about children under the age of 16.
UNSUBSCRIBING FROM OUR MAILING LIST
In order that all of our supporters stay informed about the Food Bank, we send updates on our activities and events, including our eNewsletter. If you are receiving electronic communications from the Food Bank and you decide at any time that you no longer wish to hear from us, you can use the “unsubscribe” link provided in each email to remove yourself from our mailing list or send a request to be removed to info@food-finders.org.
COOKIES AND COMPUTER INFORMATION
We collect the following information about your computer configuration: browser type, operating system, IP address, and the URL of the web page you were on just prior to visiting the Food Bank’s website. We use this information to analyze usage trends, administer the site, and track our users’ movements across our site for aggregate use. This information will not reveal, nor is it associated with your personal identity.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post a notice of those changes on the privacy policy section of our web site so that you will always have notice of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner incompatible with the stated purposes at the time it was collected, we will post a prominent notification of the change in policy on our web site.
SECURITY
For online donation processing, the Food Bank uses secure data networks protected by industry standard firewalls and password protection systems. Only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our donors. Any other particularly sensitive information, such as a donor’s credit card number collected for a commerce transaction, is also encrypted prior to transmission. Although the Food Bank operates secure data networks, no Internet transmission can be guaranteed 100% secure. While we do everything we can to protect your data, you use this site and its services at your own risk.
X