http://www.artketubah.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us
888-843-3323
Store Locator
Order a Sample
Buying Guide
Sign Up for eNews
Home
About
Meet Nishima
Inspiration
Testimonials
Ketubah Awards and Accolades
View Ketubahs
Buy KetubahsAll Ketubahs
Read Texts
Extras
Quotes for Ketubahs & Blessing Art
Handmade
FAQs
Hebrew Art
Blog
Privacy Policy
ArtKetubah.com, Inc. holds the privacy and security of our site visitors in the highest regard. The following information explains the type of information gathered on our sites and how that information is used.
What’s collected and what’s not? You can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. While IP addresses (the Internet address of a computer) are logged to track a user’s session, the user remains anonymous. Tracking IP addresses gives us an idea of the areas on our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. Again, this means that a user’s session is tracked, but the user is anonymous. The user’s browser also lets us know the type of computer and operating system being used. E-mail addresses are gathered from only those who have purchased products from us and those who sign up for one or more of our mailing lists.
How is e-mail information used? E-mail addresses are used to send you information that you requested or to confirm orders only. We NEVER sell, rent, or loan our e-mail lists to outside firms.
How do I remove my name from mailing lists to which I previously subscribed? Just email us at artketubah@gmail.com and request that we remove you from our mailing list.
Is supplied credit card information retained? We retain this information for a period of time to allow for the possibility of a credit being posted to your credit card for a product being returned.
What about phone and fax numbers? We request a phone and/or fax number on order forms in case we need to contact you about your order. However, this information is entered into our personal customer database only. We NEVER sell, rent, or loan our list of customer fax or phone numbers, nor any other information about customers.
Buying Guide
Don’t know where to begin? Follow this easy buying guide to create a ketubah you will love...Learn More »
Ketubah Gallery
View our ketubah gallery and scroll through to find the perfect ketubah that represents you and your special occasion...Learn More »
Handmade Ketubahs
For something truly one of a kind, we offer custom, handmade ketubahs crafted by Nishima after a consultation with you...Learn More »
Ketubah Extras
Want to add a significant quote to your ketubah? Rush Delivery? We offer many extra products and services...Learn More »
p: 888-843-3323
f:877-801-4066
artketubah@gmail.com
Contact Us
Terms
Privacy
© 2013 Copyright www.ArtKetubah.com
Built by Public Alliance