http://www.forumfed.org/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
francais
Privacy Statement
The Forum of Federations values the trust of those it represents and is committed to protecting the privacy of its employees, volunteers, partners, stakeholders and all who entrust it with personal information.
Defining Personal Information
Personal information is defined under Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act as any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual but does not include business contact information or publicly available information. Where home contact information is used as business contact information The Forum of Federations considers the information provided as business contact information that is not subject to protection under the Act. The Forum of Federations does not sell, rent or trade personal or business contact information.
Privacy Practices
Personal information gathered by the Forum of Federations is kept in confidence. Our staff are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reasons for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place and continue to be enhanced to ensure that information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure that the integrity of this information is maintained.
We collect, use and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in light of the circumstances. We routinely offer individuals we deal with the opportunity to opt not to have their information shared for purposes beyond those for which it was explicitly collected.
The personal information collected is protected with appropriate physical, organizational and electronic safeguards to prevent its unauthorized use and will be retained only for as long as needed to achieve the purposes stated above.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Like other organizations, the Forum of Federations does hire external companies to provide certain administrative services that require access to employee, member and stakeholder information. These services include payroll/benefit suppliers, credit card payment processing and external auditors.
The Forum of Federations may make personal information available to others or to appropriate authorities without permission if the information is used to take action during an emergency that threatens the life, health or security of an individual, or if it has reasonable grounds for believing that, by doing so, it is helping in the investigation or prevention of a breach of the laws or security of Canada or a Province. Information no longer required will be destroyed or erased.
Personal information collected, used or disclosed via the web site of the Forum of Federations
The Forum of Federations does not automatically gather any personal information about you while you are visiting our site. We do not collect your name, address, phone number or e-mail address. The only information collected by us is what you voluntarily supply yourself when you contact us by e-mail, when you sign-up for our notification service, or if you send us your résumé.
We do not use cookies or other web tracking software to monitor users on our site but we do use software that receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of computers that have connected with our web site. However, we do not use these addresses to identify individuals visiting the site. This information is used, in aggregate form, to provide statistical measures about usage of the site.
The web sites of the Forum of Federations may contain links to other web sites owned and operated by third parties. While we attempt to ensure that these organizations adhere to similar privacy policies, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites. It is highly recommended that you review the privacy policies of other sites prior to providing any personal information on those sites.
Updating Personal Information
The Forum of Federations makes every reasonable effort to keep information accurate and up-to-date. Questions, concerns, updates to the information such as address changes, legal name changes or corrections can be forwarded to the Forum of Federations Privacy Officer.
Upon application to the Privacy Officer individuals may access their personal information held by the Forum of Federations unless the information contains references to other individuals or cannot be disclosed for legal or security reasons. The Forum of Federations commits to promptly correcting any inaccuracies.
The Forum of Federations’s Privacy Officer is responsible for monitoring information collected, data security, staff training, privacy inquiries, personal information access and responding to complaints. Complaints should be made in writing to the Privacy Officer who will immediately acknowledge receipt and will respond to the complaint within 30 days. Unresolved complaints may be taken to the federal Privacy Commissioner.
How to contact us
The Forum of Federations Privacy Officer
411-75 Albert Street
Ottawa, Ontario K1P 5E7
Canada
Tel.: +1 613-244-3360
Fax : +1 613-244-3372
Email: forum@forumfed.org
© 2020 Forum of Federations. All rights reserved.
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Publishing Policy
The De/Centralisation Dataset
CANEOM
Support the Forum