https://www.grey2kusa.org/privacy/
DONATE
Toggle navigation Menu
About Dog Racing
Humane Issues
U.S. States
Worldwide
Quotes
Headlines
Reports & Fact Sheets
Dying Industry
State Rulings
History
Take Action
Get Started
Sign Petitions
Action Alerts
Public Outreach
Hold a Rally
Adopt
Who We Are
Mission & Strategy
Our Victories
Events
Board
Office
Finances
Testimonials
Contact
Shop
Our Store
Partner Specials
Greyhound VISA
Give
Donate Now
Monthly Giving
Honorary Gift
Planned Giving
Help End Dog Racing
DONATE
Privacy Policy
GREY2K USA Worldwide Privacy Policy
GREY2K USA Worldwide is committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information private. You can visit the GREY2K USA Worldwide website without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself. However, because our website includes areas in which visitors can provide personally identifying information, we have developed this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and practices regarding information we collect about you.
This Privacy Policy governs the URL http://www.grey2kusa.org and certain electronic communications sent out by GREY2K USA Worldwide. This website is owned and operated by GREY2K USA Worldwide for the benefit of its members and other visitors interested in the protection of greyhounds. Our headquarters is located at 7 Central Street, Suite 210, Arlington, MA 02476. GREY2K USA Worldwide reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be preceded by a notice posted to this Privacy Policy at least ten (10) days prior to the effective date of such change.
How we collect information about you
Information you voluntarily provide
GREY2K USA Worldwide collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us, make a donation, subscribe to one of our online newsletters, make a purchase in our online shop or bid in an auction. Such information may include your name, mailing address, and e-mail address; it may also include a mobile phone number, and any other information collected in the forms. You may be asked to provide credit card information to contribute to GREY2K USA Worldwide or purchase certain materials from GREY2K USA Worldwide.
Other information
GREY2K USA Worldwide also collects certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our website. This information includes your IP address and your domain name. GREY2K USA Worldwide logs these IP addresses and domain names, and aggregates them for system administration and to monitor the use of our site. We use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the number of pages viewed, and various other site statistics. This monitoring helps us to provide a more useful and engaging online experience to grey2kusa.org visitors, and helps us to improve the quality of our content.
You can always set your browser to warn of cookies being placed, and then chose which cookies you want to accept. GREY2K USA Worldwide does not match any information gathered by cookies with personal information you may have voluntarily submitted to GREY2K USA Worldwide.
GREY2K USA Worldwide uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. GREY2K USA Worldwide also uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
GREY2K USA Worldwide and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party and third-party cookies together to inform and serve ads based on a visitor’s past visits to our website.
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Our site includes the following which use cookies: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube.
You can learn more about opting out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting
Google’s Ads Settings at any time. Cookies can be switched off by adjusting your browser settings to stop accepting cookies. You can learn how to adjust your cookie browser settings here, however doing so will likely limit the functionality of our website as well as other sites. You can also opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Ways Information About You Is Used
We may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you regarding greyhound-related issues we feel you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding GREY2K USA Worldwide programs and campaigns, and to extend an invitation to you to support these programs and campaigns. Every recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily “opt out” of future such communications by following the instructions on any electronic communication we send.
Other
From time to time, GREY2K USA Worldwide may link to other websites not affiliated with GREY2K USA Worldwide. GREY2K USA Worldwide attempts to link only to those websites which also respect a visitor’s privacy and the goals of GREY2K USA Worldwide. However, GREY2K USA Worldwide cannot be responsible for the content or policies of third-party websites. Please check with these third-party organizations or companies for their specific privacy policies. If you find inoperable links or are concerned about any of the sites that GREY2K USA Worldwide currently links to, please inform GREY2K USA Worldwide by contacting us at info@grey2kusa.org.
Security
GREY2K USA Worldwide uses generally accepted, industry-standard security systems, software, and encryption technologies–Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)–for the secure transfer of personal and financial data and to protect against unauthorized access to GREY2K USA Worldwide’s servers, equipment, and other components of our online presence. This includes using industry-standard security systems to protect credit card processing information. Our web servers are stored off-site at physically secure facilities with limited access.
Contacting GREY2K USA Worldwide
If you would like to contact GREY2K USA Worldwide about correcting information we might have collected, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at info@grey2kusa.org or write to us at GREY2K USA Worldwide, 7 Central Street, Suite 210, Arlington, MA 02476.
Follow us to help raise awareness about dog racing.