https://www.nldhlaw.com/category/legal-issues/
SiteMap
Privacy Policy
Legal Issues
Law/ Legal Issues
DUI and Legal Issues
Donald Waters
DUI, Law
September 24, 2018
Most victims of car accidents involving a drunk driver seek legal advice and help. They often end up with injuries or psychological trauma. In both cases, they can seek out punitive damages which they know nothing about. Here is some helpful information on the subject.
Car Accidents Are Common
Unfortunately, statistics show that most of us will be involved in a car accident sooner or later. Intoxicated drivers are a hazard to our wellbeing, as well as, their own.
For victims of drunk drivers justice is possible. Most jurisdictions will rule in favor of the victim because these cases are very common. The judge can immediately gather who the real victim is. They will also be inclined to rule in favor of the victim’s demands and require full compensation. This is where the punitive damages come in handy.
What are Punitive Damages
Punitive damages are additional benefits you receive. These are damages added to medical damages and any property damage. Punitive damages are usually imposed when the driving is reckless or careless. It will seek out justice for lack of responsibility and will punish the drunk driver.
Gather Evidence
For punitive damages, you will need very convincing evidence. This means that you will persuade the court and the judge of exactly how reckless the drunk driver was. You can take pictures or record the aftermath of the accident to capture their behavior.
Another way of gathering evidence is to see where they were drinking. If there is a bar which has security footage of reckless drinking you can use that in court.
Other Damages
Apart from these damages the victim can ask compensation for any pain or suffering or lost income due to the injury.
Legal Representation
In order for you to be legally represented and protect your rights properly you need to hire an attorney. An experienced expert can help get you what you want. They will surely know how to get you the best results. They will ensure you with a positive outcome and earn you financial help for any damages.
What is more, some drunk drivers will inform their insurance companies of the accident so they can hide the fact that they were intoxicated. You will need a good attorney to see right through their cunning plan and help you get justice.
Let the Jury Know How You Feel
Make sure the jury gets your side of the story. Recount the event as vividly as you can. Provide medical records and let them know about any emotional distress. This can help your case and your lawyer. Here are some examples of how people experience traffic after their accident:
They feel unsafe and paranoid. They think every person driving is intoxicated and is a potential threat. They avoid driving and feel unsafe when they are driven. They worry about family members and friends if they are on the road. They need psychotherapy to overcome their fears.
All of these issues are common and should be addressed in the courtroom. If you ever feel like this make sure you mention it in front of the judge and jury.
Driving/ Legal Issues
Driving and Using CBD
Donald Waters
CBD, Driving, Law
September 24, 2018
Laws about CBD and driving are confusing to some. Because this is a fairly novel law you have to stay informed and follow how it unravels. This will keep you on top of things and help you stay within the scope of the law. For more information read the following article.
What is Federally Legal
The CBD which is legal is the one containing not more than 0.3% THC and which is sourced from industrial hemp from abroad. Foreign-sourced CBD is more difficult to discern and assess.
The Effect of CBD Oils
It is legal for you to use CBD oil and Hemp oil and drive. Most CBD oils which are of non-foreign origin contain less than 0.3% of THC. This can keep you balanced and won’t have any effect on your performance while driving. This means that you steer clear from any psychoactive effect and can remain safe in traffic.
Extra Tip: Don’t try out something new before driving. Make sure you are aware of the effect the CBD oil will have on your body a couple of times before actually driving while using it.
The Use of CBD
Using cannabis itself can alter your performance in certain ways. It can slow down your reaction time, alter your visual perception and concentration, make you less focused and affect your driving speed. These are all fairly serious effects.
In order to avoid them, make sure you consume only CBD which contains less than 0.3% THC. Studies have shown that less than 0.3% THC cannot really influence you negatively. It is only used for medicinal reasons, for example, to alleviate pain or trauma.
CBD is a Fairly New Thing
People who advocate the use of cannabis for medicinal purposes are proud to present CBD. It has a positive effect on depression, diabetes, and painful arthritis while keeping everyone safe in traffic.
Apart from its obvious medical benefits, CBD does not affect people’s performance while driving. It is not psychoactive and it doesn’t actually get people high. The level of THC is too small in order for it to have this effect. This innovation will help people throughout the States.
More Health Benefits
CBD is believed to relieve pain and distress, help with chronic diseases, and mental health. Some people believe that using CBD regularly can help prevent Alzheimer’s, heart diseases, and cancer.
Rely on Your Own Judgment
The best thing is to remain in balance. This means that you can rely on knowing your body and how it will react under certain influences. Never exceed your tolerance levels and pull over if you don’t feel safe while driving.
Individual Tolerance is Important
Naturally, CBD is bound to affect people in different ways. This is why it is important to try it out beforehand. You need to learn how your body and mind will react to it. Don’t forget that CBD can alter your drug test results so keep that in mind. Police can easily give you a test so keep in mind that you will have to inform them about the CBD beforehand.
Search
Follow Me
rss
pinterest
tumblr
Tumblr
Recent Posts
Why Use a Payroll Service
Veterans Disability Calculator – How To Turn Your Ratings Into Payments
DUI and Legal Issues
Driving and Using CBD
Auto Accidents Tips
Latest Pins!TagsAuto Accidents
CBD
disability
Driving
DUI
Help
Law
Payroll
Service
Tips
Veteran
veteran disability
veterans law
Business Law Magazine
Categories
Auto accidents
Driving
Law
Legal Issues
Payroll
Veteran Law
Top 10 Tips for New Law Students
Privacy Policy