https://www.unitedway.ca/privacy-policy/
CONTACT US
Member Login
Donate
English
French
How We Help
Get Involved
Partners
Updates
COVID-19
Search
Donate
How We Help
COVID-19
Get Involved
Partners
Updates
Member Login
Contact Us
United Way Privacy Policy
About Us
Our Team
United Way Centraide Canada is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information. Therefore, we follow the principles of the Canadian Standards Association Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information.
Personal Information
Personal information is information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that United Way Centraide Canada generally collects includes: name, address, telephone number, email address, donation amount, and banking or credit card information. We handle all personal information in accordance with this policy.
How we use your personal information
Personal information may be provided to us through correspondence, online donations, pledge cards, conference or meeting registrations, or other forms of communication. Such information may be recorded for the purpose of processing and receipting a donation, distributing a donation to a local United Way or other registered charity, recognizing a contribution, registering your participation in a conference or other event, or responding to your information requests.
Sharing your personal information
Personal information may also be communicated to local United Ways according to the stated purpose for which you provided the information. This policy applies to the handling of personal information by United Way Centraide Canada whether such information is provided directly by you or through generic forms or processes under our auspices. If you provided information in relation to an activity of, or a donation to, your local United Way, you may also wish to consult with your local United Way for further details of local policies or practices.
United Way Centraide Canada will not provide or share your personal information with third parties unless:
You authorize us to share the information;
Sharing the information is necessary to process a donation, for example, to process a credit card transaction; or,
We are required by law.
Access to your information
You are entitled to know whether we hold personal information about you, see that information and ensure that it is accurate. Personal information is maintained at the central offices of United Way Centraide Canada at the address below. If you would like to access your personal information, or have any questions about the protection of your privacy, please contact:
Privacy Officer
United Way Centraide Canada
116 Albert Street, Suite 900
Ottawa, Ontario (Canada) K1P 5G3
Telephone: 613-236-7041
Fax: 613-236-3087
privacy@unitedway.ca
Privacy Practices
You may withdraw your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at any time by contacting the Privacy Officer and, subject to any legal constraints, we will comply with your request within a reasonable time. United Way Centraide Canada has in place measures to respect the confidentiality of personal information and protects personal information by safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Access to personal information is granted only to those employees and authorized volunteers and agents whose duties so require for United Way purposes.
Online Properties and Electronic Commerce
When you use our online properties we do not collect your email address unless you specifically provide it to us with a donation or information request. Our e-store and donation sites are third party providers which use industry standard secure payment services for transactions. Our sites use “cookies” (small files containing information to track a visit) in a session limited way. These temporary files enhance your ability to use our sites and do not typically remain on your computer after the session ends. Your browser can be set so that it does not accept cookies. If you set your browser to turn off cookies, some areas of our sites may not function properly.
You can improve lives locally
Together, we are moving people from poverty to possibility, helping kids be all they can be, and building strong and healthy communities.
Give now
About Us
FAQ
Reports & Policies
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
CHANGE A LIFE
Charitable Registration Number: 119278141 RR 0001
United Way is a trademark of United Way of Canada - Centraide Canada