https://www.winnipeghumanesociety.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The Winnipeg Humane Society (The WHS) is committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information private. You can visit The Winnipeg Humane Society website without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself. However, because our web site includes areas in which visitors can provide personally identifying information, we have developed this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and practices regarding information we collect about you.
This Privacy Policy governs the URL www.winnipeghumaneosociety.ca and certain electronic communications sent out by The WHS. This web site is owned and operated by The Winnipeg Humane Society for the benefit of its members and other visitors interested in the protecting animals from suffering and to promoting their welfare and dignity.
We are located at 45 Hurst Way, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, R3T 0R3. The WHS reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be preceded by a notice posted to this Privacy Policy at least ten (10) days prior to the effective date of such change.
How We Collect Information About You
Information You Voluntarily Provide
The WHS collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us, make a donation, subscribe to one of our online newsletters, request to become a member, sign up for mobile text alerts, or forward a web page, electronic postcard, electronic ballot, or electronic newsletter.
Such information may include your name, mailing address, and e-mail address; it may also include a mobile phone number, the e-mail addresses of those to whom you forward WHS electronic content, and any other information collected in the forms. You may be asked to provide credit card information to become a member of The WHS, contribute to The WHS, purchase certain information or materials from The WHS, or subscribe to various WHS publications
Other Information
Winnipeghumanesociety.ca also collects certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our web site. This information includes your IP address and your domain name. Winnipeghumanesociety.ca logs these IP addresses and domain names, and aggregates them for system administration and to monitor the use of our site. We use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, the number of pages viewed, and various other site statistics. This monitoring helps us to provide a more useful and engaging online experience to winnipeghumanesociety.ca visitors, and helps us to improve the quality of our content.
The WHS uses cookies in order to make the results available for your on-site searches. Cookies are not used for any other reason on this site. A cookie is a small file that is sent out by a web site, accepted by the user’s browser, and placed on the user’s hard drive. You can always set your browser to warn of cookies being placed, and then chose which cookies you want to accept. The WHS does not match any information gathered by cookies with personal information you may have voluntarily submitted to The WHS.
The WHS uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. The WHS also uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
The WHS and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party and third-party cookies together to inform and serve ads based on a visitor’s past visits to our website.
You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings at any time. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Ways Information About You Is Used
We may use the information you voluntarily provided to contact you regarding animal-related issues we feel you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding The WHS’s programs, and to extend an invitation to you to support our programs. We may also send such information to the people whose e-mail addresses you provide when forwarding WHS electronic content. When we do so, our sole intent is to enlarge our family of informed animal advocates and organizational supporters. Every recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily “opt out” of future such communications by following the instructions on any electronic communication we send.
From time to time, we may make such voluntary information, excluding credit card information (which will never be disclosed), available to The WHS’s affiliate organizations or to sponsors or licensees that provide special programs or services we think you might find interesting or beneficial. The WHS uses very strict standards in determining which reputable companies become sponsors and licensees, to ensure that such organizations are committed to the protection of visitors’ privacy and committed to the goals of The WHS. If your volunteered personal information will be used in any manner other than as stated above, such use shall be specifically posted. If you wish to update or remove your information, or if you do not wish your information to be shared with affiliated third parties, please e-mail us at development@winnipeghumanesociety.ca. You may also unsubscribe at any time in every issue of our newsletters.
Other
From time to time, The WHS may link to other web sites not affiliated with The WHS. The WHS attempts to link only to those web sites which also respect a visitor’s privacy and the goals of The WHS. However, The WHS cannot be responsible for the content or policies of third-party web sites. Please check with these third-party organizations or companies for their specific privacy policies. If you find inoperable links or are concerned about any of the sites that The WHS currently links to, please inform The WHS by contacting us at communications@winnipeghumanesociety.ca
Security
The WHS uses generally accepted, industry-standard security systems, software, and encryption technologies–-Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)–for the secure transfer of personal and financial data and to protect against unauthorized access to The WHS’s servers, equipment, and other components of our online presence. This includes using industry-standard security systems to protect credit card processing information. Our web servers are stored off-site at multiple, physically secure facilities with limited access.
Contacting The WHS
If you would like to contact The WHS about correcting information we might have collected, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at communications@winnipeghumanesociety.ca or write to us at Webmaster, The Winnipeg Humane Society, 45 Hurst Way, Winnipeg, Manitoba, R3T 0R3