http://www.google.com/policyfellowship/index.html
Policy Fellowship
Skip to content
Home
Host organizations
U.S. & LATAM FAQ
EMEA Fellowship
EMEA FAQ
GPF Alumni
2008 Fellows
2009 Fellows
2010 Fellows
2011 Fellows
2012 Fellows
2013 Fellows
2014 Fellows
Policy Fellowship
Home
Host organizations
U.S. & LATAM FAQ
EMEA Fellowship
EMEA FAQ
GPF Alumni
Close navigation drawer
2019 Google Public Policy Fellowship, for Europe, Middle East and Africa
In 2019, we will launch the Google Public Policy Fellowship program in 15 countries across Europe, Middle East and Africa.
The program will run from January to June 2019 and will offer undergraduate, graduate, law students and early-stage professionals interested in Internet and technology policy the opportunity to spend time contributing to the public dialogue on these issues, and exploring future academic and professional interests.
Fellows will have the opportunity to work at public interest organizations at the forefront of debates on broadband and access policy, content regulation, copyright and creativity, consumer privacy, open government, government surveillance, data security, data innovation, free expression and more.
Please note that applicants should apply directly to host organisations. Google will not be able to respond to applicants on behalf of host organisations. More details here.
2019 Google Public Policy Fellowship for U.S. and Latin America
Program overview
The Google U.S. and Latin America Policy Fellowship program offers undergraduate, graduate, and law students interested in Internet and technology policy the opportunity to spend the summer contributing to the public dialogue on these issues, and exploring future academic and professional interests.
Fellows will have the opportunity to work at public interest organizations at the forefront of debates on broadband and access policy, content regulation, copyright and creativity, consumer privacy, open government, government surveillance, data security, data innovation, free expression and more. More information about the host organizations and the areas of focus for the fellows is outlined here.
Fellows will be assigned a lead mentor at their host organizations and will have the opportunity to work with several senior staff members over the course of the summer. Fellows will be expected to make substantive contributions to the work of their organization, including conducting policy research and analysis, drafting reports and white papers, attending government and industry meetings and conferences, and participating in other advocacy activities.
Who should apply?
We’re looking for students who are passionate about technology, and want to spend the summer diving headfirst into Internet policy. Students from all majors and degree programs who possess the following qualities are encouraged to apply:
Demonstrated or stated commitment to Internet and technology policy
Excellent academic record, professional/extracurricular/volunteer activities, subject matter expertise
First-rate analytical, communications, research, and writing skills
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently, and to work smartly and resourcefully in a fast-paced environment
Fellows will receive a stipend of USD 7,500 in 2019.
What is the program timeline?
The deadline to apply to the U.S. fellowship is Friday, February 15th at 12:00 p.m. ET/ 9:00 a.m. PT. If selected for a summer fellowship, you can work with the individual host organizations to adjust start and completion dates, the U.S. program runs from early June through early August. Host organizations will define exact start and end dates between July and September for the Latin America (LATAM) program, the deadline to apply for the LATAM fellowship is June 6th, 2019.