http://www.lady.co.uk/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Subscribe
The Lady network
Jobs Board
Classifieds
More...
Blogs
PeopleProfiles
Features
LifestyleBeauty
Etiquette
Fashion
Food
Gardening
Gift guides
Health
Home
Travel
CultureBooks
Going out
TV, Film and Radio
RecruitmentDay in the Life
Roles
Top Tips
Competitions
Get social
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
Account
Register
Login
Search form
Search this site?
Subscribe
or Renew now!
Terms & Conditions
The Terms and Conditions below should be read in conjunction with the Lady's Privacy Policy (click here to view)
General
The Publisher
The Lady magazine is published by The Lady Limited, The Kinetic Centre, Theobald Street, Borehamwood, Herts. WD6 4PJ.
Card Payment
If you are under 18 or are not using your own payment card to pay for any order, subscription or advertisement, you must ask the permission of the card holder before entering payment details. By clicking "Submit Order" you are confirming that you have obtained the express prior permission of the card holder.
Personal Information
We shall only use the personal information (e.g. name, address, e-mail address, payment card details) you supply to us for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order. Unless a member of our staff has been fraudulent or negligent, we will not be liable to you for any losses you may suffer as a result of unauthorised access by a third party to the information (including in particular payment card details) you transmit when you place an order. It is your responsibility to ensure the security of your own card details to avoid unauthorised use.
Liability
To the extent permitted by law we exclude all other liability to you. Our exclusions of liability shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by our negligence or that of any of our employees or agents. These Terms and Conditions do not and shall not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Variation
We may change these Terms and Conditions at any time upon giving 10 days prior written notice.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law. You hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts notwithstanding the jurisdiction where you are based.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions override any contrary terms or conditions published by us in relation to any order placed by you with us.
Subscriptions
The Publisher may make use of one or more agents and subcontractors in servicing your subscription contract.
Subscription Order and Acceptance
When you click "Submit Order" to complete your on-line order, or you post your order to us, you are making an offer to take out a subscription which if accepted by us, will result in the formation of a binding contract. We shall send you a written confirmation to notify you of our acceptance of your order. We reserve the right not to accept or to process your order for any reason. All orders paid by payment card are subject to authorisation by your card issuer. Normally, this will take place when you submit your on-line order or on receipt of your order by post. If we do not accept your order and your payment card has already been debited, we will notify you and refund your card in full immediately. The outcome of the authorisation request submitted to your payment card issuer, will be advised to you by email to the address which you enter when preparing your order. We will not be responsible for any failure to communicate with you if you have entered your email address incorrectly nor if you fail to receive our written confirmation because you have supplied us with an incorrect postal address.
Delivery
We will deliver issues of The Lady magazine to the address you notify to us when placing your order. Please allow up to three weeks for delivery of the first issue. You agree that we will not be responsible for failure to deliver the magazines if you have supplied us with an incorrect address. We will not be liable to you for any delay in delivery or non-delivery of magazines if such delay or failure is due to circumstances beyond our control or the control of our sub-contractors and agents, including but not restricted to war, electricity power failure, utilities failure, failure of telecommunications links, failure of transport infrastructure, fire, flood, government act, act of God, legislative constraints, strikes, labour disputes or malicious damage involving employees. Our liability to you in the event of magazines being lost in despatch shall in any event, be limited either to replacement of the missing issues or refund of the cost of the missing issues, at our discretion. We will assume that all subscriptions will start from the next available issue. In order to receive the following weeks issue, your subscription order must be placed by Tuesday at the latest. Alternative start dates must be notified in writing.
Subscription Cancellation
Subscription Cancellations must be advised to us in writing, and will be taken from the date that this is received. All cancellations are subject to a £20 administration fee and refunds for discounted subscriptions will be based pro rata on the full subscription rate in operation at the time of cancellation and any balance remaining will be refunded. This procedure does not affect your statutory rights.
Free joining gifts
These gifts are only applicable to NEW UK subscribers and are not for renewals. Subscribers who have already received a free gift within the previous two year period will not be eligible to receive a further free gift. The free gift is only valid for UK postal addresses. Some goods are limited to UK mainland addresses only due to postal restrictions but this will be advised in the promotion. All goods are subject to supplies lasting, should these supplies run out an alternative free gift will be offered to you.
Payments
Subscriptions can be paid by credit card, Direct Debit or UK bank cheque payable to The Lady Limited.
Address amendments
Please confirm all changes in writing to us. Should you change your address to an area outside of your normal postal rate, we will advise you of the rate change as required.
Price Information
Prices displayed on the subscriptions section of the website will prevail at all times in relation to orders placed on-line. Prices include delivery charges and taxes (where applicable). If a renewal is effected, this will cause a new contract to be formed between us to which the rates published at the time of renewal will apply.
The prices are as follows:
UK and C.I – 6 months £52, 1 year £75 Cheque/Credit or Debit Card. £70 by Direct Debit or continuous credit/debit card.
Europe – 1 year £106
Rest of world – 1year £120
Reader Gifts
If an issue of The Lady is put on sale in the UK to include a covermount or other gift, your subscription copy of that issue will also include the relevant gift, provided that your delivery address is in the UK. Magazines delivered to overseas addresses will not entail any entitlement to such gifts.
Further Information
If you require any further information please contact our subscriptions department:
Contact
Tel: +44(0)207 379 4717 - lines open Monday to Friday 09:00 to 17.00 (London time)
Email: subscriptions@lady.co.uk
Post: The Lady, Kinetic Centre, Theobald Street, Borehamwood, WD6 4PJ, UK
Advertisements
While every endeavour will be made to meet the wishes of Advertisers, the Publisher does not guarantee the insertion, the position, or the colour of any particular advertisement. The Publisher does not accept responsibility for any loss or damage caused by
(a) an error, inaccuracy or omission in the printing of the advertisement:
(b) for any failure to publish an advertisement on the date or dates specified by the Advertiser:
(c) for the publication of an advertisement on the date or dates specified by the Advertiser whether the actual date be earlier or later than the date or dates specified: and/or in respect of any loss or damage alleged to have arisen through delay in forwarding or omission to forward replies to Box Numbers to the Advertiser, however caused.
The Publisher reserves the right to omit, suspend, or change the position of any advertisement, even if it has already been accepted for publication.
The Publisher reserves the right to make any alteration it considers necessary or desirable in an advertisement and to require artwork or copy to be amended to meet its approval.
If the Company is shown to have made an error or inaccuracy in the insertion of or omission to insert any advertisement it shall make a refund or adjustment to the cost of the advertisement at a rate agreed between the Company and the Advertiser. No refund or adjustment will be made if the error or inaccuracy does not materially affect the cost or detract from the advertisement.
Cancellation - The Publisher requires six clear days notice in writing of cancellation, or reduction in the advertisement size, of any order or unexpired part of a Classified order, or in the case of an advertisement which by reason of its position is chargeable at a premium rate, not less than twenty eight clear days notice. Sixteen clear days notice of cancellation of any mono or two colour Display order , or in the case of a four colour Display advertisement which by reason of its position is chargeable at a premium rate, not less than six clear weeks notice. No refunds will be given for cancellations within these minimum periods.
If the Advertiser cancels the balance of a contract all unearned series discounts will be surcharged. The Publisher reserves the right of surcharge in the event of insertions not being completed within the contractual period.
The Advertiser/Advertising Agency agrees to indemnify the Publisher in respect of all costs, damages, or other charges falling upon the publication as the result of legal actions or threatened legal actions arising from the publication of the advertisement, or any one or more of the series of advertisements, published in accordance with the copy instructions supplied to the publisher in pursuance of the Advertiser's/Advertising Agency's order. In any case where a claim is made against the publisher or the publication is used in litigation the Advertiser/Advertising Agency may ultimately be liable under the terms hereof, notice in writing shall be given to the Advertiser/Advertising Agency, and consultation shall take place before any expense is incurred or the claim is settled or the case is defended or otherwise disposed of.
Copy must be supplied without application from the Publisher. In the event of copy instructions not being received by the copy date the Publisher reserves the right to repeat copy last used. The Publisher cannot accept changes in dates of insertion unless these are confirmed in writing in time for the change to be made. The Publisher reserves the right to charge for any additional expense involved in such changes.
The placing of an order for the insertion of an advertisement shall amount to an acceptance of the above conditions and any conditions stipulated on an Agency's order form or elsewhere by an Agency or an Advertiser shall be void insofar as they are in conflict with them.
Employment advertisements & responses/applications
The Lady has a long and successful history in employment services and operates a highly discreet and confidential network sourcing employment for and providing employees to an extensive range of clients and candidates. To this end and within our operation all employment advertisers and respondents to such advertisements permit The Lady to intercept, record, store, assess and act upon both the advertisements and the responses without limitation. None of the above information received will be shared with third parties (save those operated by The Lady) without the express consent of the owner.
The Business Advertisement (Disclosure) Order 1977 requires all advertisements by people who seek to sell goods, in the course of a business, to make that fact clear. It is the responsibility of the advertiser to comply with the above Order by using the word TRADE. Refunds cannot be given on cancellations of advertisements which have already been published in our publications or on our Internet Web site.
PUBLISHED BY The Lady Limited, The Kinetic Centre, Theobald Street, Borehamwood, Herts. WD6 4PJ The Publishers of The Lady Magazine cannot accept responsibility for monies sent to advertisers in response to mail order advertisements. Readers would be advised to check the authenticity of an advertiser before parting with money.
Website
The Lady terms of use
Access to and use of this site (lady.co.uk) is provided by The Lady subject to the following terms:
By using lady.co.uk you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of lady.co.uk. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use lady.co.uk.
Social media competitons
Competitions are open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 years or over except employees of The Lady and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition. There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter competitions. By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions. Only one entry will be accepted per person. Multiple entries from the same person will be disqualified. Closing date for entries will be shown on the post of the competition. After this date the no further entries to the competition will be permitted. No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason. For competitions where a partner is involved it is the entrant’s responsibility to check the partners terms and conditions as The Lady cannot be held responsible for external parties. Competition prizes cannot be exchanged for cash alternative.
The Lady may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by The Lady Magazine. Your continued use of lady.co.uk after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
YOUR BROWSER DOES NOT ACCEPT COOKIES
Without cookies this site can not work properly, preventing you from logging in or storing your preferences.
ADBLOCKER DETECTED!
The use of AdBlocking systems can compromise the correct display of the website or prevent access to certain contents.
This website does not use intrusive advertising, so we kindly ask you to disable AdBlock (or similar) while you browse our contents.
This site uses cookies for the sole purpose of allowing its correct operation or for statistical purposes.
We do not use cookies for marketing or profiling purposes. Cookies of this kind could however be used by some of the advertising banners published on this website by external suppliers.
For more information regarding the management of cookies and the protection of your privacy, please refer to the Section 1.9 of our Privacy Policy.