http://www.hermanmathis.com/contact/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy concerns the information collected on this Herman Gerel website found at hermangerel.com. It does not apply to information we may collect through emails or offline. You are not required to provide any personal information in order to visit our website. If you choose to contact us by completing the form on the "Contact Us" page,we will use your information to contact you and provide the information you requested.
We will not share, sell or rent your personal information with any third party without your consent, except as required by law. We may use your information to contact you to ask if you would like to receive information from us about events, publications, legal developments and services provided by our firm that may be of interest to you, but we will not add you to our mailing list without your explicit consent.We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics. To protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or alteration of your information, we use security measures and safeguards to secure the information we collect online. The internet, however, is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee that our measures and safeguards will not keep a third party from circumventing our security and unlawfully intercepting or accessing transmissions or private communications.
Cookies are used to track users preferences. Our website uses cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. You can always set up your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the option to accept or reject it. You do not need to agree to have cookies in order to view any pages on our website. By using our website you agree to the Privacy Policy stated here. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not use our site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this Policy at any time.
Terms of Use
This Privacy Policy concerns the information collected on this Herman Gerel website found at hermangerel.com. It does not apply to information we may collect through emails or offline. You are not required to provide any personal information in order to visit our website. If you choose to contact us by completing the form on the "Contact Us" page,we will use your information to contact you and provide the information you requested.
We will not share, sell or rent your personal information with any third party without your consent, except as required by law. We may use your information to contact you to ask if you would like to receive information from us about events, publications, legal developments and services provided by our firm that may be of interest to you, but we will not add you to our mailing list without your explicit consent.