http://www.mesotheliomaattorney.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
1-800-818-3138
Home
Investigation
Compensation
Settlements
Lawyers
Attention
1-800-818-3138
Privacy Policy
All information you provide is confidential. We will not share it with any other organization.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will receive telephone contact from us.
With respect to Ad Servers: Third party vendors show our ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors use cookies and may serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. Or they may opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
Consumers can have this information corrected or opt-out of future communications by sending e-mail to Danziger & De Llano, LLP using the form found at http://www.dandell.com/contact-us/.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
We've Helped Thousands of Mesothelioma Patients Receive:
Millions of Dollars in Compensation
Financial Aid for Treatment
VA Claims & Benefits
Referrals to Top Mesothelioma Doctors
Why Not Let us Help you?
First Name
Last Name
Phone
E-Mail
Client Testimonials
See More Testimonials
Call Us: 1-800-818-3138
Global User Notice  |  Privacy Policy
© 2018 Danziger & De Llano, LLP. All Rights Reserved.
Call Us Now 1-800-818-3138