https://www.longlongtrail.co.uk/data-and-privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.longlongtrail.co.uk.co.uk. This is owned by fourteeneighteen, a partnership operated by Chris and Geraldine Baker.
Data that you share with us
Our website collects data that is used to enable the website to work and to collect statistical information for helping us track website usage. This data is not personal in nature but can include your IP address.
How we hold this data
Cookies generated through the use of our website are stored on your own computer and we have no access to them. Statistical data generated is held by our internet service host and is accessible to us by logging into our hosting account.
How we use your data
The data is employed only for the purpose of developing and maintaining our websites.
We do not use your data for any other purposes.
Disclosing your information to others
We do not disclose your data to third parties except as outlined above.
Your rights
We are prepared to let you know what data we hold about you, at any time, at your request.
Links to other websites
Our websites may contain links to, or embed content from, other third party websites. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. (An example might be, for example, a video hosted by Youtube that is embedded into one of our own web pages).
This privacy policy only applies to fourteeneighteen’s websites and doesn’t cover third parties, which will have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies.
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
fourteeneighteen assures its visitors of our efforts to fully comply with the Regulation. This requires us to process all personal data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.  and includes our position with regard to your individual rights and consent, how we respond to any data breaches, how we respond to your access requests, and how we protect your data.
Search for:
Navigate Back to previous page
Need more help? Stuck? Try fourteeneighteen|research
Site latest
Review of “Long before daybreak”
Review of “A Lancashire Fusilier’s First World War”
Review of “Harry Livingstone’s forgotten men”
My recommendations I am pleased to recommend my friends at Battle Honours, the UK’s leading company offering battlefield tours, with the ability and experience to arrange tours for groups of all sizes
I am also pleased to recommend Sophie's Great War Tours, a family-run bespoke tour operator, creating exceptional battlefield tours across France, Belgium and the Netherlands
For army service records and much more, I recommend findmypast
The Long, Long Trail website uses cookies only to make sure the site works and to improve your experience as a user. This includes cookies that track any click through to affiliate links and advertisers that appear on this site. No personal details are collected. You signify acceptance of our use of cookies when you click the Accept button or by your continued use of the site.
Accept
Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.