https://www.citynetmagazine.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
By contacting CitynetMagazine.com, you agree that your name and identifiable information will not be used in any form of spam emailing that goes out to millions of people. We are not spammers and sometimes people spam in our name. Rest assured that the junk mail you may receive that appears as though it came from CitynetMagazine.com is not.
Tracking: Users are tracked by way of statistical programs. No specific identifiable information such as a user’s name is obtained.
CitynetMagazine.com does not do email advertising and never did. If you received a spam/junk email from test @ citynetmagazine.com or something similar, please note that it did not come from this website. It was one of several spammers who made it look that way. You can read about one of them, a spammer who is now in jail for his actions.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect data when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site, other sites, and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Privacy Policy Updates
The privacy policy outlined on this page may be updated at any time without notice to users. It is up to users to check this page for updates each time they come to the site.
Last updated on March 20, 2012
Scroll for more
Tap
Instagram
Follow on Instagram
This error message is only visible to WordPress admins
Error: No posts found.Make sure this account has posts available on instagram.com.
Popular
Latest
Comments
Exclusive Interview With Eliza Taylor (Clarke on The 100)
GeekApril 20, 2020
Laval Comiccon Arrives This Weekend
GeekOctober 2, 2019
Whiskey Ginger Interviews Black Thought and Bobby Lee in Montreal
HumorJuly 27, 2019
Black-ish Star Anthony Anderson Keeps it Humble
HumorJuly 26, 2019
todd Lamoreaux says:
I am an active KJ running numerous ongoing shows every…
Hal Pritzker says:
From my experiences, women DON'T like guys with manners, who…
JR says:
Yaaaaaas...lol
kekegene says:
I really loved this season of Sorority Life. I loved…
Facebook
Facebook
Close
MenuLifestyle
health & wellness
money
style & beauty
cars
Travel
hotel reviews
discount travel
cruises
cruise reviews
flights
hotels
resort hotels
Dating
Nightlife
Bars & Clubs
Drinking
djs
Food
Interviews
Spotlight Interviews
Pop Culture
music
Humor
movies
tv
celebrities
Geek
sci-fi
cosplay
comic books
gaming
star trek
doctor who
star wars
Tech
gadgets
startups
Cities
montreal
toronto
new york
los angeles
london