http://www.creeksidechurch.com/policies
Creekside
Home
About
Belong
Events
Support
Giving
Sermons
Contact
Back
Our Team
Our Beliefs
Back
Youth
Children
Dinner Groups
Journey
Men
Women
Missions
At Creekside Community Church, we take your privacy seriously. We are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold about you, whether you are a visitor to our websites, a subscriber to our newsletters, a purchaser of our resources, a financial supporter, a volunteer or participant in one of our programs or events, or a prayer supporter. This policy explains how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us, whether this is online, in person or via phone, mobile, email, letter or other correspondence or printed form, and personal information about you that we may obtain from third parties. If you use our websites or any of our services, or provide us with any personal information, we will bring this policy to your attention so that you are fully aware of how your information will be used and disclosed. Our Privacy Policy in BriefIt’s important that you read the full policy to understand what information we hold, how we may use it, and what your rights are - but if you don’t have time to read it all now, here’s a quick summary: We collect information that is personal data. Personal data is information that can be used to help identify an individual, such as name, address, phone number, email address, IP addresses or website pages accessed.We collect information about most people who engage with us at Creekside. (It is possible to remain anonymous by just browsing our website or by coming to church and not signing up to participate in any events.) This could be church attenders, newsletter subscribers, those who participate in our events, donors, volunteers or employees.We collect information to ensure the smooth running of the church and the associated activities and events which we run, to fundraise for our work, to resource our activities and fulfil our charitable objectives and for administration. This information may also be used for analysis and for the prevention or detection of crime.We only collect the information that we need or that you agree we can collect.We do our best to keep personal information secure wherever we collect personal data online.We never sell your data and we will never share it with another company or charity for their own purposes.We only share data where we are required by law or with carefully selected service providers who carry out work for us. We recognise the importance of ensuring that all our service providers treat your data as carefully as we would, use it only as instructed, and allow us to check that they do this.Our websites use cookies. For more information, please read the cookies section below.These are the key points of the privacy policy. If you would like more information or the full privacy policy, we will be happy to provide you with that.This policy applies to all the websites we operate, our use of emails and postal mailings and any other methods we use for collecting information. It covers what we collect and why, what we do with the information, what we won’t do with the information, and what rights you have.