http://www.belfastcentralmission.org/privacy-and-cookies
Skip to main content
Privacy and Cookies
Privacy and Cookies
Belfast Central Mission is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of data protection legislation in the UK. The purpose of this statement is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorized access in accordance with UK data protection legislation. We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it.
We use a technology called "cookies" as part of a normal business procedure to streamline the functionality of this website. A cookie is an element of data that our website sends to your web browser which is then stored on your system. The website also uses cookies to perform anonymous analysis and reporting on usage which we use to improve our website content to better serve our visitors.When you use this website we need to log your IP address so that the website server can establish a link with your computer. We will not collect any of your personal data.By using our website you consent to our use of cookies. If you want, you can change the cookie settings in your browser however we do not recommend that as this could have an adverse effect on the way the site performs. There are many different browsers in use these days so we recommend that you search for 'cookie settings' in your browser's help section to find out how to do this.
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us at info@belfastcentralmission.org
Search form
Search
From BCMs foundation in 1889, volunteers have played a vital role in the life of the Mission and this remains true today. In fact this is an expanding area of our work and the contribution made by our volunteers has been calculated as an amazing 11,100 volunteering hours in the year Jan - Dec 2015alone...
READ MORE >