http://www.calvinseminary.edu/legal-notices
SearchCloseSearch
LEGAL NOTICES
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACYCalvin Theological Seminary (“we” or “us”) recognizes the importance of respecting the privacy of those who visit calvinseminary.edu (the “Site”) and choose to take advantage of the services offered at this Site. We believe it is important for you to know how we treat the information about you that we receive during your visits to the Site. This policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, disclose, and safeguard the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide to us via the Site. Please note that when you link from our Site to other web sites, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We encourage you to take the time to read this Privacy Policy and also those of any other sites you visit, whether through a link on this Site or otherwise.THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES ONLY TO THIS SITE, ONLINE PRACTICES, AND DATA ACQUIRED ONLINE.YOUR CONSENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND REVISIONSWe may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. Additionally, we may in the future add new programs to the Site that are subject to new or different privacy terms. You are responsible for checking this Privacy Policy when you visit our Site to review the current policy in effect at that time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when posted to the Site. By using this Site, you agree to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy. Last update: November 2004.WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE DISCLOSE ITWhen you visit our Site, we may collect Personal Information you knowingly choose to disclose via manual form submission.PERSONAL INFORMATIONCalvin Theological Seminary may collect Personal Information at this Site only when you provide the information to us in connection with your participation in online services such as online payments, or when you contact us via e-mail with inquiries. Personal Information includes information such as your e-mail address, first and last name, home or other physical address, telephone numbers, and other similar information that is personally identifiable to you. We may disclose Personal Information to third parties that provide services for us and to other third parties as required by law. Currently, our use and disclosure of Personal Information is limited to the following purposes:understanding the use of our Site and making improvementsresponding to requests from or providing any necessary notices to youprotecting the security or integrity of our Siteproviding the services accessed by the user to our fullest abilityotherwise administering or managing the Site softwareINFORMATION SECURITYWe believe that keeping Personal Information secure is one of our most significant responsibilities. We restrict access to Personal Information about you to those employees who need to know that information to assist us in our business or to provide products or services to you. We safeguard Personal Information according to established security standards and procedures, by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards for the information.E-MAIL INFORMATIONIf you choose to correspond with us through e-mail, we may retain the content of your e-mail messages together with your e-mail address and our responses.USERS UNDER AGE 13We do not collect or maintain information at our Site from those we know are under 13 years old, and no part of our web site is designed to attract anyone under 13 years old.FERPA – Your PrivacyFamily Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 helps protect the privacy of student records. Theact provides for the right to inspect and review educational records, the right to seek to amend thoserecords, and to limit disclosure of information from the records.FERPA states that a spouse/parent or other authorized party may gain permission to access studentrecords if the student signs a release. This form is kept in the Financial Services office and can be foundon the Tools and Resources page of the website.COMPLAINT RESOLUTION FOR STUDENTSAny student with a complaint or grievance should follow the procedure outlined in the “Grievances andRights of Appeal Procedures” section of the Student Handbook. This procedure is based on Matthew 18:15-17.Students who have gone through the procedure in the Student Handbook, and have not received asatisfactory resolution, may contact our accrediting agency, The Association of Theological Schools inthe United States and Canada:10 Summit Park DrivePittsburgh, PA 15275Telephone: 412-788-6505*request the liaison for Calvin SeminaryAfter they have followed the procedure in the Student Handbook listed above, Distance students mayalso contact the State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement portal agency for Michigan:State of Michigan, Dept. of Licensing and Regulatory AffairsCorporations, Securities & Commercial Licensing – Schools and LicensingPO Box 30018Lansing, MI 48909Michael Beamish, Manager517.241.6806 phone517.373.2162 faxbeamishm@michigan.govLINKS TO WEB SITES OPERATED BY OTHERSWhen you use a link to go from this Site to a web site operated by a third party, this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by third party web sites linked to or from our Site, nor for the information or content contained therein.Questions regarding this Privacy Policy, our practices, or your dealings with this Site should be directed to our Information Technology Office at 1-616-957-6111 or sent via email inquiry.