http://www.christianrelief.org/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
News
Programs and Projects
Ways to Give
Donate
Back
Our History
Board of Directors
Staff
Financials
Accreditations
Publications
Back
Donate Now
Monthly Giving
Privacy PolicyThis policy discloses what information is gathered about you when you visit any of our web sites or correspond directly with us. It describes how we use that information and how you may control the disclosure of such information. Contents:1. Information Gathered and Tracked 2. Personal Information 3. Aggregated Tracking Information 4. Our “Cookies”5. Links to Other Websites6. Notification of Changes7. Security/Data Integrity Protection Measures1. Information Gathered and TrackedWe collect two kinds of information about visitors to our web sites:a.) Information visitors provide when submitting requests to receive news and project reports; participating in program activities, completing surveys, or donating funds.b.) Aggregated tracking information (see #3 below) we collect when users interact with and navigate through our web pages.2. Personal Information:We use the personal information you provide to us voluntarily to send information to you that you have requested and to acknowledge contributions that you have made. The specific use of your personal information varies, depending on how you contact us and what you request.When you sign up to receive newsletters and/or program and organizational news material online, you must provide your name, e-mail address, and mailing address. We never sell, rent or trade your e-mail address to any third party.We will attempt to fulfill your inquiries by e-mail as soon as possible and to the best of our ability. Your name and address may also be added to our US Mail list. From time to time, we will send additional information about particular charitable activities that may be of interest to you.We may use third party commercial vendors to perform activities on our behalf, such as fulfilling mailing campaigns, processing credit card payments, managing mailing lists, and delivering packages. These third parties are prohibited from using your information for any purpose other than the specific purposes for which they have been retained. We may exchange our US Mail address list with similar Internal Revenue Code section 501(c)(3) organizations we deem relevant and appropriate. For information regarding “opting out” of use of your name and address in regard to mailing lists, see section 5 below.We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe such disclosure is appropriate, necessary or required to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the organization’s staff, our patrons, or others. This may include, but is not limited to, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.3. Aggregated Tracking InformationWe may analyze visitors’ use of our web site by tracking information such as page views, traffic flow, search terms, and click-throughs. We will use this information to improve our web site and to be more responsive to your informational needs. We may share this anonymous traffic and demographic information in aggregate form with our network sites and for-profit business partners for marketing purposes. Presently, we do not use web advertisements. If we get paid to place an advertisement on our sites we will not share any information with advertisers that can identify an individual visitor.As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.Though, we may use a third party web analysis service to improve our web site performance and visitor experience, no personally identifiable information, such as names or e-mail address, will be disclosed to such service.4. Our CookiesA cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser when you visit our site. Cookies enable our systems to recognize your computer, so that we can provide you unique information and features. We may use our cookies to track your visits to our site and the information you are most interested in on our site. You can set your web browser to warn you before accepting cookies or to block cookies. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain site features or functions.5. Links to Other WebsitesThis site provides links to other websites that we think will be of interest to you. Some of these websites are operated in conjunction with us and some are operated solely by independent organizations.DisclaimerThe site sets out our views on various topics and gives general guidance as to possibilities you may wish to consider. The views expressed on the site are not intended to constitute advice in relation to any specific case and readers should not rely on them as such.We accept no responsibility for the accuracy of our information or the use to which it is put.This site contains links to other websites. We have included these links, because we believe the information contained in them may be of interest to visitors to the site. Christian Relief Services does not endorse these websites and does not necessarily accept or agree with their content. Moreover, we do not monitor these websites and have no control over their content.Users should take this into account and we accept no responsibility for their content. Christian Relief Services is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any website which is linked to the site.The information on the site is available to anyone, subject to copyright and the necessary credits to Christian Relief Services and the individual authors. We make every attempt to ensure its accuracy and the content of the site is based on our best judgment. However, it will not be appropriate for every person and/or organization in all circumstances.6. Notification of ChangesWe reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this web site and any other places we may deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify our patrons in the most reasonable way possible. Visitors are always able to contact us.If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our services, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate your information as follows:Email: To correct, update, delete or deactivate your information or unsubscribe from our e-mail correspondence, send an e-mail to info@christianrelief.org.US Mail: To change your address, suppress your name from our mailing list (for paper correspondence) or to opt-out of third-party mail, send a letter to:Christian Relief Services8301 Richmond Highway, Suite 900Alexandria, VA 22309Phone: To change your address, suppress your name from our mailing list (for paper correspondence) or to opt-out of third-party mail, you can call:703-317-90861-800-33-RELIEF7. Security/Data Integrity Protection MeasuresThe security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), we encrypt that information using standard encryption technology. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Confidentiality of sensitive information is preserved by complying with the accepted Standards and Operational Policies set forth by this Organization. All staff are trained in our Privacy Policy and have access to personal user information on a strictly “need to know” basis. Our web site is run with a secure server. Therefore, ALL donations made on the web site are processed within the same secure environment.