http://www.thetablet.co.uk/other/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Customer Privacy & Cookies Policy (Updated 18 November 2018)
At The Tablet Publishing Company we collect different types of information about our users for five main reasons:
to provide subscription services.
To provide personalised services unique to individual users.
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer.
To sell advertising space on the site.
If we have permission from the user, or where otherwise allowed by law, to market services to them.
There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide. Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites.
Please follow the links below for further information.
Our principles
Registration
Use of children’s data
Lawful basis
Updating your personal information
Subject access requests
Use of Cookies
About our advertising
Changes to the privacy policy
Our principles
We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately. This means:
we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information; and
we make sure that when we ask another organisation to provide a service for us, they have appropriate security measures.
We will respect your privacy. You should receive marketing (whether by email, post, SMS or telephone) only from us or organisations contracted by us to provide subscription or customer services. We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices, for example, we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing and you can change your preferences if you no longer want to receive it. However, we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration, your subscription account or postings, for example, with reminders, warnings or copyright requests.
We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so, such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions or for providing our e-newsletter.
We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it.
We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely.
Our site is accessible via the internet. This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website, for example, comments about an article.
If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area (EEA), it will only be done with the relevant protection (stated under UK law) being in place.
What information do we collect?
We collect information on you:
when you register on the website, register to receive our e-newsletter, become a subscriber or become a Friend of the Tablet;
when you use the website, through cookies;
if you choose to reveal information in postings; and
when you enter sales promotions and competitions.
How we use your information
We might use your information to:
Remember you when you visit our website, and see how you journey through it by using cookies. We explain what cookies are in Use of Cookies below ;
Identify your interests. We might then put your information in aggregated form into groupings (known as “segments”) by a particular audience, which means we can serve you advertisements and offers that will interest you within the website, including by reference to data we receive from third parties. Please see Use of Cookies for more information about cookies and how we serve you more targeted messaging;
Make sure the products and services we provide to you are correctly administered;
Contact you to let you know about any of our products, services or promotions (which may in some cases be provided by third parties), including by email, mail, telephone, or SMS text message. We will always act having regard to your preferences.
We may also contact you directly via social media in relation to any competitions and/or prize draws you have entered.
Make sure materials on the website or in apps are presented in the most effective way for you and your computer or mobile device;
Collect and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage;
Assess and understand our readers’ feedback and identify usage hot-spots;
If you have subscribed to any of our services, we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on those services unless you have told us otherwise.
Subscriptions are managed on our behalf by a data processor. We know they have appropriate data protection policies and procedures in place to protect your information and will only use it for the purposes for which it was collected. If you want to contact them to hear more about their policies and procedures you can:
Post: The Tablet Subscriptions, CDS Global, Lathkill Street, Market Harborough, Leicestershire, LE16 9EF UK
Email: thetablet@subscription.co.uk
Call: +44 (0)1858 438736
How long do we keep your data?
Subscriber data is held for a period of twelve months after the subscription is lapsed.
e-newsletter subscriber data is deleted within one week of being advised that the recipient has unsubscribed.
Competition entry data is destroyed within twelve months of the closing date.
Registration
The minimum information we need to register you is your name, email address and a password. We will ask you more questions for different services, including sales promotions. Unless we say otherwise, you have to answer all the registration questions.
We may also ask some other, voluntary questions during registration for certain services (for example, professional networks) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are. This also allows us to personalise services for you.
To assist us in our marketing, in addition to the data that you provide to us if you register, we may also obtain data from trusted third parties to help us understand what you might be interested in. This ‘profiling’ information is produced from a variety of sources, including publicly available data (such as the electoral roll) or from sources such as surveys and polls where you have given your permission for your data to be shared. You can choose not to have such data shared with the Tablet from these sources by logging into your account and changing the settings in the privacy section.
After you have registered, and with your permission, we may send you emails we think may interest you. Newsletters may be personalised based on what you have been reading on thetablet.co.uk. At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to ‘unsubscribe’.
Use of children’s data
Children
We never knowingly collect data for children under the age of 16 and it is your responsibility to advise us if you are providing information for a child under the age of 16.
For customers residing in the Republic of Ireland; We never knowingly use personal data of subscribers under the age of 18 for the purposes of direct marketing, profiling or micro-targeting. It remains your responsibility to advise us if you are providing information for a child under the age of 18.
Lawful basis
Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) states that we must have a lawful basis for processing your data. Our lawful basis for processing personal data is to enable the fulfilment of either print or digital subscriptions and or e-newsletters and the management of subscription renewals and queries.
Updating your personal information (to be created)
We offer a ‘My details’ page (also known as Email Preferences page), where you can update your personal information at any time, and change your marketing preferences. You can get to this page from most pages on the site – simply click on the ‘My details’ link at the top of the screen when you are signed in.
For subscribers we offer a ‘Manage my account’ page where you can update your personal information at any time.
Alternatively, you can contact our customer services team and ask them to update your information.
Post: The Tablet Subscriptions, CDS Global, Lathkill Street, Market Harborough, Leicestershire, LE16 9EF UK
Email: thetablet@subscription.co.uk
Call: +44 (0)1858 438736
Subject access requests
All individuals who are the subject of personal data held by The Tablet Publishing Company or organisations contracted by us to provide subscription or customer services are entitled to:
ask what information the company holds about them and why;
ask how to gain access to it;
be informed how to keep it up to date;
be informed how the company is meeting its data protection obligations.
Subject access request should be addressed to the Data Protection Officer in writing at the following address:
Data Protection OfficerThe Tablet Publishing Company1 King Street CloistersClifton WalkLondonW6 0GYor by email to:ifarrar@thetablet.co.uk
The Data Protection Officer shall provide information on the action taken on a request without undue delay and in any event within one month. This period may be extended by a further two months where necessary taking into account the complexity and number of requests. The Data Protection Officer shall inform the data subject of any such extension within one month of the subject access request along with reasons for the delay.
A request may be refused or charged for if it is deemed to be manifestly unfounded or excessive.
If a request is refused we will inform the individual why and advise them of the possibility of lodging a complaint to the supervising authority and seeking a judicial remedy.
The Data Protection Officer will always verify the identity of anyone making a subject access request before handing over any information.
Who we share data with
Your personal information may be shared with our owner, the Tablet Trust, in respect of the Friends of the Tablet and fundraising.
We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission. If we have your permission, we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully.
We may make other organisations’ services available, through our sites, although we are not necessarily operating these sites. We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy. Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies.
We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users.
Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply. We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards. We may use service providers to help us run these sites (or services available on the sites), some of whom may be based outside the EEA.
Some of our web-pages use plug-ins from other organisations (such as the ‘Facebook Like’ function). These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages. If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us, information they collect may be connected to your account on their site. For more information on how these organisations use information, please read their privacy policies.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. That sounds sinister, but it’s really not. Cookies are harmless. They’re used by most websites nowadays to do a number of things like remembering your preferences, recording what you have put in your shopping basket, and counting the number of people looking at a website.
We may use cookies when you visit our website to check your registration data and help you avoid having to register again on subsequent visits. We will also use personal data collected by cookies, such as your IP address, to analyse usage trends on the website and to administer it. We use an app called Google Analytics, we may also collect cookie data. You can find out more about Google’s privacy policies by visiting: https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/
We may use ‘Flash’ cookies to store your preferences for your media player. If we didn’t, you wouldn’t be able to access some video content. If we need you to enable cookies in order to view something like this, we’ll tell you.
You can clear your cookies in your web browser. On some sites this might limit your ability to use certain services online and mean you see more pop-ups and advertising. But you will still be able to view all our content and it won’t affect what advertising you see on our website.
About our advertising
Our advertisers may embed their advertisements on our website, which means they are hosted on their own site. Please be aware that we cannot accept any responsibility for these other websites. We recommend you contact them directly or review their privacy policies on their site before submitting any personal information.
Legal information and how to contact us
Changes to the privacy policy
Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details. Where required by law, will we obtain your consent to make these changes.
Changes to this policy by date:
November 2018: Policy amended to comply with General Data Protection Regulation
If you don’t feel we’re adhering to this Policy, what should you do?
If you believe that we have not adhered to this policy, please notify us by writing to:
Data Protection OfficerThe Tablet Publishing Company1 King Street CloistersClifton WalkLondonW6 0GYor by email to:ifarrar@thetablet.co.uk
ABOUT COOKIES ON THIS SITE
By continuing your visit on this website, you agree to the use of cookies to give you the very best browsing experience and to collect statistics on page visits. To find out more and to change your
cookie settings click here.