https://www.homelesspets.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here:
HomePrivacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we have this notice available on our website explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected or used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the HOPE website or on paper forms.  The types of information collected include:  Name, Address, Email Address, Phone Numbers and sometimes Age.  On some of our forms you can also submit information about other people as your References.  Normally this is limited to Name, Relationship and Contact Information.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide yourself to ensure you will be a responsible pet Foster, Adopter or Volunteer.  The data is also used to contact people regarding possible donations, annual memberships and group events. We do not share this information with outside parties.  Within HOPE the information is available to a limited number of Officers and Volunteers who need it for group operations.
The information you provide about your References is maintained on the form you provide and is not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have in place appropriate physical, electronic and operational procedures to secure the information we collect.
Your Control Over Information:
When we collect Phone Numbers, Addresses and Email Addresses, you will have the opportunity to request that one or more of these methods not be used for future contacts with you.  For example, you can designate that your business phone not be used by HOPE as your primary contact phone.
How to Contact Us:
Should you have any questions or concerns about privacy policies, please email us at HOPE@homelesspets.net.
Copyrights 2013 - HOPE Homeless & Orphaned Pets Endeavor - All Rights Reserved
Privacy PolicyAcceptable Use Policy
Developed By: