http://www.davidpaulwhite.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | White & Matern, PLLC
Salt Lake City801-266-4114St. George801-266-4185Murray801-266-4185
699 East South Temple Suite 215 Salt Lake City, UT 84102
141 East 5600 South, Suite 209 Murray, UT 84107
Menu
Home
Firm Overview
Criminal Defense Attorney
Daniel C. Matern
David Paul White Of Counsel
Practice Areas
Criminal Defense Attorney
Cruelty To Animals Defense
Disorderly Conduct Attorney
Drug Crimes Lawyer
DUI Attorney
Gun Charges Lawyer
Hate Crimes
Internet Crimes Attorney
Juvenile Crimes Lawyer
Kidnapping Attorney
Probation & Parole Violations Attorney
Resisting Arrest Lawyer
Sex Crimes Attorney
Theft Crimes Lawyer
Violent Crimes Attorney
White Collar Crimes
Articles
Locations
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) for the website davidpaulwhite.com (at www.davidpaulwhite.com) (the “Site”). davidpaulwhite.com respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Website only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at davidpaulwhite.com’s Website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully because by visiting and using the Site, you agree to its terms. This Privacy Policy applies only to this davidpaulwhite.com website, and not to other websites.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any significant changes by posting a notice on all Privacy Policy links. If you see a notice of change, please check the Privacy Policy because your continued use of the Site after we post the change means you have agreed to the new terms.
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR DATA
davidpaulwhite.com collects information through our Website at several points. davidpaulwhite.com does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information. We collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: IP Address, Browser Version.
We collect this information through registration forms, click tracking, automatic logging files, etc. Other information we request is optional. We use cookies to allow you to move quickly through our Site, to recognize repeat visitors, and to allow you to take advantage of some of our Site’s special features. We also use cookies to collect Site usage information, estimate our total audience size and traffic, and help us improve our Site’s experiences by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to users. Some of the cookies that you may receive during your sessions here are from third-party service providers.
A cookie is a string of information that is sent by a website and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. Cookies are small files and won’t pose any significant disk space concerns. You can turn off the ability to receive any of these cookies by adjusting the browser in your computer. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. Without cookies you can visit our Site and review some of its content, but you will not be able to use any of the products or services that require you to sign in.
We also use clear GIFs, Web beacons, and other tracking devices to follow visitor usage of our site. The data collected through these mechanisms is anonymous, and we do not link it to the personal data you may provide us.
SHARING YOUR DATA
The information collected by davidpaulwhite.com will be used for improving our site and marketing. Users who provide information may receive email announcements and advertisements about site services. Registered users will receive additional announcements from us about services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to opt out of these types of communications.
The information we collect will not be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We will not supplement information collected at our Website with data from other sources. We will not share data with third parties. We offer links to other Websites. Please note: When you click on links to other Websites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours.
If our policy on information collection or uses changes, we will advise you by posting a new privacy policy.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
davidpaulwhite.com maintains the accuracy of our information by verifying emails and weekly database updates. Users may access their own personal information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find.
SECURITY
The personal data we collect about you is stored in limited-access servers behind a firewall. We will maintain safeguards to protect the security of these servers and your personal data. However, no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that such information will never be accessed, used, or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy.
Contact Form
Send Message