http://www.cmglaw.com/terms
info@cmglaw.com
(206) 443-8600
Facebook
CONTACT
TERMS AND CONDITIONSHome | TermsBy accessing or using this website in any way, including, without limitation, use of any of the Services, downloading of any Materials, or merely browsing the Site, you agree to and are bound by the following Terms of Use:DisclaimerChemnick | Moen | Greenstreet (“CMG”) makes this website, including all information, documents, photographs, graphics, and other materials available through this website and all services operated by CMG and third parties through this website, available to the general public for informational purposes only. The information on this site is not intended to convey legal opinions or legal advice. Legal cases and matters are, by their nature, very fact specific. Each case is decided according to its facts. No one should act upon the information contained in this site without first consulting with a competent attorney.Viewing this web site or contacting CMG via email or telephone does not create an attorney/client relationship. An attorney/client relationship can only be established after a conflict of interest evaluation is completed, an initial consultation has been conducted, your case is accepted, and a fee agreement is established and signed. Please note that you are not considered a client until you have signed a fee agreement and your case has been accepted by an attorney on behalf of CMG.The CMG web site may contain links to sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties (“External Sites”). You acknowledge that CMG is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any External Sites. CMG is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by CMG of the siteCopyright NoticeYou acknowledge that this web site contains information, documents, photographs, graphics, and other materials (collectively, “Content”) that are protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of CMG or third parties. All Content on the web site is copyrighted as a collective work of CMG pursuant to applicable copyright law. Users of the web site may use the Content only for their personal, non-commercial use.Privacy PolicyAny information you provide through email addresses as set forth in this site is only used internally by CMG to perform a conflict of interest check, which is done to prevent communication with opposing parties in the same or similar matter. Names or other personally identifiable information will not be published by CMG except as it relates to its obvious intended use (a letter of endorsement, for example).We will not SELL, TRADE, GIVE, SHARE or SHOW any information provided to us by our visitors and/or clients, to anyone outside of CMG. (We will only surrender information if forced to do so by an authoritative court or government entity).Currently, our site does not use “Cookies”, or any other form of tracking with the following exceptions: Page Counters and/or Web Server Statistics. Cookies are small text files a web domain (or web site) can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs, and as such have no capability of harming a user’s system and/or damaging a user’s files.The policies set forth above are designed to protect the privacy of our visitors and clients. If our privacy policy ever changes, we will post the new policy here. In no case will information be transmitted outside of CMG unless we are forced to do so by an authoritative court or government entity.Accessibility StatementCMG is committed to and is making every possible effort to ensure that our website, and the information that we provide on this website, is accessible to people with disabilities. As a result, this website has been built to provide maximum accessibility and usability to its visitors. The underlying technologies employed comply with the industry standards as set forth by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). All pages use valid CSS for presentation and the content is semantically structured with valid HTML5 markup.For further information regarding web accessibility, please visit the pages listed below:Section 508: The Road to AccessibilityWeb Accessibility Initiative (WAI) Home PageCall for a free consultation — (206) 443-8600
115 NE 100th StreetSuite 220Seattle, WA 98125
(206) 443-8600
info@cmglaw.com
Sunday Closed Monday 8:00 AM–5:30 PM Tuesday 8:00 AM–5:30 PM Wednesday 8:00 AM–5:30 PM Thursday 8:00 AM–5:30 PM Friday 8:00 AM–5:30 PM Saturday Closed