http://www.donorperfect.com/company/privacy-policy/
At SofterWare, we are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy statement provides you with information regarding our information gathering and usage practices for our websites and services.
Your Personal Information
SofterWare and its websites, including those operating at SofterWare.com, DonorPerfect.com, DonorPerfect.net, EZCareSoftware.com, and ReadySetAuction.com offer several opportunities for visitors to register for promotional and informational mailings, and to receive assistance in evaluating our software and services. We do not collect any personal information about visitors to our websites unless they choose to provide it voluntarily. We define “personal information” as information that personally identifies an individual or allows us to contact you. Such information might include a phone number, name or email address.
We also provide online tools that our customers use to operate aspects of their business or organization for purposes of fundraising, customer relationship management, childcare centers or camp operations, online donation and auction services, and social engagement among others. In providing these tools, SofterWare processes data our customers or their constituents submit to our services, or instruct us to process on their behalf. While SofterWare’s customers or their constituents decide what data to submit, it typically includes information about their constituents, donations, and contact information.
Information submitted to us is only available to employees for purposes of contacting customers, sending materials based on their requests for information, providing news and relevant information about our company, or supporting our products and services that our customers utilize. We also use this information to help us determine their needs related to our software solutions.
Users may opt out of receiving future mailings at any time by sending an email to info@softerware.com.
We Operate in the United States
We have servers and offices located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we adhere to the United States / European Union Privacy Shield Arrangement. You can find more information on the Privacy Shield program by visiting https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
By using our Websites, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy and the “EU-US Privacy Shield Information” section listed below.
Sharing and Usage
SofterWare will not sell, share, rent, or disclose your personal information without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. We occasionally contract with other companies to provide limited services on our behalf for the purposes of providing and improving our services, or serving you better. Examples of such services might include (but are not limited to) mailing services, data de-duplication services and address verification services. We will provide those companies only the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
IP Information Tracked
We use your IP address to administer our web site, help diagnose problems with our servers, and to identify the general geographic region of the device in order to provide the most efficient service capacity to that region. An IP address is a unique identifier used by devices to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. We track browser types and versions to help us understand our visitors’ needs related to our web site design.
We currently do not process Do Not Track signals sent by your Internet browser because a universal technology standard has not yet been fully established.
Cookies
Cookies are small alphanumeric identifiers created by your browser on your system when you visit a website. They do not gather or provide personally identifiable information. We use cookies to enable our systems to recognize your browser and ensure a fluid, secure, and consistent user experience. Client-side cookies store preferences, identify where you are in a process, help to prevent you from entering information repeatedly, and provide page usage statistics in order for us to provide an optimal experience. We also use cookies to track and measure the success of our website and marketing campaigns in meeting your informational needs. Additionally, visitors that entered our sites by responding to a Google Adwords Advertisement may be associated with a site conversion in Google’s advertising tracking tool. If a user rejects the cookie, he may still use our site; however, the user’s access to some areas or functionality
within our website may be limited.
Security
We take the security of our systems very seriously and take appropriate measures to ensure it remains safe. While no website can guarantee security, we maintain appropriate technical and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. SofterWare, Inc. takes care to reinforce the importance of our web site visitors’ security and privacy among our employees.
Choice/Opt-out
You may opt in and opt out of receiving communications from us by sending an e-mail to info@softerware.com.
Notification of Changes
We will post any changes to this privacy statement on www.softerware.com/privacy-policy.
EU-US Privacy Shield Information
For more information on the EU-US Privacy Shield program, or to view a list of of participating companies, visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome.
SofterWare Privacy Shield Notice
SofterWare, Inc. and all of its controlled U.S. subsidiaries (“SofterWare”) are committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our websites, including those located at SofterWare.com, DonorPerfect.com, DonorPerfect.net, EZCareSoftware.com, and ReadySetAuction.com.
SofterWare complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. SofterWare has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
SofterWare’s participation in the Privacy Shield applies to all personal data that is subject to the Privacy Shield Principles and is received from the European Union. SofterWare will comply with the Privacy Shield Principles in respect of such personal data.
For purposes of this Notice, “Personal Data” means information that (i) is transferred from the EU to the United States, (ii) is recorded in any form, (iii) is about, or relates to, an identified or identifiable consumer, customer, supplier or other individual, and (iv) can be linked to that consumer, customer supplier or other individual. This Notice outlines our general policy and practices for implementing the Privacy Shield principles for Personal Data.
Privacy Shield Principles
SofterWare’s practices regarding the collection, storage, transfer, use and other processing of Personal Data comply with the Privacy Shield principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, access, security, data integrity, and enforcement and oversight.
Notice
We notify our consumers, customers, suppliers and others located in the EU about the purposes for which we collect and use Personal Data, the types of third parties to which we disclose the information, the choices consumers, customers, suppliers and others have for limiting the use and disclosure of their information, and how to contact us about our practices concerning Personal Data.
When we receive Personal Data from our customers, affiliates or other entities in the EU we will use and disclose such information in accordance with the notices provided by such entities and the choices made by the individuals to whom such Personal Data relates.
Purpose of Collection and Use of Personal Data
SofterWare collects certain Personal Data such as name, email address, postal address and telephone number. We do not collect sensitive Personal Data of consumers, customers or suppliers, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or other sensitive information as defined by the Privacy Shield framework.
We use Personal Data of consumers, customers, suppliers and others (i) to respond to their requests, (ii) to evaluate the quality of our products and services, (iii) to communicate with them about our products, services and related issues, (iv) to notify them of and administer offers and
promotions, (v) for internal administrative and analytics purposes, and (vi) to comply with our legal obligations, policies and procedures.
Choice
SofterWare shares Personal Data with its service providers. With respect to Personal Data we share with other third parties, we provide consumers, customers, suppliers and others located in the EU with an opportunity to opt-out of such sharing. You can opt-out by sending an email to legal@softerware.com. We do not use Personal Data for purposes incompatible with the purposes for which the information was originally collected without notifying the relevant consumers, customers, suppliers and others of such uses and offering an opportunity to opt-out.
In addition, we may disclose Personal Data (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials based on an enforceable governmental request or as may be required under applicable law, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Onward Transfer of Personal Data
We may share Personal Data with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. We now require service providers to whom we disclose Personal Data and who are not subject to laws based on the European Union Data Protection Directive to either subscribe to the Privacy Shield principles or agree to provide at least the same level of protection for Personal Data as is required by the relevant Privacy Shield principles. If the third party does not comply with its privacy obligations, SofterWare will take commercially reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure of Personal Data. In the context of an onward transfer, SofterWare has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. SofterWare shall remain liable under the Principles if its agents that it engages to process such personal information do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless SofterWare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Access to Personal Data
SofterWare provides consumers, customers, suppliers and others with reasonable access to the Personal Data maintained about them. We also provide a reasonable opportunity to correct, amend or delete that information where it is inaccurate. We may limit or deny access to Personal Data where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by the Privacy Shield principles. To obtain access to Personal Data, consumers, customers, suppliers and others may contact SofterWare as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Policy.
Security
SofterWare maintains reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity
SofterWare takes reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Data collected by SofterWare is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used and that the information is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current. We depend on our consumers, customers, suppliers and others to update or correct their Personal Data whenever necessary.
Your Rights to Access, to Limit Use, and to Limit Disclosure
EU individuals have rights to access personal data about them, and to limit use and disclosure of their personal data. With our Privacy Shield certification, SofterWare has committed to respect those rights. Because in some circumstances SofterWare personnel have limited ability to access data our customers submit to our services, if you wish to request access, to limit use, or to limit disclosure, please provide the name of the SofterWare customer who submitted your data to our services. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request.
Compelled Disclosure
SofterWare may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Inquiries and Complaints
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, SofterWare commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact SofterWare at legal@softerware.com or at the mailing address shown below.
SofterWare
Attention: Law Department
601 Office Center Dr, Suite 200, Fort Washington, PA
19034
USA
SofterWare will respond within 45 days. If we fail to respond within that time, or if our response does not address your concern, you may contact ICDR/AAA (https://www.icdr.org), which provides an independent third-party dispute resolution body based in the United States. The services of ICDR/AAA are provided at no cost to you. If neither SofterWare nor ICDR/AAA resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel. Also, SofterWare’s commitments under the Privacy Shield are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission.
How to Contact Us
You may address any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Shield Policy or our practices concerning Personal Data by:
Contacting us through our website: Click here, or
Writing to:
SofterWare
Attention: Law Department
601 Office Center Dr, Suite 200, Fort Washington, PA
19034
USA
Amendment
The SofterWare Privacy Shield Notice may be amended from time-to-time in compliance with the requirements of the Privacy Shield principles. Appropriate notice will be given concerning such amendments.
This Privacy Shield Notice is effective as of April 2nd, 2017
Back to Top
Firefox Notice
For the best user experience, ensure that enhanced tracking protection is OFF for this site.
Click the purple shield to the left of the browser address bar.
Toggle Enhanced Tracking Protection to the OFF position.
When finished, your browser bar should appear like this:
OK
See Instructions