http://www.clan-graham-association.org.uk/privacy-policy/
The provider and responsible body in the sense of the Data Protection Act is deposited in the imprint of this website. The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or eMail addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on freiwilliger basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible. The use of contact data published in the context of the imprint obligation by third parties for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby expressly excluded. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails.
Area of Application
With this privacy policy, users receive information about the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and use of their data collected and used by the responsible provider. The legal framework for data protection is the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG).
Collecting General Information
With each access to this offer, information is automatically collected by us or the web space provider. This information, also known as server log files, is general in nature and does not allow any conclusions to be drawn. Included are: name of the website, file, date, amount of data, web browser and web browser version, operating system, the domain name of your Internet provider, the so-called Referrer URL (the page from which you accessed our offer) and the IP address.
Without this data, it would not be technically possible to deliver and display the contents of the website. In this respect, the collection of data is imperative. In addition, we use the anonymous information for statistical purposes. They help us to optimize the offer and the technology. In addition, we reserve the right to subsequently inspect the log files in case of suspected illegal use of our offer.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. These are small text files that your web browser stores on your device. Cookies help us make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Some cookies are “session cookies.” Such cookies are automatically deleted after the end of your browser session. On the other hand, other cookies remain on your device until you delete them yourself. Such cookies help us to recognize you when you return to our website.
With a modern web browser, you can monitor, restrict or prevent the setting of cookies. Many web browsers can be configured to automatically delete cookies when the program is closed. The deactivation of cookies may result in limited functionality of our website.
The setting of cookies, which are necessary for the performance of electronic communication processes or the provision of certain functions desired by you (for example shopping cart), takes place on the basis of Art. 6 para. f DSGVO. As the operator of this website, we have a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically flawless and smooth provision of our services. If other cookies are set (eg for analysis functions), they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
SSL or TLS Encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send to us as a site operator, our website may use an SSL or. TLS encryption. Thus, data that you submit via this website, for others not readable. You will recognize an encrypted connection at the “https: //” address bar of your browser and at the lock icon in the browser bar.
Server-Log-Files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
• Browser type and browser version
• used operating system
• Referrer URL
• Host name of the accessing computer
• Time of the server request
• Amount of data sent in bytes
• IP address (possibly in anonymous form)
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use.
There is no merge of this data with other data sources. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures.
Privacy Policy for the use of Facebook Plugins (Like-Button)
On our pages plugins of the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the “Like-Button” (“Like”) on our site. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
When you visit our pages, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook “Like-Button” while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Facebook profile. As a result, Facebook can assign the visit to our pages to your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the data transmitted and their use by Facebook. For more information, see the Facebook Privacy Policy at https://facebook.com/policy.php.
If you do not wish Facebook to associate your visit to our pages with your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
Privacy Policy for the use of Twitter
Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our sites. These features are available through Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and shared with other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter. For more information, see the Twitter Privacy Policy at https://twitter.com/privacy .
You can change your privacy settings on Twitter in the account settings at: https://twitter.com/account/settings.
Privacy Policy for the use of Google+
Our pages use features of Google+. Provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Collect and share information: Use the Google + button to post information worldwide. The Google + button will provide you and other users with personalized content from Google and our partners. Google stores both the information that you + 1’d for a piece of content and information about the page you viewed when you clicked +1. Your + 1’s may appear alongside your profile name and photo in Google services, such as search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and ads on the web.
Google records information about your + 1 activity to improve Google’s services to you and others. To use the Google + button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name will be used in all Google services. In some cases, this name may also replace a different name you used when sharing content through your Google Account. The identity of your Google Profile may be displayed to users who know your email address or have other identifying information from you.
Use of the information collected: In addition to the uses outlined above, the information you provide will be used in accordance with the applicable Google privacy policy. Google may publish summarized statistics about users’ + 1 activity or share it with users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or affiliate websites.
Privacy Policy for the use of Instagram
Functions of the service Instagram are integrated on our sides. These features are provided by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, United States. If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking on the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages do not receive knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Instagram. For more information, see the Instagram Privacy Policy: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Privacy Policy for the use of LinkedIn
Our website uses features of the LinkedIn network. Providers is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. Each time you visit one of our pages that contains LinkedIn features, it will connect to LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click LinkedIn’s “Recommend Button” and you’re logged in to LinkedIn, LinkedIn will be able to associate your visit to our website with you and your user account.We point out that as the provider of the pages, we are not aware of the For details, please see the LinkedIn privacy statement at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy for the use of Pinterest
On our site, we use social plugins from the Pinterest social network operated by Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103-490, USA (“Pinterest”) If you visit a page that contains such a plugin , your browser connects directly to the servers of Pinterest, which transmits log data to the Pinterest server in the US This log data may include your IP address, the address of the visited Web sites that also contain Pinterest features, Type and settings of the browser, date and time of the request, how you use Pinterest and cookies.For more information on the purpose, scope and further processing and use of data by Pinterest and your rights and opportunities to protect your privacy, see the privacy policy from Pinterest: https://about.pinterest.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy for the use of Google Web Fonts
This site uses so-called web fonts, provided by Google, for the uniform representation of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be used by your computer. More information about Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq  and in Google’s Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Privacy Policy for the use of YouTube
For integration and presentation of video content, our website uses plugins from YouTube. Provider of the video portal is the YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit a page with an integrated YouTube plug-in, it will connect to YouTube’s servers. YouTube will find out which of our sites you’ve visited. YouTube may associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile should you be logged into your YouTube account. By logging out beforehand you have the option to prevent this. The use of YouTube is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. For details on how to handle user data, please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
Amazon Affiliate Program
As the operator of this website, we participate in the Amazon EU Partner Program. Ads from Amazon and links to Amazon are included on our sites to earn money through advertising reimbursements. Amazon cookies are used, which Amazon recognizes that you have clicked on a partner link on our website.
The storage of “Amazon cookies” is based on Art. 6 lit. f DSGVO. As a website operator, we have a legitimate interest, since only through the cookies, the amount of advertising reimbursement can be determined.
For details on data usage by Amazon, see the Amazon Privacy Policy: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496
Commentary on this Webseite
In addition to your comment, the comment function on this page will also contain information about when the comment was created, your e-mail address and, if you do not post anonymously, the username you selected.
Storage of the IP address
Our comment function stores the IP addresses of the users who write comments. Since we do not check comments on our site before activation, we need this information in order to be able to act against the author in case of infringements such as insults or propaganda.
Subscribe to comments
As a user of the page you can subscribe to comments after registering. You will receive a confirmation email to verify that you are the owner of the given email address. You can unsubscribe from this function at any time via a link in the info mails.
Duration of posts and comments
Posts and comments and related data, such as IP addresses, are stored. The content remains on our website until it has been completely deleted or deleted for legal reasons.
The contributions and comments are stored on the basis of your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR). A revocation of your already given consent is possible at any time. For the revocation is sufficient an informal message by e-mail. The legality of already completed data processing operations remains unaffected by the revocation.
Integration of Services and Contents of Third Parties
Our offer sometimes includes content, services and services of other providers. These are, for example, maps provided by Google Maps, videos from YouTube as well as graphics and images from other websites. In order for these data to be accessed and displayed in the user’s browser, the transmission of the IP address is absolutely necessary. The providers (hereinafter referred to as “third-party provider”) thus perceive the IP address of the respective user.
Although we endeavor to use only third-party providers who only need the IP address to deliver content, we have no control over whether the IP address may be stored. This process is used in the case, inter alia, statistical purposes. If we are aware that the IP address is being stored, we will inform our users.
Privacy Policy for the use of Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. Provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
For more information on how to handle user data on Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Browser plugin
You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. In addition, you may prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Opposition to data collection
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site:
Order processing
We have entered into a contract data processing agreement with Google and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
IP anonymization
We use the function “activation of IP anonymization” on this website. As a result, your IP address will be truncated by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
Revocation of your Consent to Data Processing
Only with your express consent are some processes of data processing possible. A revocation of your already given consent is possible at any time. For the revocation is sufficient an informal message by e-mail. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right to Complain to the Competent Authority
As the person affected, in the event of a breach of data protection law, you have a right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority. The competent supervisory authority with regard to data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which the headquarters of our company is located.
Right to Data Portability
You have the right to have data that we process on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically to you or to third parties. The provision is made in a machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another person in charge, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
Data Minimization
Personal data is stored according to the principles of data avoidance and data economy only as long as required or required by law (legal storage period). If the purpose of the information collected is omitted or the storage period ends, we block or delete the data.
Change of our Privacy Policy
In order to ensure that our privacy policy always complies with current legal requirements, we reserve the right to make changes at any time. This also applies in the event that the privacy policy has to be adapted due to new or revised services, for example new services. The new privacy policy will then take effect on your next visit to our offer.
Right to access, rectification, blocking, erasure
You have the right at any time within the scope of the applicable legal provisions to provide free information about your stored personal data, source of the data, their recipients and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correct, block or delete this data. In this regard and also to further questions on the subject of personal data, you can always contact us via the contact options listed in the imprint. To be able to consider a data lock at any time, it is necessary to keep the data in a lock file for control purposes. If there is no statutory filing requirement, you can also request the deletion of the data. Otherwise we will block the data if you so desire.
Search
Categories
Association
History
Soccer
Sports
Recent PostsTriple pack against ex-club: Hofmann makes Gladbach dreamOctober 31, 2018Koch spits Hertha into the soupOctober 31, 2018Tired 0:0 against Bochum: HSV fails in ascent raceOctober 31, 2018How to identify a good genealogy associationJuly 16, 2018Here are 3 benefits of genealogyJuly 11, 2018Advertisements