http://www.freshpatents.com/terms/
FREE patent keyword monitoring and additional FREE benefits.
REGISTER now for FREE
FreshPatents.com Terms and Conditions
Freshpatents.com and FreshContext LLC provide public domain information, publically published patent data and our proprietary software tools to help our website visitor ("USER") research, organize and view that data on our website.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The information ("Information") accessible by you ("USER") using FRESHPATENTS.com has many sources that are not
controlled by FRESHPATENTS.com (referred to as either FRESHPATENTS.COM or FRESHPATENTS or FreshContext LLC) and/or its licensors
(collectively " FRESHPATENTS or FreshContext LLC
"). "Service" refers to a software feature, newsletter or published media offered by Freshpatents.com to the user.
USER's Duty:
USER shall 1) Determine whether the Information complies with USER's needs; 2) Determine whether USER has adequate
legal rights to store, reproduce or otherwise make use of Information in the manner contemplated by USER; 3) Comply
with any legal obligations, including but not limited to, obligations imposed by copyright, secrecy, defamation,
decency, and export laws, and notify FreshPatents.com at the Support link at the bottom of this page of any possible legal issues; and 4) Isolate Information, execute anti-contamination software and otherwise take steps to
ensure that Information, if contaminated or infected, will not damage USER's information or system. (5) User agress that this terms notice may be updated at FreshContext LLC or Freshpatents.com discretion without notice and the user will abide by all terms listed here, applicable laws for their location and any new updates to these terms when visiting the Freshpatents.com website.
INFORMATION Not Warranted Or Guaranteed In Any Way
FRESHPATENTS.com (FRESHPATENTS) IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. FRESHPATENTS MAKES NO WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH
RESPECT TO FRESHPATENTS OR ANY 'INFORMATION'.
FRESHPATENTS .com & FreshContext LLC does not warrant or guarantee 1) the accuracy, adequacy, quality,
currentness,validity, completeness, or suitability of any Information for any purpose; 2) that any Information will be
free of infection by viruses, or anything else manifesting contaminating or destructive properties; 3) that the
Information will not contain adult-oriented material, or material which some individuals may deem objectionable; or 4)
that the functions or services performed by FRESHPATENTS.com will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in
FRESHPATENTS.com will be corrected.
Freshpatents.com and FreshContext LLC provide online services offering the transmission, routing, or providing of connections for digital online communications, between or among points specified by a user, of material of the user's choosing, without modification to the content of the material as sent or received. If the User believes there is information on our website that is published in error, the User agrees to notify our staff at the appropriate contact link provided at the bottom of this terms page.
TERMINATION
You agree that FRESHPATENTS.com and FreshContext LLC, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, FRESHPATENTS.com content pages
such as your image pages, use of the Service or use of any other FRESHPATENTS.com service, and remove and discard any
Content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if FRESHPATENTS.com
believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOS (Terms of Service).
FRESHPATENTS.com may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part
thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of
this TOS may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that FRESHPATENTS.com may immediately
deactivate or delete your FRESHPATENTS.com content pages and all related information and files related to your
FRESHPATENTS.com content pages and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that
FRESHPATENTS.com
and FreshContext LLC shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service. These terms outlined on this page may change without notice and will be binding on all users regardless date of agreement.
Website Visitor PRIVACY POLICY
FRESHPATENTS.com and FreshContext LLC is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no personal information (ie. private information not otherwise publically available) about you from merely visiting and browsing our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Note that if you have a published patent application with your name/location listed publically as agent or inventor, that data is considered public, non-personal, non-private information and name and location (as stated in the application) may be displayed on our site as part of the patent datafeed published/disseminated for public domain use by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. However, this bibliographic data will not be correlated in any way with your browsing and visiting our site as a FreshPatents.com visitor or member.
FRESPHPATENTS.COM and FreshContext LLC's 3rd party advertisers may use cookies (delivered from their servers/service) to better tailor advertsing to the user. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
For example, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the FreshPatents.com website. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to FreshContext LLC sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
If you simply browse our Web site:
When you visit FRESHPATENTS.com. to browse information it contains, you do so anonymously unless you choose to provide
us information about yourself. If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site- ^Óreading pages,
viewing photographs, or downloading information for example we will gather and store certain information about your
visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. If you have published patent applications with your name/location as agent or inventor then that data is considered public, non-personal information and may exist on our website as part of the public domain USPTO data displayed. However, no personally identifiable data related to your web browsing activities on our site will be displayed.
Information gathered automatically is used for site management and features and, in the case of suspected
unauthorized activity, for law enforcement and possible civil or criminal prosecution (see Security Notice).
The FRESHPATENTS.com site automatically logs visitor information from which summary statistics are created. We use the
summary statistics to help us make our site more useful to visitors, such as assessing what information is of most and
least interest to visitors, and for other purposes such as determining the site's technical design specifications and
identifying system performance or problem areas.
The following are representative of the types of information automatically collected and stored about your visit:
the Internet domain and Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you access our Web site; the type of Internet
browser and the operating system of the computer you use to access our site; the date and time you visit our site;
the pages you visit on our site;
if you linked to our Web site from another Web site, the address of that Web site;
and, if you linked to our Web site from a search Web site, the address of that Web site and the search term you used.
Website email newsletter. All registered users may receive a newsletter by email detailing the latest website
features, changes updates and other services outlined in either the website or email newsletter.
If You subscribe to additional FRESHPATENTS.com Newsletters or services: If you choose to provide us with your e-mail address to subscribe to the FRESHPATENTS.com service, we will use that information only to send you e-mail applicable information and/or notices of updates to our Web site.
If you choose to subscribe to the FRESHPATENTS.com service, we will collect your e-mail address by an automated
process.
We do not collect your e-mail address for any purpose other than to provide the
notices you have requested.
We will not share your e-mail address with any third party, other than as described below in our Security notice,
unless you have expressly given permission or due to a change of list or website ownership. Public data available with name/city/state/country of inventors/agents/authors of patent applications as published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for the general public may still be displayed on our web site and may be utilized and received from the USPTO or third parties.
Periodically, we will validate e-mail addresses; any that are found to be inactive may be purged from our mailing
list or sent additional emails to inquire as to status.
Freshpatents and FreshContext LLC may send emails to the user regarding site announcements, technical notices and other information deemed relevant to registered users. If the user has signed up for Keyword Monitoring service or another FreshPatents.com service the user may receive an email from Freshpatents.com on a regular basis. After a user signs up for a service a default email on a regular basis may be sent for a the particular service unless the service is unsubscribed. Since Freshpatents.com has agreed to allow the user adequate provisions to unsubscribe to all service emails and deactivate membership, the user agrees all emails sent for this purpose are authorized. FreshPatents.com will not sell a user's private email address information to a third party in an identifiable way without a users consent to receive third party mailings except in the case of change of ownership of Freshpatents.com. Freshpatents.com may aggregate certain information to help advertisers target certain demographics or niches. If you wish to unsubscribe to our Keyword Monitoring Servive emails, you may do so by following the instructions in the Keyword Monitoring email. If you wish to completely be removed as a member you will have to log in to your user account and follow the applicable instructions in your user area. If there are any problems related to this you will have to email Support at the link at the bottom of this terms page.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, we can be contacted at the link provided at the bottom of this page.
NO FRESHPATENTS and FreshContext LLC Liability
In no event shall FRESHPATENTS and FreshContext LLC be liable to anyone for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or
omissions with respect to the Information or the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof, for any damage
arising there from or occasioned thereby, or for the results obtained from the use of the Information. FRESHPATENTS
will not be responsible if any Information infects or contaminates a USER's system or information or for security breaches. The entire risk as
to the quality and performance of FRESHPATENTS and the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, currentness, validity and
quality of any Information is with the user. IN NO EVENT WILL FRESHPATENTS and FreshContext LLC BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY (I) FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE), OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
AVAILABILITY, USE, RELIANCE ON, OR INABILITY TO USE FRESHPATENTS OR ANY 'INFORMATION', EVEN IF FRESHPATENTS SHALL HAVE
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR
OTHERWISE; OR (II) FOR ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN, OR DESTRUCTIVE
PROPERTIES OF ANY 'INFORMATION'. FRESHPATENTS.COM SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR SECURITY BREACHES WHICH MAY COMPROMISE PRIVATE INFORMATION.
Patent data displayed is public domain data from the United States Patent and Trademark Office and is in the public domain pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 105. Trademarks embedded within patents and applications are retained by their owners. Patent information on this site is clearly marked and identified pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 403: the USPTO patent supplied information includes patent number,class categories,dates,title,abstract,agent and inventor/s,locations,full description and claims for each patent. FreshPatents.com may add hyperlinks and navigational features to the page to make it easier to navigate related patents such as by agent,inventor,location,patent type. Design, layout and Freshpatents.com logos and icons,website user/member published data and other info outside of the USPTO data stated above are copyright 2004-2008 FreshContext LLC unless otherwise noted. Accompanying contextual advertising related to patents is labeled "Ads by (our marketing partner)". See: Example FreshPatents.com page
Security Policy and Security Notice
FreshContext LLC and FRESHPATENTS.com may prosecute and/or file civil suit to recover any damages or losses incurred due to unauthorized or
illegal activity or violation of the TOS (this terms of service document) on our servers or network. This security
policy supercedes all other privacy notices listed above in this terms document.
FRESHPATENTS.com and FreshContext LLC may vigorously investigate any suspected unauthorized access or suspected illegal activity on the
FRESHPATENTS.com or affiliated website involving tampering of the website, servers, or network in any way or misuse ofdata either internally or externally. Investigation may include aggressive countermeasures, additional
tracking/tracing processes and investigative techniques, and providing applicable user data such as log files, ip
addresses and other data to the appropriate local, state, federal, international, court or other legal authorities or
3rd party security services. We take security issues seriously. If you believe we have made an error which could
compromise our website security, please notify us and we will take action.
For any additional information or questions, please contact:
FreshPatents Support