http://www.thebrianboru.ie/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – The Brian Boru
Skip to content
HOMEFOODFUNCTION ROOMSDRINKS MENUFUNERAL RECEPTIONSMUSICLIVE SPORTSOUR HISTORYCONTACT
Search for:
facebookinstagramtwitter
Privacy Policydeclan2018-11-17T22:23:08+00:00
Our privacy policy.
This page explains how The Brian Boru Pub uses any information you might give to us, and the ways in which we protect your privacy.  It also outlines the usage policy of this website.  We are committed to protecting your privacy and will not share your information with others without your prior consent.
The Data Protection Act
Under the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you.  We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data when submitted online, and keep strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.  We do not pass on your details to any third party or government department unless you give us permission, or we are legally permitted or required by law to do so.
What information do we collect?
We sometimes collect several kinds of information from visitors to our website: feedback and registration details through emails and online forms, and site usage information through a stat counter which is used to help us improve the service we offer.
Feedback
We welcome your feedback. Please contact us.
Comments and questions?
If you send us an email or letter asking for information, we may need to contact other bodies to find that information.  If your question is technical, we may need to pass it to relevant people connected or not with The Brian Boru Pub.  We do not pass on any of your personal information when dealing with your enquiry, unless you have given us permission to do so.  Once we have replied to you, we may keep a record of your messages for reference and audit purposes. We will respect your e-mail privacy.  You will receive unsolicited correspondence from The Brian Boru Pub only if you have agreed to this.
Site usage information – Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that are often created when you visit a website, and which are stored in the cookie directory of your computer.  Some cookies store a random number on your computer to help count the number of times users return to our site.  Others are used to store some of your preferences while you move around the site. The latter are usually deleted when you leave the site.  The cookies do not contain any personal information about you, and they cannot be used to identify an individual user.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies but if you do this you should note that some areas of the site may not work properly.
Log files via a Visitor/Stat Counter
Log files allow us to record visitor’s use of the site.  We analyse log file information from all our visitors, which we use to make changes to the layout of the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors move around it.  Log files do not contain any personal information and they are not used to identify any individual patterns of use of the site.
What happens when I click a link to another site?
The Brian Boru Pub website contains links to other websites.  This privacy policy applies only to our site, so you should always be aware when you are moving to another site and read the privacy statement of any site that collects personal information.  Therefore, The Brian Boru Pub is under no responsibility whatsoever for the content on sites linked to from this site.  If you feel that a site link has been done in error, please let us know.
Changes to this privacy policy
If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
Information Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Brian Boru Highlights Multi Function Rooms
Carvery Lunch
Sports Events Showings
Live Music weekly
Beer Garden, Conservatory, Snug & Loft
Copyright 2020
| The Brian Boru Pub
facebookinstagramtwitter
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok