http://www.yourpersonalizedbible.com/privacy-security/
Your Personalized BibleAs unique as you
509.627.2607
Home
About
About Us
Dedication
Countries
Products
Product Descriptions
Shop Online
Current Specials
Testimonials
Testimonials
Endorsements
FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping
Return Policy
Blog
Contact
Contact Us
Tell a Friend
Privacy & Security
SECURE PURCHASING FROM YOUR PERSONALIZED BIBLE:
We are all concerned today about the protection of our financial and credit card information. Other than order customization details, shipping names and addresses, Your Personalized Bible does not view,
handle or store any financial information, including credit card numbers. This is handled securely through Paypal.
If you prefer, we can process your transaction by phone, fax or mail. Call us at 1-866-YOUR BIBLE (1-866-968-7242) during our business hours (9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern time Monday – Friday, 12:00 Noon to 6:00 PM Eastern time Saturday, fax us at 1-775-402-2106 or mail your order to: Your Personalized Bible, 470 Heritage Hills Dr., Richland WA 99352, USA.
PRIVACY:
Your privacy is of utmost importance to us. All addresses, emails and other contact information are kept in strict confidence.
Under no circumstances will any information be shared with any outside party except as needed to complete your transaction. By using PayPal you can shop Without Sharing Financial Information
PayPal helps prevent identity theft.
One of the most effective ways to protect yourself from identity theft is to keep your financial information private. PayPal enables you to pay without sharing your financial information with sellers.
PROTECTION:
Not only does PayPal help keep your financial information private, PayPal guarantees 100% protection against unauthorized payments sent from your account.
For more information about PayPal privacy and security visit:
https://www.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=p/gen/ua/policy_privacy-outside
FREE!
9 Bible chapters personalized for you!
Join our email list and you'll receive special offers and a link to your FREE gift.
First name*Last name*Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
Share This Page
Subscribe Here For Blog Updates! Enter your Email Address:Delivered by FeedBurner
Latest Blog Post
Slumber Party August 2, 2018The other day we were working on a new recipe for dinner. It was zucchini and penne pasta with ricotta cheese. As we went down the list of ingredients we found we didn’t have some and we considered how we might substitute. It took me back to an evening many years earlier. It was 1966. […]
Follow Us
Links
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy & Security
Return Policy
Copyright © 2020 · Your Personalized Bible · Powered by Redmond GrowthReturn to top of page