http://www.churchonmill.com/privacy/
home |
about us |
contact us |
get connected |
media library |
give
1300 S Mill Ave • Tempe, Arizona 85281 • (480) 967-0569
About Us
Pastor Welcome
Our Purpose
Our Staff & Leadership
Our Location
Get Connected
Gospel Communities
Adult Life Groups
Connection Classes
Music & Worship
Internationals
College
Youth
Children
Preschool
Missions
Calendar of Events
Media Library
Churchwide News Blog
Sermon Audio
Join Email List
Facebook
Twitter
Church on Mill Online Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of those who visit our website.
Please read this online privacy policy so you will have a full understanding of what information our website collects and how the information that you provide is used.
Church on Mill, First Southern Baptist Church of Tempe is the sole owner of the information collected on this website.
We will not share information with others in ways that are different from what is disclosed in this online privacy policy except when required by law.
If we decide to change our online privacy policies, we will post the updated policies on this page.
If you have any concerns or questions about this online privacy policy, please contact the web administrator or call the church office at (480)967-0569.
IP Address & Web Browser Information
We use IP Addresses to analyze trends and gather broad demographic information.
IP Addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Other anonymous browser information is also collected (e.g. number of page visits, time of usage, technologies used).
This information helps us understand our website usage in order to improve website content, usability, and performance.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored by your web browser on your computer.
By default, most web browsers accept cookies.
If you desire, you can set your web browser to disable usage of cookies.
If you disable cookies, you can still use most of this website but some features will not be available.
This website uses cookies to provide you with custom content.
Some cookies remain on your computer so that this website can use them on subsequent visits.
Cookies used on this website do not contain personally identifiable information.
Online Giving Forms
For Online Giving, Church on Mill uses Automated Clearing House (ACH) / eCheck processing services from ACH Direct (www.achdirect.com).
SSL encryption is used on the Online Giving Form and the collected information is immediately transferred to ACH Direct’s PaymentsGateway™.
None of the information collected with the Online Giving Form is stored on Church on Mill websites or computers.
Information about ACH Direct including their Computer Security and Privacy Policy can be found on their website.
Other Website Forms
Personal information might be collected when visitors submit requests via website forms (e.g. Contact, Adopt-A-Student, Activity Requests).
We use this information to fulfill your specific request for church information or activities.
Email Lists
Users may subscribe to a Church on Mill email list in order to periodically receive information about Church on Mill and posts from Church on Mill Blogs.
To join the email list, the user’s name and email address is required.
You can unsubscribe from our email list here:
www.churchonmill.com/lists/.
Blog Comments
New blog posts are added by representatives of Church on Mill.
However, comments can be added by any user.
When comments are added, the user’s name and email address is requested.
The user’s name and comment will be displayed in the blog but the user’s email address is not posted.
The email address is used to help reduce SPAM and inappropriate comments.
Comments will be removed by blog moderators if deemed inappropriate.
Links
This website contains links to other websites that users might find helpful.
Please be aware that Church on Mill is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
This online privacy policy solely applies to information collected on this website.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA)
Personal information is not knowingly collected by this website directly from children under the age of thirteen.
If a child chooses to send an email or other electronic request to Church on Mill, we may respond to that email or request.
However, the email address of the child will be deleted and no personal information will be collected, stored, or disclosed.
Copyright © 2020 Church on Mill, First Southern Baptist Church of Tempe • All Rights Reserved • Privacy Policy • Feedback • Parking