http://www.quarryville.com/privacy-policy
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE
QPRC is committed to the health and safety of our residents and team members. We continue to monitor developments concerning COVID-19 and our leadership team talks daily to review the latest information and recommendations.
READ MORE
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to all visitors and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to include The Quarryville website. By using the Quarryville website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect personally identifiable information from our users. We may gather personal or non-personal information in the future. Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Quarryville. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Quarryville website.
Quarryville encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Quarryville so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Quarryville is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Quarryville website.
Use of Cookies
The Quarryville website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Quarryville pages, or register with Quarryville site or services, a cookie helps Quarryville to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Quarryville services or websites you visit. Security of your Personal Information: to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Quarryville uses the following:
ReelTime and or CommunityCenter
Quarryville does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Disconnecting your Quarryville Account from Third Party Website.
You will be able to connect your Quarryville r account to third party accounts.
BY CONNECTING YOUR Quarryville ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES).
IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THE THIS FEATURE.
You may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time. User may opt out of Google Remarketing by visiting the following site http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ User may also unsubscribe to emails by click on the unsubscribe link on and email that they receive.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Quarryville by contacting us here:
– Web page: https://www.quarryville.com/
– Email: qprc_contactus@quarryville.com
– Phone: (717) 325-4160
Changes to this Statement
Quarryville will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Martino & Binzer encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Martino & Binzer is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Quarryville welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Martino & Binzer has not adhered to this Statement, please contact our office at:
860-678-4300
_________________
Effective as of Jan, 01, 2013