http://www.tosots.com/terms
Log In | Register |
View Cart
|   Search
Free Domestic Shipping on orders over $50 COVID-19 Statement. We are online only and not open to the public.
We are shipping for our customers as usual taking all precautions to ensure your safety.
Home > Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Thank you for visiting The Other Side of the Sun! Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. By using this website you are bound to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, you may not access or use the website. We may make changes to these terms of use, to the privacy or shipping policies accompanying them, or the policies and conditions governing use of our website from time to time as needed, and these terms will be posted here on the website as these changes are implemented. We reserve the right to make changes without notice. We encourage you to review these Terms of Use and the related privacy and shipping policies from time to time for updates and changes. Your continued use of our website constitutes your notification and acceptance of these changes. This Site Does Not Provide Medical AdviceAll the information on this website is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended as a substitute for the advice of your physician or other licensed healthcare professional. You should not use the information on this website for diagnosing a health problem or disease. Always consult your physician or other healthcare professional before adopting any treatment for a health problem or suspected health problem.CopyrightAll photography and creative works are Copyright 2001-2016. All rights reserved. All materials contained on this site are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of The Other Side of the Sun. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content. However, you may download material from for your personal, noncommercial use. We encourage you to share links via email or social networking services.Limits of LiabilityThe Other Side of the Sun is not liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages resulting from: the use or inability to use the service; unauthorized access to messages or transactions entered into, through or from our website or the websites of our affiliates; the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from the use of any goods, services, information or data purchased or obtained through our website; unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; personal injury or death resulting from the use or misuse of our website, or statements or conduct of any third party on our website. You acknowledge that this paragraph applies to all content, merchandise and services accessed through our website. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of consequential or incidental damages. In such states, liability is limited to the fullest extent allowed by law. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless The Other Side of the Sun and our employees, from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, judgments, losses and liabilities, including without limitation costs, expenses and attorneys' fees, by you or any third party resulting or arising, directly or indirectly, from the use of our website, the information you access on our website, goods and services offered on the website, your connection to our website, or your violation of the Terms of Use.We reserve the right to cancel any order or restrict payment options for non-payment history.
About Us
Crystals are our passion. As such, we treat each crystal as an individual spirit, which is why we insist on individual listings for all of our crystal offerings. We care deeply for the crystals, ensuring that we nurture them while they are entrusted to our guardianship.
Company
About Us
Testimonials
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Get In Touch
Call Us: (239) 301-0981
For general inquiries:
marjenn@tosots.com
For sales & customer service:
orders@tosots.com
©2020 The Other Side of the Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Website by Yellow Ray