http://www.criminalwatch.com/about/privacy.asp
Criminals
Deadbeats
Inmates
Most Wanted
Sex Offenders
Crime Info
Crime Statistics
CyberCrime
Identity Theft
Missing Children
Missing Persons
Crime Videos
Crime News
Research
Agencies
Police & Sheriffs
Attorney Generals
Fed Agencies
Homeland Security
Human Rights
International Agencies
Victims Rights
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Our Mission
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Volunteer
PRIVACY POLICY
The following privacy statement discloses our information-gathering
and dissemination practices for this Web site, CriminalWatch.com. CriminalWatch.com
reserves the right to periodically review its privacy policies and modify
or clarify such policies in any way it deems appropriate and consistent
with the general guidelines set forth in this statement.
At no time without the express consent of the user, will we share
or disseminate the user's IP address or other information that
may be "personally identifiable." For the purposes of
this privacy statement, we regard information as "personally
identifiable" if the information, individually or in the
aggregate, discloses the identity of the user, such as the user's
name, phone number, address or e-mail address.
We
do, however, use personally identifiable confirmation for internal
administration purposes. For example, we use the user's IP address
to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer and
optimize our Web site.
Our
site uses "cookies" to help customize the user's experience
at our Web site. We use cookies to deliver content specific to
the user's interests and to save the user's password so the user
doesn't have to re-enter it each time the user visits our site
or "member-restricted" areas on our site. "Cookies"
are small text files stored on your computer after a visit to
a Web site that the site later recognizes on a return visit. Cookies,
by themselves, do not give us access to any information that is
personally identifiable about the user. For more information regarding
cookies and their use, please visit the following Web sites:
Firefox: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Cookies
Chrome/Android:
http://www.google.com/cookies.html
or
MS
Internet EXplorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Our site's registration form and, on occasion, online surveys we conduct
ask users to provide us with certain information, some of which
may be personally identifiable. We use user contact information
(e.g. name, address, e-mail address) to send the user information
about our company and to tailor the user's experience at our site,
showing them content that we think they might be interested in
and displaying the content according to their preferences. The
user's contact information also is used to enable us to contact
the user when necessary.
Demographic
and profile data, such as age, affiliations, hobbies or income
level, also may be collected at our site, with proper and prior
notification. While you are not required to provide us this information,
we may not be able to provide you with the full benefits of our
Web site experience without it. Information collected by us from
our users by means of our on-line registration form or occasional
surveys are aggregated and shared with our advertisers and other
interested third parties, but only on a non-personally identifiable
and aggregate basis. We do not provide our advertisers with any
means to identify or contact a user individually, unless a user
specifically asks that we do so.
We
may run contests or other promotional activities on our site in
which we ask participants other than registered users for contact
information (like their e-mail address). We use contact data from
our contests to send participants other than registered users
information about our company. The contact information is also
used to contact the participants when necessary in accordance
with the rules set forth in connection with such contests or promotions.
If
we reasonably believe that an individual's safety or security
is at risk or that our property is at risk, we will disclose this
information to the proper law enforcement agencies. Additionally,
although unlikely, we may be required by law to provide certain
information regarding our users, including personally identifiable
information, to appropriate governmental authorities. If this
is the case, we will provide such information only upon our receipt
of appropriate documentation evidencing such requirement.
Security
This
site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse
and alteration of the information under our control. We operate
secure data networks employing industry-standard firewall and
password-protection systems and permit access to our data only
to authorized individuals.
Contacting
the Web Site:
If
the user has any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or user's dealings with this Web site, the user
can contact:
CriminalWatch.com
information@criminalwatch.com
CRIMINAL INFORMATION BY STATE, COUNTY & CITY
Crime Statistics
Deadbeat Dads & Moms
Missing Persons
Most Wanted
Criminals
Police & Sheriff
Depts.
Prison Inmates
Sex Offenders
Homeland Security