http://www.afterschoolalliance.org/privacy.cfm
Afterschool in the Time of COVID-19
Alliance Navigation
Policy & Take Action
Afterschool ChallengeElection Kit
Census Toolkit
Sign Petition
Stay Updated
DonateFederal policy
21st CCLC
State Policy
Afterschool Caucus
STEM
Child Nutrition
Take Action
Afterschool ChallengeElection Kit
Census ToolkitSign Petition
Stay Updated
Donate
Research
Reports
Issue Briefs
Fact Sheets
America After 3PMImpacts Database
Policy
Federal policy
21st CCLC
State Policy
Afterschool Caucus
STEM
Child Nutrition
Program Toolbox
Toolbox
COVID-19
Afterschool Webinars
Marketing Afterschool
Reaching Policy Makers
Finding Funding
Working with Media
Start a Program
Afterschool Awards
In Your State My State
About
Our Vision Press Room
Funders
Board
Ambassadors Our Staff VISTA Program Job Openings
Lights On
LOA
Register
Event Planning Kit
Find an Event
Research & Issues
Reports
Issue Briefs
Fact Sheets
America After 3PMImpacts Database 21st CCLC
STEM
Healthy Eating & Physical Activity (HEPA)
School-Age Child Care
SEL
All Issues
Afterschool Issues
Issues
21st CCLC
STEM Health & Wellness
School-Age Child Care
SEL
Supportive ClimatesAll Issues
Afterschool Snack
Webinars
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Afterschool Alliance is committed to protecting our users’ privacy. This privacy policy is designed to inform users of Afterschool Alliance branded websites (the “Sites”) about how the Afterschool Alliance (“Afterschool Alliance” or “we”) gathers and uses anonymous and profile information, and in what circumstances the Afterschool Alliance will disclose such information.
Except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, the Afterschool Alliance is a data controller (as that term is used under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)), which means that we decide how and why the information you provide to us is processed. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the processing of your information or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make.
If you believe that the Afterschool Alliance has not complied with this Privacy Policy or if you have any other complaint with regard to collection, use, or disclosure of personal information by the Afterschool Alliance, you may send a written notice of complaint to:
Afterschool Alliance
1101 14th St NW Suite 700
Washington, DC 20005
Attention: Data Compliance
E-mail: webmaster@afterschoolalliance.org
The Afterschool Alliance will investigate your complaint and respond to you promptly.
Key Definitions
In this Privacy Policy, we use the following key definitions. Other terms are defined in the body of the policy.
“User” or “you” means any person viewing any page of the Sites.
What Information Do We Collect?
Profile Information: Our primary goal in collecting profile information (which may include your name and the following business – and not home or personal – information: title, address, phone number, fax number, and email address) is to provide you with the best and most useful content and services.
We collect profile information when you provide it to us through the following: when you register on one of our sites or an email newsletter. Once you register with one of the Afterschool Alliance network of sites, you are no longer anonymous to us.
Cookies
When you view the Sites, a small file called a cookie is placed on your hard drive. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. The Afterschool Alliance uses cookies to obtain anonymous information such as the number of visits to the Sites that a certain user has made and the movement of the user through the Sites.
Automatic Information
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website. For example, we will collect your IP address, Web browser software (such as Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer), and referring website. Our goals in collecting this automatic information include helping customize your user experience and inhibiting fraud.
User Information
If you register as a Registered User (such as by registering on a site, participating in an action alert, or subscribing to a newsletter), the Afterschool Alliance collects additional information, including your name and organization title, organization name, country, zip code, and telephone number (“User Details”). At the time you register to become a Registered User, or later when you access a particular page or document, the Afterschool Alliance may collect additional information, including but not limited to: information about software or hardware your company is using, etc. All of this information together is included in the definition of “User Details”.
Other services
We use these additional services to help power Afterschool Alliance sites.
Service
Privacy Policy
Purpose
Survey Monkey
https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy-policy/
Occasional surveys on afterschool issues
Salesforce
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
CRM database
Network for Good
https://www.networkforgood.com/about/privacy/
Donations processing
Constant Contact
https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement
Emails and newsletters
Twitter Analytics
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Anonymous web traffic data
Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Anonymous web traffic data
Facebook Analytics
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Anonymous web traffic data
Rally Congress
The Afterschool Alliance has sole ownership of user data collected through their petitions on Rally Congress, including petition signers' name, address, email, telephone, Congressional District, and IP address. This data can be exported and downloaded at any time through the Rally Congress control panel. Rally Congress will not share this data with any third parties, other than through the normal fulfillment of sending users' communications to their delegation in Congress. Rally Congress further agrees to maintain and hold all of the Afterschool Alliance's user data, in whatever format and wherever located, private and confidential, and except as provided for in this section of the Agreement and shall not, without the Afterschool Alliance's prior written consent, disclose, provide, use, exploit, or share any Afterschool Alliance client user data with any other entity, organization, company, or individual.
All personal data transferred to Congress is subject to additional legal privacy protections. Further, each Member of Congress may have their own additional privacy policy and protections.
Data on Rally Congress is protected by a firewall and stored on redundant servers, and backups are securely stored in multiple physical data centers.
Contacting Congress, advocacy messages
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
Profile Information: The Afterschool Alliance collects profile information supplied by visitors who register, as described above. That information lets us better tailor our content to visitor interests and supports marketing our services.
Direct Marketing
We may Process your User Information to contact you via email or other methods of communication to provide you with information regarding the Services that may be of interest to you. We may send information to you regarding the Services, upcoming events, and other information that may be of interest to you, using the contact details that you have provided to us and always in compliance with applicable law.
You may unsubscribe from our email newsletter lists at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send. We will not send you any emails from a list you have selected to be unsubscribed from, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any other Services you have requested.
Cookies
We use this tracking technology for a variety of purposes, including:
Keeping count of return visits to our site
Keeping count of content access such as white paper downloads and viewing of published news stories
Accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate, statistical information on website and content usage to our partners and customers
Determining which features visitors like best to help us improve our content and site, personalize your user experience, and measure overall site effectiveness
User Information
We use User Information to deliver email newsletters on topics of interest to Users who have signed up. We may also send general promotional and marketing materials to Users. We use User Information in aggregated form to understand our customer base and to market our services to our customers.
We may send general promotional and marketing materials to our Users, including newsletters, site updates, and marketing research surveys.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The Afterschool Alliance will not disclose personal information to any third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Afterschool Alliance may at any time disclose profile information to third parties if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or court order.
The Afterschool Alliance will only use your profile information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or subsequently authorized by you.
To contact us regarding a privacy issue, please send an e-mail to webmaster@afterschoolalliance.org
If you want your subscriber information deleted from the Afterschool Alliance database, please contact us at webmaster@afterschoolalliance.org and we will remove your profile.
Security
The Afterschool Alliance has implemented reasonable security measures to protect information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Our security systems include authenticated access to internal databases, audits of procedures, and regular reviews of overall Web security.
Sensitive Personal Information
We do not collect or otherwise Process Personal Information about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under GDPR (collectively, “Sensitive Personal Information”) in the ordinary course of our business. Where it becomes necessary to Process Sensitive Personal Information under GDPR, we would rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law:
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (including the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Information.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law, if you are a resident of California, you may make a written request to the Afterschool Alliance about how we have shared your personal customer information with select third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In response to your written request, we will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and address. Please submit a written request to the address set forth below. Please allow thirty (30) days for a response.
EEA Residents
GDPR provides certain rights for EEA residents. You may decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide some of the features and functionality of the Services. These rights include, in accordance with applicable law, the right to object to or request the restriction of processing of your information, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own information. Where we process your information on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Information in reliance upon any other available legal bases). Requests should be submitted by contacting us at webmaster@afterschoolalliance.org.
Children’s Privacy
Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable registration information from our files. Please note: we may nevertheless maintain a record of that person’s name and address in a “do not register” file to avoid subsequent registration by a child under the age of 13.
Links
The network of the Afterschool Alliance sites contains links to other Web sites. The Afterschool Alliance is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. Users should be aware of this when they leave our site and review the privacy statements of each Web site they visit that collects information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Afterschool Alliance sites.
Business Transfers
We are always seeking to improve our web sites and our business. If all or part of the Afterschool Alliance is transferred to another entity, the Profile Information and Activity Data that you have provided to us may be transferred as part of that transaction. In these circumstances, the Afterschool Alliance will require that the profile information be used by its successor in a manner that is consistent with the Afterschool Alliance Privacy Policy in effect at the time Afterschool Alliance received the information.
Amendments:
The Afterschool Alliance may modify or amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes in the way in which your profile information is collected, used or transferred, we will notify you of these changes on our Site(s) or by e-mail and provide a link to the new privacy statement. If you object to any of the changes, you can have us delete your information from our database by contacting webmaster@afterschoolalliance.org.
Options
Users who would rather not provide any of the user data requested by our registration process do not need to register with us. You can still view much of the content and use many of the services offered by our sites without registering.
Users may also remove themselves from emailing lists at any time through the email subscriptions link on the web site.
Conditions of Use
If you decide to visit our Website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy.
1101 14th St NW Suite 700
Washington, D.C. 20005 (866) KIDS-TODAY | Email us
The Afterschool Alliance is working to ensure that all children have access to affordable, quality afterschool programs. Afterschool programs are critical to children and families today, yet the need for programs is far from being met. Learn more
Afterschool updates Program resources Privacy Policy