https://www.mlumc.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
About Us
About Our Church
Our Pastor
Our Staff
News
Our Ministry
About Our Ministry
Boy Scouting
Fellowship Programs
Summer Worship and Speakers
Thanksgiving Day Ministry
Worship and Sunday School
Worship through Music
Youth Group, Programs and Events
Our Worship
Worship Options
Traditional Worship
The Gathering
Giving
Overview
Pledge
Automatic Giving
Give Online
Calendar
Childcare Center
Who We Are
How to enroll
Tuition, Fees, & Forms
Contact Us
Contact Us
Signup for email
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on MLUMC’s website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when contacting us only to supply you with requested information. We may also share this information with the pastors and/or prayer committee in order to fulfill a request for prayer. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to fulfill your request.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
If you would like to receive electronic updates about our church, services or activities, you can submit an email request to be added to our mailing list. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you specifically request to be added to our mailing list.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13. We do not and will not identify or print the names of children who are pictured on our web site.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (412) 531-7131 or send us an email at info@mlumc.org.
Upcoming Events
Dec
11
Fri
all-day
UMW cookie meeting and storage
@ Network
UMW cookie meeting and storage
@ Network
Dec 11 all-day
Meeting 12/8 9-2   Reserved by Bonnie Lawson 10/26/2020-MRizzo
all-day
UMW Cookie set up
@ Asbury, Wesley, and Network
UMW Cookie set up
@ Asbury, Wesley, and Network
Dec 11 all-day
Kathy Michael reserved – MRizzo
9:00 am
Cookie sale prep
@ Asbury Center & Kitchen
Cookie sale prep
@ Asbury Center & Kitchen
Dec 11 @ 9:00 am – 2:00 pm
Bonnie Lawson reserved 10/26/2020-MRizzo
6:00 pm
Contract Bridge
@ Welcome Center
Contract Bridge
@ Welcome Center
Dec 11 @ 6:00 pm – 8:00 pm
Changed to Welcome center-Mike Stabb email 11/25/18-MRizzo
7:00 pm
Pk870 Arrow of Light Meeting
@ Epworth/102
Pk870 Arrow of Light Meeting
@ Epworth/102
Dec 11 @ 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Online GiftsFeel the need to give now? Mount Lebanon United Methodist Church allows donations without checks or cash. Click "Give" below to donate or text MLUMC to 73256 to give using text messaging. Standard text messaging rates may apply.
GiveCategories
"The Window" Newsletter
Bulletins
Church News
Homepage Stories
Ministry
Podcasts
Sunday Worship
Youth