http://www.peoplemeet.com/v3/cookiepolicy
A People Media Site
Login Now
People Media Cookie Policy
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
Introduction
People Media is committed to protecting your privacy. We aim to provide trustworthy, industry-leading products
and services so that you can focus on building meaningful connections. Our approach to privacy is to provide
you with clear information about our data practices. That's why we've tried to keep legal and technical jargon
to a minimum.
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are, what types of cookies are placed on your device when you visit
our website and how we use them.
This Cookie Policy does not address how we deal with your personal information generally. To learn more about
how we process your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy here.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your device's memory.
A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated,
the "lifetime" of the cookie (i.e., when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier.
A cookie also may contain information about your device, such as user settings, browsing history and activities
conducted while using our services.
Are there different types of cookies?
First-party and third-party cookies
There are first-party cookies and third-party cookies. First-party cookies are placed on your device directly by us.
For example, we use first-party cookies to adapt our website to your browser's language preferences and to better
understand your use of our website. Third-party cookies are placed on your device by our partners and service
providers. For example, we use third-party cookies to measure user numbers on our website or to enable you to
share content with others across social media platforms.
Session and persistent cookies
There are session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies only last until you close your browser.
We use session cookies for a variety of reasons, including to learn more about your use of our website during
one single browser session and to help you to use our website more efficiently. Persistent cookies have a longer
lifespan and aren't automatically deleted when you close your browser. These types of cookies are primarily
used to help you quickly sign-in to our website again and for analytical purposes.
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Other technologies such as web beacons (also calls pixel tags or clear gifs), tracking URLs or software
development kits (SDKs) are used for similar purposes. Web beacons are tiny graphics files that contain a
unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our service or opened an e-mail that
we have sent them.
Tracking URLs are custom generated links that help us understand where the traffic to
our webpages comes from.
SDKs are small pieces of code included in apps, which function like cookies and
web beacons.
For simplicity, we also refer to these technologies as "cookies" in this Cookie Policy.
What do we use cookies for?
Like most providers of online services, we use cookies to provide, secure and improve our services,
including by remembering your preferences, recognizing you when you visit our website and personalizing
and tailoring ads to your interests. To accomplish these purposes, we also may link information from cookies
with other personal information we hold about you.
When you visit our website, some or all of the following types of cookies may be set on your device.
Cookie type
Description
Essential website cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Analytics cookies
These cookies help us understand how our website is being used, how effective marketing campaigns are, and help us customize and improve our websites for you.
Advertising cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, selecting advertisements that are based on your interests and measuring the number of ads displayed and their performance, such as how many people clicked on a given ad.
Social networking cookies
These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our website through third-party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
How can you control cookies?
There are several cookie management options available to you. Please note that changes you make to your
cookie preferences may make browsing our website a less satisfying experience. In some cases, you may even
find yourself unable to use all or part of our site.
Browser and devices controls
Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a
cookie is placed on your computer.
The procedure for managing cookies is slightly different for each
internet browser. You can check the specific steps in your particular browser help menu.
You also may be able to reset device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your mobile device.
The procedure for managing device identifiers is slightly different for each device. You can check the
specific steps in the help or settings menu of your particular device.
Interest-based advertising tools
You can opt out of seeing online interest-based advertising from participating companies through the
Digital Advertising Alliance,
the Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance or
Appchoices (apps only).
Opting out does not mean you will not see advertising - it means you won't see personalized advertising
from the companies that participate in the opt-out programs.
Also, if you delete cookies on your device after
you opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Social Cookies
To allow you to share content on social media, some features of this website use social media plug-ins
(e.g., Twitter™ "Share to Twitter" or LinkedIn™ "in" buttons). Depending on your social media account settings,
we automatically receive information from the social media platform when you use the corresponding button on
our website.
To learn more about social media cookies, we suggest you refer to your social media platform's cookie policy
and privacy policy.
Google™ Cookies
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, which is a Google service that uses cookies and other data collection technologies
to collect information about your use of the website and services in order to report website trends.
You can opt out of Google Analytics by visiting www.google.com/settings/ads
or by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
How to contact us?
If you have questions about this Cookie Policy, here's how you can reach us:
Online: here
By post:
Privacy Officer
People Media, Inc.
8750 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1400
Dallas, TX 75231
Meet Single Women
Single women know this is the perfect place to meet eligible men. Women seeking like-minded single men are poised for success on PeopleMeet.com. Online dating has never been so easy.
It's free to browse. Click here!
Meet Single Men
Single men know this is the perfect place to meet single women. In the PeopleMeet community, online dating for singles is comfortable and simple. As a single man you will find great success with the premier online dating service.
It's free to browse. Click here!
DATING ARTICLES
Creating a Great Dating Profile on PeopleMeet.com
Creating a Great Dating Profile on PeopleMeet.com
See Less Articles
Copyright © 2020 People Media. All rights reserved.
32x1101.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Security
home |
safety tips |
guidelines |
security |
contact us |
billing |
success stories |
careers |
about |
advertise with us |
search |
join now |
bookmark page |
site map
Match.com |
Chemistry.com |
Mature Dating |
Black Singles |
Big and Beautiful