http://www.davisgrimmpayne.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Our Firm
Attorneys
Strategies
Resources
News &
Updates
COVID-19
Contact Us
Davis Grimm Payne & Marra
Representing Management in the Areas of Labor and Employment Law
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Policy”) explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Davis Grimm Payne and Marra (“DGPM”, “we” or “us”) with respect to your use of the Web site located at www.dgpmlaw.com and any other sites operated by DGPM which links to this Policy (the “Sites”) so you can make an informed decision about using the Sites. We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
What is Personal Information?
As used, herein, the term “personal information” means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as name, address, telephone number, mobile number, e-mail address, or credit card number), or information about that individual that is directly linked to personally identifiable information. Personal information does not include “aggregate” information, which is data we collect about the use of the “Sites” or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities, or other personal information has been removed. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information.
What Information Do We Collect?
Active Collection: We collect information from you in various ways when you visit the Sites. For example, we collect information you voluntarily provide to us, such as if you create an account, send an email, fill out a form, register for an event, provide or request information, or post comments or other content on the Sites. Such information may include personal information and/or demographic information.
Passive Collection: When you use the Site, some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and your activity on the Site. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only.
We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of “ cookies”. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive at the request of a website.  Among other things, cookies help us improve our Sites and your experience. If we link cookies to any personally identifying information, we will treat this information as personal information. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser manufacture to learn about these functions.
However, if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or Services on our Sites.
How Do We Use Personal Information We Collect?
We use personal information collected through our Sites for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Sites. For example, we may use personal information we collect:
To operate the Sites, provide the information or services you request and to process and complete any transactions;
To request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of the Sites;
To respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests, and complaints and provide customer service;
To monitor and analyze site usage and trends, and to personalize and improve the Sites and or users’ experiences on the Sites;
To send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of the Sites;
To notify you about important changes to our Sites and for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may store and process information in the United States and other countries.
What Personal Information Do We Share With Third Parties?
We will not share the personal information we collect from you through this Site with third parties, except as described in this Policy or on the Sites. For example, we may share personal information as follows:
With vendors, consultants, and other service providers (“Service Providers”) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Sites or the services we provide and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us;
When you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Sites that give the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and provide such information;
In an aggregated or anonymous form that does not directly identify you.
When we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or court orders;
When we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety or DGPM, our clients, users, employees, copyright owners, third parties or the public, including without limitation to protect DGPM or our clients or users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful use of our Sites;
To enforce or apply this Policy, our Terms of Use, or our other policies or agreements; and
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of DGPM.
You understand that when you use the Sites, information which you post in your profile, blogs, listings, public or private groups, forums and other interactive areas of the Sites, as well as any information you share with individuals through the Sites or share through social network sites, will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available. We recommend you to be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private online forums.
We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or any other third parties, not are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any parties. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymous information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent.
Links to Other Websites
Our Sites may contain links to other websites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of theses websites or any other sites that are linked to from the Sites. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.
What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online?
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access disclosure alteration and destruction. Please be aware however that despite our efforts no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. If applicable, to protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep passwords confidential and not disclose them to any other person.  You are also responsible for all uses of our web site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.
What Choices Do You Have Regarding The Use of Your Information?
You may “opt out” of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Policy, please email info@dgpmlaw.com.
Comments are closed.
701 Fifth Avenue, Suite 4850
Seattle, WA
98104
P : 206-447-0182
F : 206-622-9927
email: info@davisgrimmpayne.com
© 2013 Davis Grimm Payne & Marra. All rights reserved.
Skip to content
Contact Us
Legal Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Proudly powered by WordPress.