http://www.AnimalAllianceNYC.org/wanttohelp/donate/privacy.htm
Pet Adoption         Spay/Neuter         Microchip         Dog License         Emergency Vets         Animal Cruelty         Lost & Found
About Us
Mission & Overview
Past Key Initiatives
Past Featured Events
News & Media
Reports
Board of Directors
Maddie's Fund
Guidestar Listing
Legal Information
Donor Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Past Key Initiatives
Wheels of Hope
NYC Feral Cat Initiative
Adoptapalooza
Helping Pets and People in Crisis
News & Media
Blog: Out of the Cage!
Media Coverage
Press Releases
Videos
Need Help?
Pet Adoption
Your Pet's Health & Safety
Legal Resources
Giving Up a Pet
Animal Cruelty, Abuse & Neglect
Pets Trapped in Buildings
Injured, Ill, or Orphaned Animals
Feral & Stray Community Cats
Animal Education & Visit Requests
Animal Welfare Legislation
Careers in Animal Welfare
Starting a Rescue or Sanctuary
Want to Help?
Donate Today
Shop Through AmazonSmile
Shop Through iGive.com
Adopt a Pet
Foster a Pet
Volunteer
Become a Certified TNR Caretaker
Donate Pet Supplies
Make Cage Comforters
Support Animal Welfare Legislation
Find a Job in Animal Welfare
Start a Rescue or Sanctuary
Contact Us
How You Can Help
Donate Today
Shop Through AmazonSmile
Shop Through iGive.com
Adopt a Pet
Foster a Pet
Volunteer
Become a Certified TNR Caretaker
Donate Pet Supplies
Make Cage Comforters
Photo by Rick Edwards
Donor Privacy Policy
All information concerning donors or prospective donors, including their names, addresses, and telephone numbers, the names of their beneficiaries, the amount of their gift, etc., shall be kept strictly confidential by the Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals, Inc., its staff, and its volunteers, unless permission is obtained from donors to release such information.
The Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals, Inc. is committed to respecting the privacy of donors. The types of donor information that it collects and maintains are as follows:
Contact information: name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address
Giving information
Information on events attended, publications received, and special requests for program information
Information provided by the donor in the form of comments and suggestions
The Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals, Inc. uses donors' information to understand their interests in its mission and to update them on the organization's plans and activities. It is shared with staff, board members, volunteers, and consultants only on a "need-to-know" basis.
The organization also assures donors that their names and addresses will not be shared with any third party unless permission has been granted. For those who do not wish to be included on a mailing list that might be sold, rented, or leased to other organizations, donors should contact the organization to have their names removed.
If you have comments or questions about the Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals, Inc.'s donor privacy policy, please e-mail giving@AnimalAllianceNYC.org.
Contact Us
Jane Hoffman, President
E-mail: giving@AnimalAllianceNYC.org
Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals
244 Fifth Avenue, Suite R290
New York, NY 10001-7604
Legal Info & Tax ID
Name: Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals, Inc.
Principal Address: 244 Fifth Avenue, Suite R290, New York, NY 10001-7604
Telephone: (212) 252-2350
EIN / Federal Tax ID: 73-1653635
The Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals, Inc. is recognized by the Internal Revenue Service as a 501(c)(3) charitable organization.
IRS Determination / 501(c)(3) Letter
IRS Form 990
Financial Statements & Report of Independent Certified Accountants
Donor Privacy Policy
The Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals is recognized
by the IRS as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization (EIN: 73-1653635).
All donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowed by
law. A copy of the Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals' latest annual
report may be obtained, upon request, from the Mayor's Alliance
for NYC's Animals or from the New York State Attorney General's
Charities Bureau, Attn: FOIL Officer, 120 Broadway, New York, NY
10271.
•      Copyright © 2002–2020 Mayor's Alliance for NYC's Animals, Inc.      •
Contact Us