http://www.kemet.org/privacy-policy
Search form
Search
Monthly Donation Tracker
Donation Tracker!
Please check: http://www.helpingtawy.com/donation-tracker to see where we are right now!
Free Beginners Course
Next Class Begins: November 17, 2020Application review for Class 58 began October 15, 2020 and responses will be sent on or about November 6.
Apply for Class 58
Follow us on:
Twitter
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Summary
Protecting your private information is a high priority for us. This Privacy Statement applies to the House of Netjer (HoN) and governs the way we collect and use your personal data. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to the House of Netjer include www.netjer.org, www.kemet.org, www.udjat.org, www.tawyhouse.org, www.kemetschool.org, and all other related websites. The House of Netjer website is a religious institution site.
By using the House of Netjer website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. If you do not want your personal information collected and used by the House of Netjer, please do not apply for membership of any of the House of Netjer' websites or email lists.
The House of Netjer will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect organizational and member feedback. The House of Netjer encourages you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how the House of Netjer is protecting your information.
COPPA
The House of Netjer does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. The House of Netjer does not target its websites to children under this age.
Types of Information we collect
Aggregate Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may automatically collected by the House of Netjer. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the House of Netjer website.
Cookies
The House of Netjer website may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a website server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a website server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
Our site may use a feature of your browser to set a cookie on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information that a web site’s computer stores on your computer. The House of Netjer’s web sites can then read the cookies whenever you visit our site. We may use cookies in a number of ways, such as to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, to deliver content specific to your interests and to track the pages you’ve visited. These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your experience so that your visit to our site is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible.
Most browser software can be set up to deal with cookies. You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our web site may not work properly, and you may be unable to use those of the House of Netjer’s services that require registration in order to participate, or you will have to re-register each time you visit our site. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. We do not link non-personal information from cookies to personally identifiable information without your permission.
Personal Information
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. The House of Netjer uses personal information to better understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. On some of the House of Netjer web pages, you may be able to request information, subscribe to mailing lists, participate in online discussions, collaborate on documents, provide feedback, submit information into registries, register for events, apply for membership, or join technical committees or working groups. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, or user IDs.
Members-Only Web Sites
Information you provide on the House of Netjer’s membership applications is used to create a member profile. This information will be kept private and accessible only by the House of Netjer’s individual member representatives and organizations.  Permission may be given by you to share this information with other members. Member contact information may be provided to other members on a secure web site to encourage and facilitate collaboration, research, and the free exchange of information among the House of Netjer’s members, but we expressly prohibit members from using member contact information to send unsolicited commercial correspondence. The House of Netjer’s members may be automatically added to the House of Netjer’s mailing lists. From time to time, member information may be shared with event organizers and/or other organizations that provide additional benefits to the House of Netjer’s members. By providing us with your personal information on the membership application, you expressly consent to our storing, processing, and distributing your information for these purposes.
Information Sharing
The House of Netjer does not sell, rent, or lease any individual’s personal information or lists of email addresses to anyone for marketing purposes, and we take commercially reasonable steps to maintain the security of this information. We reserve the right to release personal information to protect our systems or business, when we reasonably believe you to be in violation of our Terms of Use or if we reasonably believe you to have initiated or participated in any illegal activity. In addition, please be aware that in certain circumstances, the House of Netjer may be obligated to release your personal information pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or other orders.
Given the international scope of the House of Netjer websites, personal information may be visible to persons outside your country of residence, including to persons in countries that your own country’s privacy laws and regulations deem deficient in ensuring an adequate level of protection for such information. If you are unsure whether this Privacy Policy is in conflict with applicable local rules, you should not submit your information. If you are located within the European Union, you should note that your information will be transferred to the United States, which is deemed by the European Union to have inadequate data protection. Nevertheless, in accordance with local laws implementing European Union Directive 95/46/EC of 24 October 1995 (“EU Privacy Directive”) on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, individuals located in countries outside of the United States of America who submit personal information do thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to its transfer to and/or storage in the United States of America.
Security
The House of Netjer makes every effort to protect personal information by users of the web site, including using firewalls and other security measures on its servers. No server, however, is 100% secure, and you should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential information about yourself on any web site, including this one. Much of the personal information is used in conjunction with member services such as collaboration and discussion, so some types of personal information such as your name, company affiliation, and email address will be visible to other the House of Netjer’s members and to the public. The House of Netjer assume no liability for the interception, alteration, or misuse of the information you provide. You alone are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please use care when use access this web site and provide personal information.
Opting-out and Unsubscribing
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements and emails from the House of Netjer. Information for unsubscribing is given at the bottom of email announcements.
Contact Information
The House of Netjer welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you have any queries, please contact us using the following information.
House of Netjer
664 Landau Avenue
Joliet, Illinois 60432-1965
Email Address: HetNetjer@kemet.org
This policy was last updated on September 22, 2013.
Designed by Andi Mancuso.