https://www.coventrycathedral.org.uk/wpsite/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Click below to download our privacy policies in relation to different areas of Cathedral life.
General Safeguarding Privacy Policy
Donor Privacy Policy
Events Privacy Policy
Volunteers Privacy Policy
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, using our contact page. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.Share and Enjoy !0Shares0
0
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can delete them if you wish.
Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
The Cathedral is open for private prayer from 11 am to 3 pm daily (from 12 noon on Sundays). All our services are now online.
Donate