https://www.martinpringle.com/privacy-policy
Kansas
Missouri
Contact
Martin Pringle
Martin Pringle contact phone number
Attorneys
Practice Areas
Work at MP
Offices
Our Difference
News
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
We're Here to Help.
View more search options. Choose one or multiple.
Attorney Name
Select an Attorney
Teresa L. Adams
Quentin C. Aker
Martin W. Bauer
George C. Bruce
Karlee R. Canaday
Danielle D. Cornejo
Greg A. Drumright
Jerald S. Enslein
W. Rick Griffin
Scott B. Haines
Thomas A. Hamill
Samuel P. Heaney
Matthew J. Heili
Rod J. Hoffman
Michael G. Jones
Jeff Kennedy
Kip A. Kubin
David E. Larson
Ashlyn B. Lindskog
William A. Mallory
Terry L. Malone
Terry L. Mann
Amanda Marino
Kate B. McKinney
Brent A. Mitchell
Lora Jennings Mizell
Robert J. Moody
Jerome E. Murphy
Jeff M. Pike
Douglas D. Silvius
Stanford J. Smith, Jr.
Jeff C. Spahn
Matthew A. Spahn
Richard K. Thompson
Terry J. Torline
B. Scott Tschudy
Dennis P. Wetta
Zach K. Wiggins
Michelle Moe Witte
Marcia A. Wood
David S. Wooding
Samantha M. Woods
Find your attorney
Practice Area
All Practice Areas
Adoption & Surrogacy
Alternative & Renewable Energy Law
Appellate Practice
Aviation Law
Banking & Financial Services
Bankruptcy
Business Law
Civil & Commercial Litigation
Condemnation
Construction Law
Creditor’s Rights
Divorce & Family Law
Employment Law
Entrepreneurial & Startup Law
Environmental Law
Estate Administration & Probate
Estate Planning
Health Law
Homeowners Association Law
Immigration Law
Insurance Defense
Intellectual Property & Information Technology
Mediation
Medical Malpractice Defense
Oil & Gas Law
Personal Injury / Wrongful Death
Products Liability
Real Estate
Restaurant & Hospitality
Taxation
Workers Compensation
Office
All Locations
Kansas City, Missouri
Overland Park, Kansas
Wichita, Kansas
Education
All Schools
Baker University
Benedictine College
Central Missouri State University
City University of New York School of Law
Duke University
Georgetown University Law Center
Kansas State University
Loyola University
Michigan State University
New York University
Oklahoma City University
Oklahoma State University
Oxford University New College
Pace University School of Law
Pepperdine University School of Law
Pittsburg State University
Rockhurst University
Saint Louis University
Saint Louis University School of Law
Saint Mary’s College
St. Mary of the Plains College
The George Washington University School of Law
The Pennsylvania State University
Tulane University
Tulane University School of Law
University of California-Berkeley
University of Florida
University of Iowa College of Law
University of Kansas
University of Kansas School of Law
University of Minnesota
University of Missouri
University of Missouri School of Law
University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Law
University of Nebraska-Lincoln School of Law
University of Notre Dame School of Law
University of Oklahoma
University of Oklahoma School of Law
University of Southern California
University of Texas at Austin
Vanderbilt University School of Law
Washburn University
Washburn University School of Law
West Virginia University
Wheaton Conservatory of Music
Wichita State University
Privacy Policy
This statement sets forth the privacy policy of Martin, Pringle, Oliver, Wallace & Bauer, L.L.P. ("Martin Pringle" or "us" or "we") for our website, martinpringle.com ("website"). We will only use information from visitors to the website for the limited purposes described in this privacy policy, and by using this website you agree to be bound by this privacy policy.
This privacy policy relates only to visitors to the website who are not our clients. To the extent there is a difference in our obligations between this policy and the Terms & Conditions, our dealings with our clients, and our treatment of any information received from our clients, will be governed by applicable laws, the Rules of Professional Conduct promulgated by the State Bar of Kansas and the rules of other jurisdictions to which our attorneys may be admitted or practicing.
If you are not already a client of Martin Pringle, no information provided by or gathered from you will be considered to be confidential, privileged or otherwise protected by an attorney-client relationship and may be divulged by us. Furthermore, nothing in this privacy policy or on this website is intended to or will constitute or create an attorney-client or other relationship between you and Martin Pringle. For further details concerning the terms under which you may access the website, please review our Terms & Conditions page.
Martin Pringle reserves the right to change this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy at this location. Should you have any questions, please contact Stan Smith.
What information do we collect from visitors to the website?
Other than information you may submit through contact forms and questionnaires, Martin Pringle does not currently collect any personal information of visitors to the website except as follows:
information supplied by a visitor's web browser such as the visitor's email address or information related to the website the visitor linked from to access Martin Pringle's website (when you use the website our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit any website—such server logs may include information such as your Internet Protocol address, web request, browser language, browser type, the date and time of your use and one or more cookies that can uniquely identify your browser);
information provided to Martin Pringle by visitors to the website via an email message (including any attachments contained in such email message); and
information provided to Martin Pringle by visitors in a web form (for example, when you complete a search request or submit resume and contact information).
While we make a good faith effort to prevent unauthorized access to personal information, you agree and understand that internet communications may not be secure. Thus, we cannot warrant or guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed to or accessed by parties other than those authorized under this privacy policy and the related Terms & Conditions. Thus, to the extent allowed by law, you agree and understand that we will not be liable for actual or consequential damages caused by such disclosures of your personal information in excess of any funds you have paid to us in connection with your disclosure to us of the personal information.
You agree and understand that to enforce this privacy policy and the related Terms & Conditions, resolve disputes, or provide information to satisfy applicable laws, regulations or proceedings, we may need to retain your personal information. Additionally, you understand and agree that your personal information may be retained by us in residual back-up files that are a function of our server back-up systems.
How do we use this information?
Martin Pringle does not presently share any information collected from visitors to the website with any outside party. Any information collected from visitors to the website is used solely for the purpose(s) for which the information was provided to Martin Pringle by the visitor.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Martin Pringle does reserve the right to use information it obtains from the website in an aggregated form in order to determine the usefulness and popularity of the various sections of the website and the various web pages contained therein, or to determine how often certain links to or from the website are used by visitor
Links to other websites and social media sites.
This website contains links to other websites on the Internet which we have no control—including to our social media pages and to profiles and posts by our individual lawyers. These links are solely provided to assist visitors in locating these resources. A link to another website does not imply any relationship, affiliation or approval of the linked resources or its contents. Martin Pringle is not responsible for the content on any other website, even those maintained by our lawyers in their own social media profiles and posts. Therefore, please use these other resources with appropriate caution. Please understand that Martin Pringle has no control over the privacy policies of any websites that are linked to our website, and that these linked sites may make more extensive uses of personal information, which are not consistent with this privacy policy.
Cookies and Tracking Pixels
Our website may use cookies and tracking pixels so that we can better serve you when you return to our site and to track user patterns. Cookies and tracking pixels are used by many websites to simplify the access to and browsing of those websites by users. For example, a website might use cookies or tracking pixels to remember your user name or password or to remember your preferences with respect to the website's content, products or services. Although most browsers accept these in their default settings, it may be possible to configure your browser so that it does not accept them from any website. If you configure your browser so that it does not accept these tiny files, certain portions of websites that use them may not function properly or be accessible to you, including any portion of our website, which could be altered to make use of them in the future.
Wichita, Kansas
Overland Park, Kansas
Kansas City, Missouri
We’re proud to offer a convenient way to
Make a payment
Attorneys
Practice Areas
Offices
Our Difference
News
Careers
Contact
Martin Pringle on Facebook
Martin Pringle on LinkedIn
Martin Pringle on Twitter
The use and any communications that result from the use of this website are subject to this site's PRIVACY POLICY and TERMS & CONDITIONS.
© 2020 MARTIN, PRINGLE, OLIVER, WALLACE AND BAUER, L.L.P., All Rights Reserved.
Are you searching for:
Restaurant Law
Workers’ Compensation
Taxation
Sports Law
Products Liability
Personal Injury / Wrongful Death
Medical Malpractice Defense
Intellectual Property & Information Technology
Insurance Defense
Immigration Law
Homeowners Association Law
Health Law
Estate Administration & Probate
Environmental Law
Divorce & Family Law
Creditor’s Rights
Construction Law
Civil & Commercial Litigation
Condemnation
Bankruptcy
Aviation Law
Appellate Practice
Alternative & Renewable Energy
Real Estate
Banking & Financial Services
Estate Planning
Entrepreneurial & Startup Law
Employment Law
Business Law
Adoption & Surrogacy