https://www.ucb.co.uk/content/privacy-policy-and-legal-statement
Toggle navigation
DONATE
LISTEN
WATCH
Read
PRAYERLINE
MISSION
Sign in
Introduction
This policy was last updated on 5th October 2020 and may be revised from time to time. Please check this page for the latest version.
To update the information or preferences we hold on you or change the way we contact you, please visit www.ucb.co.uk/myaccount.
If you disagree with this policy, please do not provide us with your personal details. If you have previously provided us your personal details, please refer to Your personal information rights to learn about your data rights.
About us
We are United Christian Broadcasters Limited, registered charity no. 299128, company registered in England no. 2182533, registered office Hanchurch Christian Centre, Hanchurch, Stoke-on-Trent, ST4 8RY.
We promise to respect your personal data and be transparent about how we collect and process it. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or wish to exercise your rights, please contact us:
By post: Supporter Care (Dept. DP), United Christian Broadcasters Ltd, Operations Centre, Westport Road, Stoke-on-Trent, ST6 4JF.
By email: dp@ucb.co.uk
By telephone: 01782 911 000
We aim to respond as quickly as possible. You also have the right to report a concern directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk/concerns or by telephoning their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
To navigate our policy please click on the title below, or scroll down:
Your personal information rights
Retention of data
Data processed by third parties
Marketing and fundraising
Our website
Social media
Testimonies
Children and young people
Safeguarding
Legacies
Photography, filming and recording
Journalism
Our people
Victim of Scam
Your personal information rights
Staying informed: You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data, as explained in this privacy policy.
Access: You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, and no later than within one month.
Rectification: You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, and no later than within one month.
Erasure: You have the right to request that your personal data is erased where we rely on your consent and you later withdraw that consent, or where the data is no longer needed for the originally intended purpose. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, and no later than within one month.
Processing restriction: You have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data if: you query the accuracy of your personal information; you wish us to restrict its use rather than erase it; you need it to be preserved in connection with a legal claim; whilst you are verifying whether we have overriding legitimate interests in using it. You also have the right to be informed before we lift the processing restriction. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, and no later than within one month.
Data portability: You have the right to obtain your personal data from us in a format where it can be easily moved from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way.
Right to object: You have the right to object to us processing of your personal data, including the absolute right to stop your data being used for direct marketing and fundraising (‘opting out’). Please note that it may take a few weeks for you to stop receiving this information due to production lead times. In cases other than direct marketing and fundraising, we may be able to continue processing if we can demonstrate that we have an overriding reason for doing so. We will respond to your objection as soon as possible, and no later than within one month.
Automated decision making and profiling (without any human involvement): We do not employ automated decision making and profiling that produce legal effects on individuals.
Back to navigation
Retention of data
We will only hold your personal information for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity.Back to navigation
Data processed by third parties
Where third parties process personal data on our behalf, we require that these are compliant with Data Protection law. We only provide these organisations with the information they need to deliver necessary services, such as mailing copies of our publications to those who have requested them. They are prohibited from using this information for any other purpose, unless you have previously given your consent.Back to navigation
Marketing and fundraising
Our approach to marketing and fundraising is based on building productive relationships. Our supporters tell us that they share our vision of Changing lives for good by the power of God’s word, demonstrated by the feedback we regularly receive in response to our Christian broadcasting, publishing and other activities. As a charity, this provision of public benefit is central to our existence.
We believe we have a legitimate interest in using data you provide, sometimes together with other publicly available data, to manage our fundraising as effectively as possible.
This will include data which helps us effectively manage our communications so that we can make appropriate requests to supporters and target our resources effectively, which donors tell us is a key priority for them.
We also use publicly available information to find new potential supporters and invite them to be involved in supporting us through tailored communications which may be of interest to them. External data sources include those which are publicly available such as Companies House, Charity Commission, Electoral Roll, company websites, and geographic and demographic information based on postcode. This allows us to segment our database and gain a better understanding of our supporters. If you wish to opt out of us using your data in this way, please see Your personal information rights for further details.
We will not send you emails without your consent, other than for necessary administrative purposes.
Back to navigation
Our website
We are committed to protecting your privacy and the personal information you provide when accessing our services.
Our aim is to safeguard your privacy while providing you with a personalised and valuable service. Collecting some personal information is necessary if we are to satisfy your expectations and requirements, e.g. by communicating with you and providing an interactive service.
The information we collect
We collect two kinds of information:
Information such as IP addresses (the location of the computer on the internet), pages accessed and files downloaded. This helps us to determine how many individuals use our website, how many people visit on a regular basis, which pages are most popular and which pages are least popular. We do not use this information to tell us anything about who you are or where you live; it simply allows us to monitor and improve our service.
Information such as name, address, telephone number, email and bank details. We collect this information only in connection with specific activities such as requests for publications, feedback, and making donations.
We will use the information you provide to:
process donations or other payments
respond to requests and enquiries
record any contact we have with you
provide information about our services, activities or online content
provide a personalised service when you visit our website e.g. by customising the content and/or layout of our pages
communicate with you by appropriate means such as written communication, email, SMS message
prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf. For more information see Data processed by third parties.
provide anonymous statistics relating to the use of our website, enabling us to carry out research on demographics, interests and behaviour to help us gain a better understanding of how we can improve our service to you.
We may disclose aggregate anonymous statistics about the activity of our website visitors in order to describe our services to prospective partners and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
Emails and SMS messages to our staff may be shared and copied internally within our own secure system, for the purposes of transparency and information sharing.
Offensive or Inappropriate Content
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of UCB, our website or its visitors. If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content to our website or engage in any disruptive behaviour we may use your personal information to stop such behaviour. If we reasonably believe that the content you have posted may be in breach of any applicable laws we may use your personal information to inform any relevant third parties such as law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of our website. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
Any information gathered by the use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis. We do not use cookies to identify you, neither do we store personal information in any cookies or use any indirect information to identify you.
Our website uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Security
Our security policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to user information. We use secure server software to encrypt financial information you input before it is sent to us. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent this.
If for any reason you suspect that your debit or credit card has been used to make an inaccurate or incorrect transaction through our website, please advise us at the earliest opportunity by calling 0845 60 40 401. We will investigate and arrange a refund as necessary.
Disclaimer
We are not liable for damages arising by any means from the use of or inability to use our website or any material contained in it, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using our website.
This website may offer links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of any linked website not operated by us. We are not responsible for any transmission you may receive from any linked website. The inclusion of a link to a website not operated by us does not imply that we endorse or have approved the linked website.Back to navigation
Social media
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, WhatsApp or Twitter, you might give us permission to access the information from those accounts or services.Back to navigation
Testimonies
We regularly receive testimonies from people providing us with feedback which helps us achieve our Christian charitable aims as effectively as possible.
These testimonies are treated as sensitive personal data since they contain information about people’s religious beliefs. Processing is carried out in the course of our legitimate activities with appropriate safeguards. This data is not disclosed outside UCB without your prior consent. Please see Your personal information rights for further details.Back to navigation
Children and young people
If you are under 18 years old you must have the permission of a parent or guardian prior to providing us with any personal information.Back to navigation
Safeguarding
Our underlying ethic and legal intent is the preservation of the rights and freedoms of the individuals in question.
Our default response, where external assistance is required, is to signpost the individual to a competent third party organisation who can offer assistance directly to the individual. We would give the individual the contact details of the organisation and not retain any identifiable information relating to the individual.
We only pass personal information to the authorities where we feel this is absolutely necessary. In the event of receiving an objection we would either stop processing the data, or show that the legitimate interests of the parties affected are compelling enough to justify our decision. Please see Your personal information rights  for further details.Back to navigation
Legacies
We process personal data on the following grounds:
Legitimate interest: We believe we have a have a legitimate interest in ensuring that the personal information of living individuals is processed, where necessary, in order to administer a legacy as efficiently as possible. Please see Your personal information rights for further details.
Compliance with a legal obligation: Relating to the establishment or exercise of a legal claim in order to ensure that we receive the assets that we are entitled to.
Consent: We will seek to obtain explicit consent to process sensitive personal data. However, where this is difficult to obtain in practice, we may consider processing such data in accordance with an alternative basis e.g. compliance with a legal obligation.
Back to navigation
Photography, filming and recording
We will display a notice at any of our venues where photography is taking place, requesting your consent to be photographed, filmed or otherwise recorded. We will direct you to the official who is taking the photographs or filming if you do not wish to be photographed or have any questions.Back to navigation
Journalism
Our activities as a broadcaster include journalism which is classed as a special purpose. Please be aware that we are subject to a series of exemptions from data protection law when processing personal data for this purpose, and such purposes are not relevant to this Privacy Policy unless expressly stated.Back to navigation
Our people
Management of volunteers
We need to use your personal data to manage your volunteering, from the moment you enquire to the time you decide to stop volunteering with us. This could include: contacting you about a role you’ve applied for or we think you might be interested in, expense claims you’ve made, hours you volunteer and to recognise your contribution.
Recruitment and employment
In order to comply with our contractual, statutory, and management obligations and responsibilities, we process personal data, including sensitive personal data, from job applicants, employees and volunteers.
Sensitive personal data can include, but isn’t limited to, information relating to health, racial or ethnic origin, and criminal convictions. In certain circumstances, we may process personal data or sensitive personal data, without explicit consent. Further information on what data is collected and why it’s processed is given below.
Contractual responsibilities: Our contractual responsibilities include those arising from the contract of employment. The data processed to meet contractual responsibilities includes, but is not limited to, data relating to: payroll, bank account, postal address, sick pay, leave, maternity pay, pension and emergency contacts.
Statutory responsibilities: Our statutory responsibilities are those imposed through law on us as an employer. The data processed to meet statutory responsibilities includes, but is not limited to, data relating to: tax, national insurance, statutory sick pay, statutory maternity pay, family leave, work permits, equal opportunities monitoring.
Management responsibilities: Our management responsibilities are those necessary for our legitimate interest in the effective administration of our Human Resources tasks. The data processed to meet management responsibilities includes, but is not limited to, data relating to: contact details, recruitment and employment, training and development, absence and disciplinary matters. Please see Your personal information rights for further details.
Sensitive personal data
This is information about racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs or other similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, and criminal allegations, proceedings or convictions.
In certain limited circumstances, we may legally collect and process sensitive personal data without requiring the explicit consent of an employee:
We will process data about an employee’s health where it is necessary, for example, to record absence from work due to sickness, to pay statutory sick pay, to make appropriate referrals to the Occupational Health Service, and to make any necessary arrangements or adjustments to the workplace in the case of disability. This processing will not normally happen without the employee’s knowledge and, where necessary, consent.
We will process data about, but not limited to, an employee’s racial and ethnic origin, their sexual orientation or their religious beliefs only where they have volunteered such data and only for the purpose of monitoring and upholding our equal opportunities policies and related provisions.
As a Christian organisation, we have a legitimate interest in processing data about religious beliefs. In order for us to employ you based on religious beliefs, values and practices, we must first establish whether or not there is an occupational requirement for you to be a Christian, i.e. is it both necessary and proportionate to require you to be a Christian. You have the right to object to our processing this data, and on receipt of an objection we will either stop processing the data or demonstrate that our legitimate interests are compelling enough to override the objection.
Data about an employee’s criminal convictions will be held as necessary.
Disclosure of personal data to other bodies
In order to carry out our contractual and management responsibilities, we may, from time to time, need to share an employee’s personal data with one or more third party supplier.
To meet the employment contract, we are required to transfer an employee’s personal data to third parties, for example, to our pension provider and HM Revenue & Customs.
In order to fulfil our statutory responsibilities, we’re required to give some of an employee’s personal data to government departments or agencies e.g. provision of salary and tax data to HM Revenue & Customs.
Back to navigation