http://www.afsydney.com.au/terms/
Login
My Cart
Subscribe to our newsletter
Contact Us
ONLINE
COURSE GUIDE
MenuAboutMembersFrench CoursesMedia CentreEventsServicesDiplomasFaq
My Account
Terms
Terms AND CONDITIONS
The Alliance Française de Sydney is the most renowned and reputable French learning centre in Sydney, boasting 120 years of experience in
teaching French. The Alliance Française de Sydney offers a wide range of French courses and services for all levels and ages at its CBD and
Chatswood locations, including a Media Centre and cultural events.
During the pandemic and post-pandemic, as set out by the various government agencies, and for a period to be driven by the circumstances
and the directions from the relevant authorities at the federal or state level, the Alliance Française has decided to shift group classes
and one-on-one lesson in the CBD of Sydney or at its Chatswood branch to distance learning (“E-Tuition”).  These terms
and conditions (“T&C”) will remain applicable until the Alliance Française de Sydney notifies the Student of their
amendment.
ENROLMENT FOR ONLINE CLASSES
1. The person who enrols for learning French with the Alliance Française de Sydney (the “Student”) accepts these T&C.
The Student who had already enrolled with the Alliance Française de Sydney and has had their tuition to E-Tuition is subject to these
T&C. Unless directed otherwise by the Alliance Française de Sydney, the class, the level of the class and the teacher will remain the
same but the tuition will be provided online.
Any new Student is subject to these T&C. The Student’s enrolment comprises the entire agreement between the Alliance Française de
Sydney and the Student, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, negotiations, representations and
warranties, and communications, both written and oral.
2. By accepting these T&C the Student:
who wishes to shift their tuition to E-Tuition agrees that the tuition fee already paid is used for the E-Tuition;
who is a new Student agrees to pay the E-Tuition fees (including GST) for the E-Tuition provided by the Alliance Française de Sydney.
The Student will be using the payment method as agreed by the Student in the enrolment form.  All transactions are in Australian
Dollars.  All prices as displayed on the Alliance Française de Sydney website are inclusive of GST.
3. For the new Student, enrolment can be made online, but will not be confirmed until the full payment has been received in the Alliance
Française de Sydney bank account (please consult the website or the brochure for the most up-to-date details).  A non-beginner Student must
take a placement test before beginning the E-Tuition.  The Student is asked to enrol for the full session of E-Tuition.  E-Tuition fees do
not include textbooks.
4. The new Student accepts to pay the full amount of the E-Tuition fees and it is not refundable even if the Student does not complete the
E-Tuition.
5. If the new Student is under 18, the parent/guardian is responsible for the payment of the E-Tuition fees.
6. The details and duration of the E-Tuition are stated in the confirmation document provided by the Alliance Française de Sydney to the
Student at time of enrolment for the new Student or at the time of the shift of the enrolment to E-Tuition for the already enrolled Student.
7. E-Tuition commencement date is the date upon which the Alliance Française de Sydney:
Receives from the new Student’s the E-Tuition fee in full;
Sends the Students their username and password for the Alliance Française de Sydney online classes access.
8. It is important for the Student to note that an online environment does require an aspect of self-learning, including self-discipline,
dedicated time put aside for classes and homework, and a level of dedication to their E-Tuition.
9. To access to an E-Tuition, the Student is required to have access to the three following tools:
a video conference tool named Google Meet or Zoom for web meetings allowing the Student to see, listen and engage in exchanges with the
teacher;
a platform named Apolearn that the Student can use anywhere, anytime to submit homework and assignments (formal teaching) or take the
opportunity to engage with the Student’s classmates (informal teaching);
a convenient online French keyboard, that will assist the Student with written work and typing accented characters.
10. The E-Tuition enrolment is complete when the Student has been issued a username and password for the Alliance Française de Sydney online
classes access (“E-Tuition Access”).
11. The E-Tuition commencement and thus their duration are effective from the date the E-Tuition is fully paid and the E-Tuition
Access/access to materials is granted.
12. After enrolment, the Student will receive an email from the teacher who is dedicated to Student with an invitation to join the Apolearn
platform.  The Student will be required to click through to the platform and explore the dashboard.  Then the Student will be allowed to
interact with fellow students with a 'bonjour!' on the E-Tuition chat.
E-TUITION
The Alliance Française de Sydney is responsible for allocating the Student to the E-Tuition that best corresponds to the Student’s language
level and needs.  Any change of E-Tuition requires the approval of the teacher. The Student is reminded that he/she cannot choose a
particular Tuition or teacher.  As teachers have extensive experience, every effort will be made to maintain high standards of teaching and
smooth transition from one session of E-Tuition to another or for the replacement of a teacher.  In the best interest of the Student, the
Alliance Française de Sydney asks that first enrolments and re-enrolments be made 1 week prior to the commencement date of each session of
E-Tuition in order to avoid E-Tuition cancellations.  Early re-enrolments will be entitled to the discount stated below under ‘re-enrolment
discount offers’ (the re-enrolment discount does not include the shift of group class or one-on-on tuition to E-Tuition).
The maximum number of students by Tuition is sixteen students.  In the case of insufficient numbers of students or unforeseen circumstances,
the Alliance Française de Sydney reserves the right at its entire discretion to cancel an E-Tuition.  In the event of such cancellation of
an E-Tuition, the Alliance Française de Sydney will offer to the Student the choice of either to be offered another Tuition suitable to the
Student or a transfer of the credits to a later session. The Alliance Française de Sydney reserves the right to change teachers during the
period of E-Tuition.
Please note that E-Tuition will not be held on New South Wales public holidays.  In this case, E-Tuition hours will be extended to
compensate for missed E-Tuition or organised on another day.
E-TUITION FEES
Note that fees cannot be refunded or transferred in the case of cancellation by the Student less than 5 business days before the course
starts (“business day” being in these T&C a day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday in NSW).  No
partial refund can be granted for E-Tuition not attended and no postponement can be allowed except under special circumstances whereby
justification is provided by the Student and approval from the Alliance Française de Sydney is granted at its discretion.  In either
circumstance, an $80 administration fee will be charged to the Student.
In cases of late enrolment and subject to availability, whereby the Student joins from Week 3 of the session of the E-Tuition, an amended
billing will be applied.  However, no adjustments to billings will be made in the event of the Student’s absence from E-Tuition for any
reason.
In the case of illness, whereby a medical certificate is provided by the Student to Alliance Française de Sydney, reimbursements for
E-Tuition not taken may be made.
Confidentiality - privacy
A Student’s ‘personal information’ (as that term is defined in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)) will only be used by Alliance Française
de Sydney to provide the Student with the learning services contemplated by the Student enrolment under these T&C.  Alliance Française
de Sydney’s Privacy Statement is to be found on its website: https://www.afsydney.com.au/privacy/.
We will make reasonable efforts to keep any such information that we have about you secure and to ensure that any of our employees or agents
who have access to information about you do not make any unauthorised use, modification, reproduction or disclosure of that information.
The Alliance Française de Sydney will only disclose the Student’s information:
-        to the extent specifically required by law; or
-        for the purposes of the Student’s enrolment (including disclosing information in connection with any query or claim).
Information provided by the Student is considered confidential and will not be divulged to any third party, nor will it be sold.
Upon enrolment into the E-Tuition, the Alliance Française de Sydney may use the content from the Student’s emails to the Alliance Française
de Sydney in its marketing materials and on its website testimonials page, as well as send the Student a monthly newsletter.  In doing so,
the Student’s identity will never be revealed; however the Alliance Française de Sydney will use the Student’s initials and their city. The
Alliance Française de Sydney will also respect the Student’s privacy and only comments related to course outcomes and the Student’s
experiences will be mentioned.
New ENROLMENT DISCOUNT OFFERS
The Alliance Française de Sydney also rewards special discounts to its most loyal students when they enrol before the early bird deadline:
15% discount for first time or re-enrollers before the cut-off date.
• 5% discount for re-enrollers thereafter, until one week after the start of class.
These enrolments discounts offers apply for all E-Tuition (general and specialised ones) except private E-Tuition and kids and teenagers
holiday courses online.  Please note the early bird discount only applies to full term E-Tuition.
This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
E-Tuition Materials, Access and Assessment
E-Tuition materials are supplied in an online environment, unless otherwise stated in the course description, and are available for viewing
online and may not be either downloaded or copied unless instructed to do so by the Alliance Française de Sydney.
The content of the E-Tuition materials, including copyright and all other such intellectual property rights contained therein, remain the
exclusive property of the Alliance Française de Sydney. The Student will not reproduce any part of the E-Tuition Materials without the
prior written consent of the Alliance Française de Sydney.
E-Tuition materials are personal to the Student and the Student is prohibited to either sell or give or transfer the E-Tuition materials to
any other person or organisation who is not the Student.
E-Tuition materials and E-Tuition content are subject to change.
E-Tuition materials are provided online via our distance learning system as described on the Alliance Française de Sydney’s website.  Due to
the current circumstances the E-Tuition may occasionally be inaccessible for technical reasons or during scheduled maintenance.
One-on-One / PRIVATE / SEMI PRIVATE E-TUITION
Enrolment for one-on-one E-Tuition can be made either online or by calling the Front Desk at (02) 9292 5700.  One-on-one E-Tuition fees
(please consult website or Tuition brochure for the most up-to-date details) are to be paid for a minimum of a 6-hour Tuition and at least 2
Business Days prior to the E-Tuition.  In the event of cancellation of E-Tuition by the student, 1 Business Day notice is required,
otherwise, the full E-Tuition fee will be charged.  To re-schedule the E-Tuition, the Student will have to contact the Alliance Française de
Sydney by telephone at (02) 9292 5700 or online.  E-Tuition fees are not refundable or transferable.  All one-on-one E-Tuition in the
package must be completed within 6 months of the first E-Tuition.  A 5% discount is offered for a 10 hour package.
The Student enrolled in semi-private E-Tuition and missing an E-Tuition won’t be able to reschedule the missed E-Tuition.
CATCH-UP E-TUITION
The Students may enrol in Standard, Easy-Going, Intensive and Conversation for adult E-Tuition, which entitles the Student to a maximum of 3
half-hour make-up E-Tuition per E-Tuition session.  This category of E-Tuition can be booked by calling the front desk at (02) 9292 5700 or
online, and are charged at a rate of $30 on a one-to-one basis (full payment when booking).  No refunds are given for failure by the Student
to attend the E-Tuition.  In the event of cancellation of a catch-up E-Tuition by the Student, one Business Day notice is required,
otherwise, the full E-Tuition fee will be charged.
EXAMS
Enrolment can be made in person or by visiting the Alliance Française de Sydney website or over the phone at (02) 9292 5700.  However,
enrolment will not be confirmed until the full application fee (please consult website or brochure for the most up-to-date costs) and signed
forms have been received by the Alliance Française de Sydney.  Cancellations and deferrals prior to the registration deadline must be made
by the Student in writing. No refund, credit note, deferral or transfer will be granted after the registration closing date.
STUDENT BENEFITS
The Student is entitled to the same benefits as paid members of the Alliance Française de Sydney, including discounts and access to the
Media Centre (subject to availability during the coronavirus crisis period).  This privilege is valid only for the duration of the E-Tuition
and the following 60 days.
Unless the Student becomes a member of the Alliance Française de Sydney by paying the subscription (“Member”), or by being
granted a free membership (“Membership”), the Student is not allowed to take part in any meeting of members of the Alliance
Française de Sydney (general meetings and extraordinary meetings) and do not carry any voting rights for such meetings.
MEMBERSHIP
In the event the Student choses to become a Member of the Alliance Française de Sydney by paying the subscription, or by being granted a
free Membership, Membership of the Alliance Française de Sydney is valid for one year from the purchase date of the Membership.
The Student has to pick up the Membership card at the front desk of the Alliance Française de Sydney or, during the current period of the
coronavirus crisis, by post. Membership allows members to enjoy many advantages and entitles them to vote at the annual general meeting and
as the case may be at the extraordinary meetings.
ALLIANCE FRANCAISE DE SYDNEY'S FRIENDS
The Alliance Française de Sydney's friends card is valid for one year.
Please pick up your card on your next visit to the Alliance Française de Sydney.
This card allows Alliance Française de Sydney's friends to enjoy the same advantages as E-Tuition students.
GIFT VOUCHER
The Alliance Française gift voucher may be applied to any product sold at the Alliance Française de Sydney (E-Tuition, workshops, magazines,
events organized at the Alliance Française).  It is not refundable or exchangeable, nor is it transferable or redeemable for cash. The
voucher does not guarantee admission into E-Tuition.  Admission is subject to the availability of E-Tuition and requires the gift recipient
to contact the Alliance Française de Sydney by telephone at (02) 9292 5700 or online to enrol in a course. It is for single use only and
must be returned to the Alliance Française de Sydney when redeemed.
The voucher is only valid for E-Tuition under these T&C or, when the coronavirus crisis period is finished, for any tuition group class
or one-on-one/private tuition either at the CBD and Chatswood branches or online (E-Tuition).
The voucher is valid for one year after the issue date. If enrolment is made for E-Tuition (or any other tuition after the end of the
coronavirus crisis), which is of a lesser value than the face value of the gift voucher, the difference will not be reimbursed to the
recipient of the voucher, but be kept in credit in the Student account.
PROMOTION CODE
Promotion code is subject to the following rules:
not to be used in conjunction with any other offer;
subject to availability;
is valid for one session and one E-Tuition (or any group class when the coronavirus crisis is finished) only per person (for either
adults, teenagers or children);
does not include private tuition;
is subject to these T&C.
STUDENT OBLIGATIONS
The Student is required to:
Ensure that all the information provided to the Alliance Française de Sydney is accurate
Notify the Alliance Française de Sydney of any contact/details changes (email, telephone, address etc.);
Advise the Alliance Française de Sydney of any difficulties or problems the Student may experience with E-Tuition;
In interaction with the Alliance Française de Sydney’ staffs, teachers and other students (including, but not limited to telephone calls,
emails and instant chats) to conduct civilly and respectfully at all times.
To not, under any circumstances, use abusive language or harass staff, teachers and other students.  The Alliance Française de Sydney
reserves the right to determine, at its sole discretion, what constitutes abusive language and harassment, and where that has occurred;
and may, partially or completely, deny service to the infringing Student;
To not copy and paste content directly from the E-Tuition otherwise, the Student will be in breach of these T&C and the Student’s
enrolment in the session of E-Tuition will be cancelled.  In its sole discretion, the Alliance Française de Sydney may refuse
re-enrolment of the Student to E-Tuition or allow the Student for re-enrolment into another E-Tuition session - charges will apply.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN RELATION TO E-TUITION
To the extent permitted by law, the Alliance Française de Sydney hereby excludes any liability to the Student in contract, tort, statute or
in any other way for any injury, damage or loss of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, any liability for direct, indirect,
special or consequential loss or damage), sustained by the Student or any other person, or for any costs, charges or expenses incurred by
the Student, arising from or in connection with the Student’s E-Tuition enrolment and any act or omission of Alliance Française de Sydney.
To the extent permitted by law, the Student indemnifies and keeps indemnified Alliance Française de Sydney for any loss and damage suffered
by Alliance Française de Sydney by or as a consequence of this enrolment to E-Tuition.
The Student acknowledges that, although it will endeavour to do its bets, the Alliance Française de Sydney does not warrant that the
Student’s improvement in French as a result of E-Tuition.
FORCE MAJEURE
The Alliance Française de Sydney shall not be liable or responsible to the Student, nor be deemed to have defaulted or breached this
agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the enrolment of the Student for E-Tuition when and to the
extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts or circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Alliance Française de
Sydney, including, without limitation, acts of God, flood, fire, earthquake, explosion, governmental actions, war, invasion or hostilities
(whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot, or other civil unrest, national emergency, revolution, insurrection,
epidemic, lock-outs, strikes or other labour disputes (whether or not relating to either party's workforce), or restraints or delays
affecting online operators or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials, materials or telecommunication
breakdown or power outage. This clause expressly includes any further circumstance related directly or indirectly to the current
coronavirus crisis such as governmental/state decisions, unrest, breakdown or power outage, etc.
GOVERNING LAW
All matters arising out of or relating to these T&C and to the enrolment of the Student for E-TUITION are governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of New South Wales without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of New South
Wales or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of New South Wales.
JURISDICTION
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to these T&C and to the enrolment of the Student for E-TUITION
shall be instituted in the courts of New South Wales (Australia).
In connection with any controversy hereunder, each party shall be responsible for its legal fees and disbursements and all court and
related costs and expenses; provided that, if The Alliance Française de Sydney shall be the prevailing party in any such controversy, the
Alliance Française de Sydney shall be entitled to reimbursement of legal fees and disbursements and all court and related costs and
expenses from the Student.
MISCELLANEOUS
Notices: All notices, request, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder (each, a "Notice")
shall be in writing and addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth on the enrolment documents or to such other address that may be
designated by the receiving party in writing.  All Notices shall be delivered by personal delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier
(with all fees pre-paid), facsimile (with confirmation of transmission) or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid).
Amendment and Modification: These T&C may only be amended or modified in a writing that specifically sets forth that said writing
amends these T&C and is signed by an authorized representative of the Alliance Française de Sydney.
Severability: If any term or provision of either these T&C or the enrolment of the Student for E-TUITION is invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of these
T&C or the enrolment of the Student for E-TUITION or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other
jurisdiction.
Survival: Provisions of these T&C and the enrolment of the Student for E-TUITION which by their nature should apply beyond their
terms will remain in force after any termination or expiration of this Order including, but not limited to, the following provisions:
compliance with Laws, confidentiality, Governing Law, submission to Jurisdiction and survival.
We acknowledge the traditional owners of the country on which the Alliance Française de Sydney stands, the Gadigal of the Eora Nation, and
recognise their continuing connection to land, waters and culture.
We pay respect to elders, past, present and emerging.
Contact Us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© Alliance Française de Sydney
ABN 23 151 008 606 / ACN 000783 139
Website Powered by Oncord
Design by Tiptopweb