https://www.oberf.org/privacy.html
Privacy
Regularly updated so be sure to check back often!
Experience Research Foundation ERF (OBERF)
recognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost
importance.
The short explanation is that ERF does not release any personal information without your permission. If anyone wants to contact you, we forward the correspondence to you and then you can decide whether to answer it or not.
The long answer -
This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the
privacy and data collection practices for the site:
http://www.oberf.org. The Site is operated by
Experience Research Foundation.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first
contact our site coordinator at
Identifying Information. In general, you can visit the Site without telling
us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the
Site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us in our research capacity or to answer questions.
Generally, NDERF requests identifying information when you:
*Register for the forum on any of our web sites.
*Provide feedback to an online survey or tell us about an
idea or suggestion.
*Participate in filling out our research questionnaires.
*Request a SPECIAL SERVICE
*Request information, contact, or
from technical support or
customer service.
In these instances, ERF will ask for
your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate
information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you
receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to
"unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.
What ERF
Will Do With Your
Information. If you choose to give us personal information for any of the
purposes above, this information is retained by ERF and will only be used by ERF to support your reader/experiencer relationship with us. We will not add you
to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We
will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a
service.
What Others May Do With Your Information. ERF does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information
provided through our Site (such as your full name or email address) to any outside
organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time ERF may use agents or contractors who
will have access to your personal information to perform services for ERF (such as DATABASE MAINTENANCE,
FURTHER EXAMPLES), however, they are required by us to keep the information
confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the
services for ERF.
Third Party Links
NDERF does allow links to and from other
sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data
collection practices. Once you leave
WWW.OBERF.ORG, ERF cannot control, and has no
responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at
another site.
Changes to this Policy
ERF may from time to time revise
its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you
are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing
information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have
the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the
practices of our web site, you can write to:
Scroll