http://www.beth-tzedec.org/page/terms-of-use
Home
Contact
Calendar
Login / Register
Donate
December 11 / 25th of Kislev
Menu
Services
Lifecycle Events
Jewish Learning
Programs & Events
Social Action / Tikkun Olam
Music
About Us
Donate
Login
December 11 / 25th of Kislev
Services& Sermons
About Services
Daily Services
Shabbat Services
Sermons
Writings from the Rabbis
Festivals & High Holy Days at Beth Tzedec
LifecycleEvents
About Life Cycle Events
Brit Milah / Baby Namings
B'nei Mitzvah
Conversions
Weddings
Illness
Death and Mourning
Planning Your Simhah
JewishLearning
About Jewish Learning
Shabbat Study
Weekday Learning
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Program
Congregational School
Museum
Scholarships
Programs& Events
About Programs & Events
Celebrate R'BFK Tribute Events
Families
Youth
Young Professionals
Adults
Seniors
Getting Involved
Social Action /Tikkun Olam
About Social Action
Community Action
Israel Action & Engagement
Interfaith Action
Music
About Music
Music of Prayer
Music Programs & Events
About Us
About Beth Tzedec
Contact Us
Our Spiritual Leadership
Our Professionals & Staff
Our Leadership
Becoming a Member
Publications & Archives
News
Articles
Cemetery
Beth Tzedec Calendar
Donate
Join
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
BETH
TZEDEC CONGREGATION WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Welcome to the website of Beth Tzedec Congregation (“BT”). Your use of our website and all
content and services available thereon are offered to you on your acceptance of
these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this
website. Your use of this website, or of any content or services presented in
any area of this website, indicates your acknowledgment and agreement to these
Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. We
suggest you print a copy of each of these documents for your records. We shall
have the right, at our sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or
conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any
changes to these Terms of Use shall be effective and binding on you immediately
following the posting of such changes on our, website. You agree to review
these Terms of Use from time to time. These Terms of Use were last modified effective
March 19, 2013.
Disclaimer
Use of our website is provided to you solely for
your own personal use and not for purposes of resale, distribution, public
display or performance or other similar uses by you. Unless otherwise indicated
on our website, you may display, download, reformat and print a single copy of
any information on our website for such personal use. Access to and the right
to use our website may be subject to local laws and regulations. You agree to
comply with all applicable laws and regulations relevant to your use of our
website.
We have made commercial best efforts to obtain and
include on the website the most accurate and timely information available, all
of which is complex and subject to change. Accordingly, we do not guarantee the
accuracy, reliability or completeness of any of the information contained on,
downloaded or accessed from this website.
The performance of our website and all content or
services accessed from or available thereon are provided to you on an “as is”
basis, without representations, warranties or conditions of any kind (to the
fullest extent permissible under applicable law), including any implied
warranties or conditions, or warranties or conditions of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights of third
parties. We make no representation or warranty to you, whether expressed or
implied, that our website and any content or services accessed from or
available thereon will be uninterrupted, error free or corrected in the event
of discovery of any errors, free of viruses or other harmful components, nor
for any breach of security or any damage to your computer system or loss of
data that may result from accessing, downloading, or using any materials from
our website.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to
modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part
or all of our website or any content contained thereon, without liability or
notice to you.
As a visitor to our website, you acknowledge and
agree that any reliance by you on any information available on this website
shall be at your own risk. In no event shall we be liable for any direct,
indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use or
the performance of this website, even if we have been advised of the
possibility of such damages.
Confidentiality
and Transmissions over the Internet
The transmission of data or information (including
communications by email) over the Internet or other publicly accessible
networks is not secure, and is subject to possible loss, interception or
alteration while in transit. Accordingly, we do not assume any liability for
any damage you may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any
transmissions over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks,
including the exchange of e-mail with us (including those which may contain
your personal information). While we shall take commercially reasonable efforts
to safeguard the privacy of any personal information you provide us and treat
such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, in no event will the
information you provide to us be deemed to be confidential, create any
fiduciary obligations to you on our part, or result in any liability to you on
our part in the event that such information is inadvertently released by us or
accessed by third parties without our consent.
Indemnification
by User
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our
affiliates, partners, governors, officers, employees and agents harmless from
any loss, liability, claim, demand, damage, cost or expense (including
reasonable legal fees) asserted by any third party relating in any way to your
use of this website or your breach of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right
to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter subject to
indemnification by you, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations.
Third
Party Websites, Content and Products and Services
Links or pointers to other websites and references
to products and services offered by third parties are provided to you for
convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement or approval by us of the
organizations that operate such websites, the content on such websites, or of
such third party products and services. As we have no control or responsibility
over websites or content maintained by other organizations, or for products and
services offered by third parties, we do not assume any liability for your use
of any of the foregoing, which use you acknowledge and agree shall be at your
own risk.
Proprietary
Rights
The website contains trademarks and related
proprietary property of BT which shall remain the exclusive property of BT, and
any unauthorized use of these marks is unlawful. Other trade-marks on this
website are the property of their respective owners. All content on this
website is the copyrighted property of BT (or, in certain cases, other users of
this website or third party content providers) and is protected by
international copyright law. Information on this website may be used by you
only for your personal use as provided for in these Terms of Use, but may not
be taken out of context or presented in a misleading or discriminatory manner.
Any rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by us.
General
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held
invalid or unenforceable in any respect by any court having competent
jurisdiction, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted
by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall continue in
full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use shall
be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other
provision of these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Province
of Ontario and the laws of Canada
applicable therein, without regard to conflict of laws provisions thereto. The
parties consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of, and venue and situs in, Toronto, Ontario.
With the exception of a breach by you of
intellectual property rights, or any claim for contribution and indemnity under
the “Indemnification by User” provisions above, in the event of any dispute,
the parties shall, at the shared expense of both parties, use their best
efforts to mediate the dispute by an independent mediator appointed by BT, with
such mediation to be held in the City of Toronto, in the Province of Ontario.
In the event that the aforementioned mediation is unsuccessful, the parties
agree that the dispute shall be resolved by a single arbitrator pursuant to the
Arbitration Act, 1991 (Ontario), with
the arbitration to be held in the City of Toronto and the law applicable
thereto shall be the law of the Province of Ontario. The arbitrator appointed
pursuant to the Arbitration Act, 1991
(Ontario) shall be entitled to award costs of the hearing in addition to the
resolution of the claim, and the decision of any such arbitrator shall be final
and binding and not subject to appeal.
These Terms of Use are binding upon you, your heirs,
executors, beneficiaries, successors and assigns and you may not assign this
Agreement to any other party without our prior written consent, which consent
may be withheld in our sole discretion. We may assign this Agreement to any
affiliate or successor company without notice thereof to you.
Contact
If you have any questions, comments or concerns
about our website or these Terms of Use, please contact our Web Administrator
by email at website@beth-tzedec.org
or by regular mail to Beth Tzedec Congregation at: 1700
Bathurst Street, Toronto, Ontario M5P 3K3.  Tel: 416-781-3511
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2020 Beth Tzedec Congregation
1700 Bathurst Street Toronto ON M5P 3K3
Tel: 416-781-3511 Fax: 416-781-0150
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Admin Login