https://www.liverpoolnorthcentral.org.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Churches
Worship and Learning
The Community
Families and Young People
Volunteering
The Liverpool North Central Circuit is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this policy.
The policy below sets out guidelines on how we will handle your personal information:
Information we may collect:
Information about hits/visits to this website.
This information may include your IP address, location, visit time. Number of pages you have viewed and the type of browser that you use.
This information may be used to try to improve our website and to gather statistics regarding our site.
Information you may provide us with to subscribe or register to certain areas of the site.
We will not disclose or sell any personal information about you gathered via our site to any third party without your prior permission, except for those reasons stated in this policy.
Any information we do use will not refer to the user’s identity and will only be used to provide statistics if and when required.
Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures identified elsewhere in this policy we may disclose information about you in the following circumstances:
If we are required to do so by law
In connection to any legal proceedings
To defend our own legal rights
For the prevention of fraud
Data Security
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of your data though due to the nature of the internet we cannot guarantee the safety of your information.
Links to third party websites
We cannot be held responsible for any content or privacy policies of websites which may link to / from this site.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic. Please be aware that our website uses anonymous analytical tracking cookies. We just wanted to let you know so that you can switch cookies off in your browser if you prefer.
The Google Analytics cookies collect information in an anonymous form, the data collected includes the number of visitors to this website, location of visitors and the pages they have visited during their session / time spent on the website.
We may use this non-personal information to compile reports on usability for church use only, and to improve our website.
Amendments
Any amendments or additions to this policy will be uploaded to this page.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I UnderstandRead more