http://www.ubalt.edu/privacy-statement.cfm
Fall 2020: UB's COVID-19 Plan
More information
Skip to content
Main Content
Home
Privacy Statement
The University of Baltimore takes seriously the security and privacy of your personal information. The UB Privacy Statement reflects the requirements of Maryland law, as well as provides information to you about the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The University of Baltimore is committed to providing you with web pages over which you may securely and confidently transact business. However, the University of Baltimore's website may contain links to other websites over which the University of Baltimore has no control. We cannot be responsible for the privacy and protection of any information submitted outside of the University of Baltimore website domain, www.ubalt.edu. Official websites are generally recognizable by a standard template/layout carrying the University logo, contact information and reference to the University’s Privacy Statement.
Personally Identifiable Information
Generally, the University does not automatically collect the identity of individual users of or visitors to University websites. The University uses personally identifiable information, provided by you, such as name and contact information, to respond to requests for information about University services, opportunities, and events and to provide information about new University services, opportunities, and events.
Unless otherwise notified, information provided to the University may be shared among offices within the University and with the University System of Maryland and outside entities as necessary or appropriate in the conduct of legitimate University business and consistent with applicable law. Because the University is a State educational institution, such information may also be subject to disclosure under the Maryland Access to Public Records Act (Public Records Act). Individuals may inspect and/or correct their personal information as provided by applicable law and University policy.
The University uses information available in website server logs, such as network connection details, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, date and time, and content accessed for troubleshooting or design purposes, and to identify performance or problem areas.
The University does not normally attempt to link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, so that the identity of users remains anonymous. The University may use IP addresses to identify a user when necessary to enforce compliance with law or University policies.
The University also uses Google Analytics to understand how visitors find University websites and content, and how they interact with them. We use this information to improve the user experience on the website and to optimize our marketing efforts. While the University uses various first- and third-party tools to collect and report visit data, these data are collected to measure University website and advertising performance and to inform future content and functionality development.
Cookies
The University websites, Google Analytics, and selected third-party online advertising networks store small fragments of text, called "cookies," in the visitor's web browser with limited information such as how the visitor was directed to the website (e.g. from an advertisement), which advertisement was displayed to the visitor, whether the visitor has submitted a form, or how recently the visitor last accessed University websites.
The University uses these cookies to measure the performance of University websites and advertising, to provide Interest-based advertising messages, and to inform development of new content, functionality, or services.
Users may reject or delete these cookies. Please review your Internet browser's help file for instructions on rejecting or deleting cookies. Please, note, however, that some website pages and applications that use cookies may not function properly, may provide less relevant information, or may be slower if cookies are rejected.
Advertising
The University partners with third-parties to display advertising on other websites and to measure performance of that advertising on other sites:
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show University advertising on sites across the Internet.
The University uses remarketing with Google Analytics to display online advertising.
The University uses remarketing with third-party social networks to display online advertising.
The University and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve advertisements based on a visitor's past visits to University websites.
The University and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how the University’s ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to University websites.
The University uses data from Google's interest-based advertising or third-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics and Google Ads to report, optimize, and deliver interest-based advertisements.
European Union's General Data Protection Regulations (EU GDPR)
Individuals located in Europe should use the contact information provided below to request information or take action based on the rights granted under EU GDPR. The University will assist you in learning more about what we do with your personal information and the purpose for which it is used as well as obtaining copies of the information we have about you. In addition, you can have incorrect information corrected or have information deleted if its storage is impermissible or is no longer needed.
Contact Information
The University's Office of Technology Services is available to receive any questions or suggestions from you on this Privacy Policy or more generally, on the topic of data privacy at the University of Baltimore.
Office of Technology Services Call Center
callcenter@ubalt.edu
410.837.6262
Home
About UB
Admission
Academics
Campus Life
Alumni
Schools and Colleges
Yale Gordon College of Arts and Sciences
College of Public Affairs
Merrick School of Business
School of Law
Libraries
Robert L. Bogomolny Library
Law Library
Quick Links
Academic Calendar
Academic Support
Accreditation
Bookstore
Building Hours
Calendar
Consumer Information
Course Schedule
Directions
Directory
Housing
Institutional Effectiveness
Jobs at UB
Mission and Strategic Plan
News
Parking
Policy Guide
Privacy Statement
Recreation Center
Sakai
Sexual Misconduct
Shared Governance
Social Media
UB Police
Clear
Search
Search
Social
University of Baltimore Facebook Page
University of Baltimore Twitter Page
University of Baltimore LinkedIn Page
University of Baltimore Instagram Page
University of Baltimore YouTube Page
University of Baltimore Facebook Page
University of Baltimore Twitter Page
University of Baltimore LinkedIn Page
University of Baltimore Instagram Page
University of Baltimore YouTube Page
MyUB
Give
Back to Home
About UB
Admission
Academics
Campus Life
Alumni
Home
Directory
Sakai
Request Info
Last Published 11/15/20