https://www.coinet.org.uk/policy/
Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Coinet uses and protects any information that the account holder gives Coinet when the account holder uses the Coinet or the Coinet website. Coinet is committed to ensuring that account holders privacy is protected. Should Coinet ask the account holder to provide certain information by which the account holder can be identified when using the Coinet or the Coinet website, then the account holder can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What Coinet collect
Coinet may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Coinet will also use a third party for the purposes of web analytics.
What Coinet do with the information Coinet gather
Coinet require this information to understand account holder needs and provide the account holder with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Coinet may use the information to improve our products and services.
Coinet may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which Coinet think the account holder may find interesting using the email address which the account holder has provided, if the account holder has agreed to receive such information.
From time to time, Coinet may also use account holder’s information to contact the account holder for market research purposes, if the account holder has agreed to be contacted.
Coinet may contact the account holder by email, phone, fax or mail. Coinet may use the information to customise the website according to account holder’s interests.
Security
Coinet is committed to ensuring that account holder’s information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, Coinet have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information Coinet collect online.
How Coinet use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on account holder computer’s hard drive. Once the account holder agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets the account holder know when the account holder visits a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to the account holder as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to account holder’s needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about account holder preferences.
Coinet use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Coinet only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide the account holder with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages the account holder find useful and which the account holder do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to account holder computer or any information about the account holder, other than the data the account holder choose to share with us.
The account holder can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but the account holder can usually modify account holder browser setting to decline cookies if the account holder prefer. This may prevent the account holder from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once the account holder have used these links to leave our site, the account holder should note that Coinet do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, Coinet cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the account holder provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. The account holder should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling account holder’s personal information
The account holder may choose to restrict the collection or use of account holder personal information in the following ways:
Whenever the account holder are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that the account holder can click to indicate that the account holder agree to the information to be used by Coinet for direct marketing purposes.
If the account holder have previously agreed to Coinet using account holder personal information for direct marketing purposes, the account holder may change account holder mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@Coinet.com.
Coinet will not sell, distribute or lease account holder personal information to third parties unless Coinet are required by law to do so. Coinet may use account holder personal information to send the account holder promotional information about third parties which Coinet think the account holder may find interesting if the account holder tell us that the account holder agrees to this.
If the account holder believe that any information Coinet are holding on the account holder is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email Coinet as soon as possible, at the above address. Coinet will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Cookie Policy
Our Cookie statement: Coinet use cookies which are tiny files that Coinet store on account holder’s computer. They help Coinet identify the account holder from other users and allow us to give the account holder the best experience when the account holder visit the website.
Types of Cookies: To help the account holder understand more about our cookies, Coinet have divided cookies into three categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies – These cookies are essential for operation of the website. They don’t collect any personal information about the account holder. They may include, for example, logging into secure areas of the website, use of a shopping basket or using e-billing services.
Analytical Cookies – These cookies allow us to monitor the behavioural activity of the users. They don’t collect any personal information about the account holder. Coinet use these cookies to help us to improve the way the website works for the account holder. Types of information they collect include, for example how many visitors to the website or which pages they had come from previously.
Functionality Cookies – These cookies allow us to personalise account holder experience and recognise when our users return to our website. They may provide services which include, for example, choice of the account holder.
Targeting Cookies – These cookies record a user’s visit to a website, the individual pages visited and links followed. These cookies may be set by a third party and may be used to target users for online advertising.
Below is a list of the cookies Coinet actually use on the website. The account holder will find more information on each one and their specific purpose.
Google Analytics Strictly Necessary
This is a popular tool where the cookies collect anonymous information about users and how they use our website. Typical information it collects would include how many visitors Coinet get to the website and how long visitors stay on our website.
[ Sign-Up ]
Coinet use this cookie to help us when the account holder sign up to register with us. This cookie only lasts while the account holder are visiting our website. It will be deleted once the account holder close account holder browser.
[ Log-In ] Strictly Necessary
Coinet use this cookie to show when the account holder are logged into our website. This cookie only lasts while the account holder are visiting our website. It will be deleted once the account holder close account holder browser.
More Information on Google’s Privacy Policies
3rd Party
Coinet uses a 3rd party (Inspectlet) to collect analytics and improve the user experience.
COMMENTS
Coinet brings you environmental news and insightful articles on the environment, pollution, energy, recycling, climate change and much more.PagesAbout
Contact
Advertise
Terms
Policy
Useful Links
Our Partners
© 2017 Coinet. All rights reserved.
Type something and Enter