http://www.arlingtondiocese.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Find a Mass
Employment
Ethicspoint
Protecting Our Children
Donate
Menu
View Site in English / Spanish
About Us
The Diocese
Our History
Previous Bishops
2019 Annual Report
Communications
Press Releases
Arlington Catholic Herald
eNewsletter
Diocesan Podcasts
The Public Square
Virginia Catholic Conference
Peace and Justice Commission
Advisory Council on Racism
Diocese of Arlington Directory
Diocesan Offices
Programs and Ministries within the Diocese of Arlington
Speakers Bureau
Human Resources
Employment Opportunities
Employee Benefits
Payroll and Compensation
Diocesan Employee Policy Manual
Office of Canonical Affairs and the Tribunal
Annulment information
Marriage Permissions and Dispensations
Change of Ascription
Office of Clergy
Clergy Login
Events Calendar
Bishop
About Bishop Burbidge
Public Schedule
Coat of Arms
Curriculum Vitae
In the Media
From the Bishop
The Walk Humbly Podcast and Radio Spots
Videos of Homilies
Public Messages and Homilies
Arlington Catholic Herald
Marriage & Family
Office of Marriage, Family, and Respect Life
2minutes2virtue
40Days40Ways
Marriage
Marriage Preparation
Dispensations and Permissions
Natural Family Planning
Marriage Enrichment
Respect Life
Praying and Fasting to End Abortion
Pro-Life Legislation and Advocacy
Pro-Life Education and Resources
Find Support
Pregnancy Loss & Infertility
Divorced and Separated Catholics
Help For Pregnant Women
Help After Abortion
Men's and Women's Ministries
Catholic Conferences
Catholic Retreats
Parish Programs for Men
Parish Programs for Women
Schools
Our Schools
Schools Directory
Curriculum Guidelines
International Students
Tuition Assistance
Why Choose Catholic Schools
Testimonials
Catholic School Statistics
International Students
High School Placement Test Information
Supporting Catholic Schools
Giving
Volunteering in Catholic Schools
Pray for Catholic Education
Protecting our Children
Schools Office
Contact Us
For School Personnel
High School Placement Test Information
Careers
Benefits
Application
School Accreditation
Vocations
A Call to Be Holy
For Men
For Women
Vocations Events
Events for Men
Events for Women
High School Events for Boys
High School Events for Girls
Meet our Seminarians, Priests and Religious
Meet our Seminarians
Meet our Priests
Religious Life
Religious Orders for Women
Promote Support and Pray for Vocations
Promote
Support
Pray
Resources and Request Materials
Enrich Your Faith
Faith & Worship
Evangelization
Catechetical Resources
Becoming Catholic
Divine Worship
Youth Ministry
Events
Resources
Catholic Scouting
Catholic Sports
Events
Conferences
Retreats
Watch and Listen to Past Conferences
San Damiano Spiritual Life Center
Young Adult Ministry
Theology on Tap
Catholic Sports Club
Parish Groups
Events
Men's and Women's Ministries
Men's Ministry
Women's Ministry
Men's Parish Programs
Women's Parish Programs
Bienvenido
Hispanohablantes
¿Quiénes somos?
Boletín Católico
Instituto de Formación Pastoral
Calendario
Multicultural Ministries
African and African American Ministries
Asian and Pacific Islander Ministries
European Ministries
Native American, South American, Migrant and Hearing Impaired Ministries
Other Resources
Campus Ministry
2Minutes 2Virtue Weekly Challenge
Find Support
Pregnancy Assistance
Parishes with Gabriel Project
Pregnancy Loss and Infertility
Events/Resources
Adverse Prenatal Diagnosis
Separated and Divorced
Morning of Mercy Retreat
Parish Divorce Support Groups
Annulment Information
Help After Abortion
Healing Retreats
Help for You
Sexual Abuse Victim Survivors
How to Report Sexual Abuse
Recommended Reading
Counseling, Programs, and Events
Same Sex Attraction
Courage
Encourage
Resources for Chastity
Pornography Addiction Resources
Catholic Charities, Diocese of Arlington
Food, housing and clothing
Adoption, counseling and free medical care
Immigrant and refugee services
Rent and utility assistance
Give
Bishop's Lenten Appeal
Ministries Supported
Ways to Give
Contact Us
Ways to Contribute to the Appeal
Donate Online
Make a Gift of Stock
Corporate Giving
IRA Charitable Rollover Gifts
The Foundation for the Catholic Diocese of Arlington
The Mission
Testimonials
Board of Directors
Financially Support Seminarian Education
Planned Giving
Gift Planning
Estate Planning
Contact Us
Giving Opportunities
Donate to Missions
Second Collections
Gabriel Project/Project Rachel
Leadership Gift Program
Other Ways to Contribute
Scholarship Foundation
Donate to Catholic Charities
Catholic Communication Campaign
Volunteer Opportunities
Help Expectant Mothers
Promote Healing After Abortion
Volunteer with Catholic Charities
Find a Mass
Employment
Ethicspoint
Protecting Our Children
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is a priority for the Catholic Diocese of Arlington (CDA). This Statement of Privacy applies to the Catholic Diocese of Arlington (CDA) and its primary website www.arlingtondiocese.org, and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Catholic Diocese of Arlington or CDA include www.arlingtondiocese.org. The CDA website is a non-profit news, information, and ecommerce site. By using the CDA website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of your Personal Information CDA will collect personally identifiable information (PII)on its site, www.arlingtondiocese.org, when you subscribe to its newsletter, register for an event, or process a donation.  To complete these transactions CDA will collect PII, such as your:   •	First and Last Name •	Mailing Address •	E-mail Address •	Phone Number   For visitors who use the site to register for a camp, such as work camp or vocations camp, CDA will also collect additional demographic and medical information, which is unique to you, such as your:   •	Age•	Gender•	Allergies•	Medical Conditions   We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for e-Newsletter account; (b) registering for an event; (c) signing up to attend or volunteer for a youth camp; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when registering or donating on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to events or donations that you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. Use of your Personal Information CDA collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.   CDA may share personally identifiable information with trusted affiliated entities (Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Arlington www.ccda.net and Arlington Catholic Herald www.catholicherald.com) also use your to inform you of other events, activities or volunteer opportunities available from CDA and its affiliates. Sharing Information with Third Parties CDA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.   CDA may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail or provide support or assistance. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CDA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.   CDA may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CDA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CDA; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CDA, or the public. Tracking User Behavior CDA may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within CDA, in order to determine what CDA information or events are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content within CDA site to visitors whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Automatically Collected Information Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CDA. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the site, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CDA website. Links This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. Security of your Personal Information CDA secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. CDA has a layered security infrastructure to secure your personal information both while in transit through its site and while at rest (stored) in its database.  When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.   We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed. Children Under Thirteen CDA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. E-mail Communications From time to time, CDA may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.   If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from CDA, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the unsubscribe button. External Data Storage Sites We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted. Changes to this Statement CDA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy. Contact Information CDA welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CDA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact CDA at:   Information Technology OfficeCatholic Diocese of Arlington 200 N. Glebe Road Arlington, Virginia 22203   Email Address: Info.Admin@arlingtondiocese.org   Telephone number: 703-841-2500   Effective as of December 19, 2018