http://www.stpaulsnewarkde.org/about-us/website-terms-of-service/
Home
Pastor’s Message
Visiting? Enter here!
Photo Gallery on Facebook
About Us
Staff
Council
Directions
St. Paul’s History
News
Prayer List
Latest News
Master Calendar
The Epistle (Newsletter)
Reports & Meeting Notes
St. Paul’s on Facebook
Members’ Information
Concert Series
Worship
Service Times & Descriptions
Worship Bulletin & Weekly Epistle
Reflections on Sundays Readings
Children at Worship
Seasonal
Sermons
Lectionaries
Yearly Lectionary
Fine Arts Ministry
Worship Arts
Music Ministry
Weddings
Funerals & Memorial Garden
Faith Connections Ministry
Faith Connections
Kitchen Table Bible School
Confirmation
Middle School Youth
High School Youth
Adult Education and Bible Study
St. Paul’s Preschool
Fellowship
Youth Events
Senior High Youth Group
Women of the ELCA (WELCA)
Quilters
Busy Hands
OWLs (Older Wiser Lutherans)
St. Paul’s Cooks
Serve
Worship and Music
Welcome Visitors
Property Committee
Other Committees
Office Volunteer
Serve Others
Provide Hospitality
Give
2021 Pledge Campaign
If We Give
Hilltop Lutheran Neighborhood Center
Links
St. Paul’s School
Evangelical Lutheran Church in America
Delaware-Maryland Synod
Lutheran Campus Ministry
Blogs
St. Paul’s Cooks
News
Lutheran Seminary – God Pause Devotions
Saint Paul's Lutheran Church701 S. College Avenue, Newark, DE 19713
|
302 368-0064You are here: Home / About Us / Website Terms of ServiceWebsite Terms of Service
Welcome to the website for St. Paul’s Lutheran Church of Newark. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern St. Paul’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term St. Paul’s Lutheran Church or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 701 S. College Avenue, Newark, Delaware, 19713. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use in ministry. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any resources, services, or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising from such use of the website is subject to the laws of Delaware, as well as laws of the United States of America.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of St. Paul’s Lutheran Church. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However St. Paul’s Lutheran Church takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how St. Paul’s Lutheran Church uses and protects any information that you give our congregation when you use this website.
St. Paul’s Lutheran Church is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.  St. Paul’s Lutheran Church may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective as of August 12, 2013.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name, organization, and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as address and zip code, preferences, and interests
billing and credit card information, when applicable
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our resources and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new resources, events, and activities that we think you may find interesting using the email address that you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for fundraising purposes. We may contact you by email or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies:
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for fundraising purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at stpaulsoffice@comcast.net.
When you receive an email from St. Paul’s Lutheran Curch, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of further emails.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Together in Spirit
Advent candlelighting
St. Paul’s Interactive worship bulletin
St. Paul’s Family Worship
Compline video
Night Prayer Compline
Passing the Plate
Come and See
Visiting?
Enter here!
Directions
Bulletin and Weekly Epistle
Staff Contact
Newsletter (Epistle)
Tithe.ly
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Facebook
2021 Pledge Campaign
Sign up for St. Paul's News for the Week
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name
* = required field
powered by MailChimp!
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · Prose Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log inClick here to see our website's terms of service.