https://www.sacredsource.com/privacy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
FAQ
|
Contact Us
|
QUICK ORDER
|
View Cart
|
My Account
Departments
Specials
Stocking Stuffers!
The Perfect Gift!
Bestsellers!
New!
Closeouts!
AMERICAS
BOOKS, CDS & TAROT
BUDDHIST
CELTIC
EGYPTIAN
GNOSTIC
GODDESS & PAGAN
GREEK & ROMAN
HINDU
INCENSE & SMUDGING HERBS
JEWELRY & MALAS
LGBTQIAP+ Pride!
MIDDLE EAST
NORSE
ORISHAS
PEACE & JUSTICE!
PERFUME & SOAP
WANDS
WILLENDORF
Signature Artist Series
Legend Kolkata!
View Cart
Account Info
Request Catalog
Address Book
PRINTABLE ORDER FORM
Click here for our printable order form.
RETURN POLICY
Sacred Source offers a full guarantee of satisfaction on all items as well as the deep appreciation of our community in Calcutta for your patronage. Simply return any unsuitable item within 15 days for complete merchandise refund, credit or exchange. Use the return form on the back of your invoice or download and print a form from our website. Please note: our photographs usually depict the finish you will receive, but because all of our statues are handmade, finishes will occasionally vary.
Click here for our printable return form.
OUT OF STOCK/BACKORDER POLICY
If an item you order is out of stock, we won't charge your card for it and will automatically backorder that item. Unless you cancel the backorder before it comes into stock, we will automatically charge your card and ship the item out when it is restocked. There is no additional shipping charge for backorders (this does not apply to wholesale orders or orders shipped to another country).
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Policy Statement
Sacred Source has always reliably protected the confidentiality of our customers' information.
We may occasionally make our customer list of names and addresses available to carefully screened companies whose products, services and activities might be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive such mailings, please let us know. If you choose to opt out of this feature, we will use your information only to complete your orders to Sacred Source and to mail you our catalog. You may phone, email, mail a letter, or send a fax to tell us not to rent your information. Please be sure to include your full name and address so we may promptly process your request.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Website.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
• Name
• Mailing address
• Email address
• Credit card number
• Home and business phone number
• Other personal information (i.e. mother’s maiden name)
Email Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Website Use Information
Similar to other commercial Websites, our Website utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Website is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Website, and the Websites visited just before and just after our Website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers’ personal information.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s Web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use Website browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Website users’ browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our Website and better serve our customers. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Website to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Website as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Website and evaluate our Website’s visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you although they do permit us to send focused online banner advertisements or other such responses to you.
Sharing Information with Vendor Contractors
In the course of practicing business we do share information with Vendors and Sub-Contractors so that we may provide more fuller service. These companies include but are not limited to credit card processing companies, merchant services, website hosting and email list hosting companies, the U.S. Postal Service, shipping companies, and mailing services. These companies are covered by their own Privacy policies, and although we hold them to the same privacy standards, we are not liable for their actions.
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our client, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request at Spirit@SacredSource.com.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When you send confidential personal credit card information to us on our Website, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our Website.
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Information Security. We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations. Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing spirit@sacredsource.com.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Website?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Website nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Website.
Click to See Our Goddess Gift Guide!
Company Information
About Us
Wholesale Information
Policies
Testimonials
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
FAQ
Returns
Contact Us
E-Commerce Solutions
All photos and descriptions ©1978 - 2014 Sacred Source
Call 1-800-290-6203  10am - 6 pm Eastern Time  Mon-Fri
email spirit@sacredsource.com