https://www.ficm.org.uk/terms?phpMyAdmin=OPb9pCUWbQ1VtSGTbCfYFEv7It1
Skip to main content
Terms Of Use And Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
As a registered charity, Freedom in Christ Ministries (FICM) places great value on our relationships with visitors, supporters, and friends. We want to do what can to earn and maintain your trust. We have created this privacy policy to let you know how we protect any personal information that you provide to us to identify yourself.
FICM is registered under the Data Protection Act. We will not sell or make available to any other organisation the personal information that we collect from you unless you specifically authorise us to do so or we are required by law to do so.
Freedom in Christ collects information in several ways. If you
correspond with our staff
make a request to be added to our mailing list
register for events
register as a user of Freedom In Christ’s products
purchase materials by phone or via our website, or
make donations by phone mail or the internet,
we collect your contact information (name, address, e-mail address) so that we can communicate with you.
We do not keep records (written or computerised) of any credit or debit card information you may disclose to us to make purchases.
If you decide that you would prefer to be removed from our mailing list, you can
change your preferences on-line
send an e-mail using our contact form
call 0118 321 8084
send a letter to Freedom in Christ Ministries, PO Box 2842, Reading RG2 9RT.
Please be aware that it may take about 4 weeks for mail to stop.
Terms Of Use
1. General
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use Licence
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on FICM's web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a licence,
not a transfer of title, and under this licence you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on FICM's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This licence shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by FICM at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this licence, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on FICM's web site are provided "as is". FICM makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, FICM does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall FICM or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on FICM's Internet site, even if FICM or a FICM authorised representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on FICM's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. FICM does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. FICM may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. FICM does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
FICM has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by FICM of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
FICM may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to FICM's web site shall be governed by the laws of England.
TECHNICAL SUPPORT
About Us
Freedom In Christ Ministries is a registered charity (no. 1082555) and company limited by guarantee (no. 3984116) that exists to support church leaders to make fruitful disciples of every generations. Founded in the USA by Dr Neil T. Anderson in 1989, the UK Ministry was established in May 2000. We are a member of the Evangelical Alliance and Global Connections... (more)
News
Choose Freedom in 2021 - Online Courses For Leaders start January
Proclaim Freedom This Christmas!
New Area Directors For Europe
TRANSFORM "T20" is a go!
Our brand new website is just around the corner!
Latin America Lockdown - Freedom's breaking out!
Events
The Grace Course For Leaders - ONLINE COURSE - Friday Afternoons
08 Jan 2021
Freed To Lead - Be The Leader God Created You To Be - ONLINE COURSE - Monday Evenings
11 Jan 2021
Freedom In Christ Course For Leaders - ONLINE COURSE - Wednesday Afternoons
13 Jan 2021
Keys To Health, Wholeness & Fruitfulness - ONLINE COURSE FOR LEADERS - Monday Afternoons
18 Jan 2021
disciple - the Freedom In Christ message for 18-30s - ONLINE COURSE FOR LEADERS - Wednesday Evenings
27 Jan 2021
Social & Contact Us
Follow us @ficmuk:
Freedom In Christ Ministries,PO Box 2842, Reading RG2 9RT, UK.
Tel: +44 (0)118 321 8084
FAQs and Contact Us here