http://www.bohranet.com/privacy
Navigation
Home
Forums
VepaarBusiness Ideas
RecipesRecipe Videos
Links
ServicesMiqat Calendar
Videos
Blogs
Site map
FAQ/Help
You are hereHome » Privacy statement
Privacy statement
How Bohra Net handles your private dataThe Bohra Net is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the Bohra Net sites. We intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information, including registration data. As part of the normal operation of the Bohra Net sites, we collect information from you. This Privacy Statement describes the information we collect about you and how that information maybe used.Information Gathered through the Bohra Net Currently, Bohra Net uses personal information as a basis for notifications to users. Generally, the user names, email addresses, and any additional information that a user may choose to post are publicly available on the Bohra Net sites. When users voluntarily and publicly disclose personal information that may containRegistration Data or otherwise post personal information in conjunction with content subject to a license, such personal information necessarily will be disclosed subject to the terms of the applicable license. An example of sucha disclosure includes, but is not limited to, a user's disclosure of personal information as part of a message posted to a public message forum, or a publicly-releasedsoftware application.Bohra Net may conduct surveys or other studies of its user base and usage for marketing and planning purposes. Participation in such surveys is at the user's option,but Bohra Net does reserve the right to conduct mandatory surveys in the future. With respect to information collected from such surveys or studies, and in theevent that responses are to be publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey and Bohra Net will disclose only aggregate informationregarding its users and not personal information identifying any specific individual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in cases where surveys allow users to submitwritten comments, and where Bohra Net advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, Bohra Net reserves the right to disclose textinformation provided by any user through such a survey, provided that no personal information identifying that user is disclosed. Circumstances under which Bohra Netwould publicly disclose aggregate information include, but are not limited to, sharing survey results with the site population, providing data to Bohra Net advertiserson user preferences and/or demographics, business planning, and publicizing overall usage data in press communications.Cookies: Bohra Net employs "cookies" to provide users with tailored information.A "cookie" is an element of data that a website, when visited by a user, sends to that user's browser which, in turn, may store that element on the user's hard drive or memory. Bohra Net uses cookies to better serve users ofour Bohra Net sites; any cookies sent by x-mode will be marked so that they will be accessible only by the Bohra Net sites subject to this Privacy Statement.However, at his or her option and at his or her sole expense and responsibility, any user may block or delete our cookies from his or her hard drive. However,by disabling cookies, certain site features and functionality may no longer work properly, or at all.Other Notification: Bohra Net may use user-provided e-mail addresses to contact users on an individual basis. At no time, unless such disclosure is required by law, a governmental agency, or specifically authorized by the user, will Bohra Net disclose individual user personal information to unrelated third parties that is not publicly available.Links with other sites The Bohra Net sites contains links to other websites, whether owned or controlled by Bohra Net affiliates, or unrelated third parties. Please note that the privacypolicies of these sites may differ from those of the Bohra Net sitea. Bohra Net is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any linked website.We encourage you to read the privacy statement of any website you may visit.Choice"Opt-in" Emails: Users may "opt-in" to receive site notifications, newsletters, or other information via email. Users may remove themselves from such services at their discretion. Any email sent to an "opt-in" listwill include directions for how a user may remove himself or herself from the list, or a URL where the user may find such directions.Profile Display: In some cases, users' personal information may be publicly available through a user's profile display. In such cases, users have the optionto opt out of publicly displaying their personal information, including e-mail addresses. Users may also enlist this technique when posing comments on theBohra Net sites. In cases where site profiles allow users to display optional information publicly, such entry and display is at the user's discretion and may be changed at any time by the user.Email Display: In some cases, users may have the opportunity to use the Bohra Net sites to send electronic mail to another user or email list. In such cases, a user's valid email address and real name will be included with such messages. In order to prevent abuse, users may not opt-out of such a display, but maychoose to refrain from using the x-mode site to transmit an email message.AccessOn the Bohra Net sites, users can view their data on their personal profile page. Users are permitted to update their personal information directly through Bohra Net.SecurityTo secure site integrity, Bohra Net employs measures, including but not limited to security audits, use of encryption tools and software, and other reasonablesecurity measures and procedures.Internal access to users' private and nonpublic personal information is restricted to site administrators and individuals on a need-to-know basis.EnforcementIn the event that Bohra Net becomes aware that site security is compromised or nonpublic user information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including but not limited to external security attacks, Bohra Net shall take reasonable measures which it deems appropriate, including but not limited to internal investigation and reporting, and notification toand cooperation with law enforcement authorities, notwithstanding other provisions of this Privacy Statement.If Bohra Net becomes aware that a user's personal information provided to Bohra Net has been disclosed in a manner not in accordance with this Privacy Statement,Bohra Net shall make reasonable efforts to notify the affected user, as soon as reasonably possible and as permitted by law, of what information has been disclosed,to the extent that Bohra Net knows this information.No Guarantees For Factors Beyond Bohra Net's ControlWhile this Privacy Statement expresses Bohra Net's standards for maintenance of private data, it is not in a position to guarantee that the standards will alwaysbe met. There may be factors beyond Bohra Net's control (e.g., "script kiddies", "crackers and other malcontents") that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, Bohra Net disclaims any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of private information. LinkedIn
Search form
Search
User login
Username or e-mail *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Who's new
azizmrangwala
shamshir ali
Hussain dewaswala
Hozefa 52
sakina miyagamwala
Member agreementPrivacy statement  RSS/XML FeedsBN User List
Syndicate
More
Copyright © 2020, Bohra Net
Theme by
Zymphonies