http://www.fame.org/privacy-policy
HOME
Blog
Articles: Table of Contents
Videos: Table of Contents
Larry Parks
Edwin Vieira
Ferdinand Lips
Site Map
ABOUT
About
Brief Summary
Notable Quotes
START HERE
How Real US Money Became Bogus, aka, Fiat, Money
Summary of Tradeoffs Between Gold and Paper Money, Public Policy and Informational Issues
Six Reasons Why Promoting the Gold Standard is a Mistake
ISSUES
Labor Unions
Manufacturing & Trade
Retirement Security
Constitution & Legal
Monetary System
Religion Related
Investment Gold
Federal Reserve
PUBLICATIONS
Larry Parks Testifies Before the US Congress
What Does Mr. Greenspan Really Think?
MEDIA
Lectures
Interviews
Radio Interviews
CONTACT
SUPPORT
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy Print This Page
When accessing our Website, FAME.org, Foundation for the Advancement of Monetary Education, Ltd. 501(c)(3) will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we collect and store only the following information about you:
1. The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
2. The date and time you access our site
3. The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.
4. information disclosed by you via Facebook log-in including your username, name, password, birth date, city, gender and email address.
If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message and provide a more personalized experience based upon information you provide and your preferences.
The information collected is for statistical purposes. Foundation for the Advancement of Monetary Education, Ltd. 501(c)(3) may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, Foundation for the Advancement of Monetary Education, Ltd. 501(c)(3) uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Foundation for the Advancement of Monetary Education, Ltd. 501(c)(3) will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.
FollowShareShare this:TweetLike this:Like Loading...
Meaningful Insights
“Money power denounces, as public enemies, all who question its methods or throw light upon its crimes.”++
— Wm. Jennings Bryan
Most Christians, Jews, Catholics, and Muslims know that … Read on
Recent Posts
The Most Important Worker Right: The Right to be Paid with Real Money
When is “Free-trade” not Free-trade?
When it’s done with fake, a.k.a., “fiat” money
Larry Parks Testifies Before the US Congress
What Does Mr. Greenspan Really Think?
Interview with Jay Taylor
Subscribe
Receive periodic updates on FAME research, events, and publications.
Email Address
CONTACT
FAME
909 Third Avenue #625
New York, NY 10150
Phone: 212-818-1206
Contact Us
SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
YouTube
Google+
Instagram
ALSO FROM FAME
ACLU
AFL-CIO
KC Labor
The Chief Leader
Union Democracy
The Work Site
%d bloggers like this: