https://www.winrock.org/privacy-policy/
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
Sign-up for monthly updates on Winrock's work around the world.
Privacy Statement
Last Revised: 7/13/2018
Winrock International is an Arkansas not-for-profit corporation with headquarters located at 2101 Riverfront Drive, Little Rock, AR 72202 USA. Winrock (collectively with its subsidiaries, “Winrock,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our,”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with this website privacy policy statement (the “Statement”).
This Statement should be read in conjunction with our website Terms of Use, into which this Statement is incorporated by reference. All information collected and processed under this Statement is processed in the United States.
This Statement describes:
The types of information we collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website available at: www.winrock.org (“the Website”) as well as any related blogs or websites directly owned by the Company (“our websites”).
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Please read this Statement carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, then please do not use our websites.
By using our websites, you agree to the terms of this Statement.
This Statement may change from time to time (see below, “Changes to this Statement”).
Your continued use of our websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Statement periodically for updates.
What We Collect and How We Collect It
You can always view the Website without providing any information.
To ensure that we provide you with the best possible experience, we will store, use, and share information about you in accordance with this Statement.
Information You Provide to Us
Personal Information is any information that can be used to individually identify you from a larger group, such as data including, but not limited to, your:
first and last name;
email address;
telephone number;
home mailing address;
payment card information (donations); and
comments or messages provided in free text boxes.
You may provide us Personal Information when you:
request information or otherwise communicate with us;
request to be added to a contractor list;
apply for employment or to be a volunteer;
make a donation;
subscribe to our emails or newsletters, or
volunteer for a technical assistance project.
The information that you provide in each case will vary. In some cases, we may ask you to create a username and password that should only be known to you.
Online forums.
Information you post to public forums (message boards) may be used for Winrock communication efforts. Remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, which may be used by other parties without your consent. Always exercise caution when disclosing Personal Information in public forums. We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any Personal Information posted by you in public forums. Do not use your full name as your user name when you post information in public forums on the Website if you do not want your full name to be publicly available.
Automated Information Collection
In addition to the information that you provide to us, we may also collect information about you during your visit to our Website.
We collect this information using automated tools that are detailed below.
These tools may collect information about your behavior and your computer system, such as your internet address (IP Address), the pages you have viewed, and the actions you have taken while using the Website.
Some of the tools we use to automatically collect information about you may include:
(a) Cookies.
A “cookie” is a small data file transmitted from a website to your computer’s hard drive.
Cookies are usually defined in one of two ways, and we may use both of them:
(1) session cookies, which do not stay on your computer after you close your browser, and
(2) persistent cookies, which remain on your computer until you delete them or they expire.
We use the following categories of cookies on our Website.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have requested, such as maintaining a record of your purchased items (e.g. a shopping cart), cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies.
These cookies collect anonymous information on how people use our Website to help us understand how you arrive at our site, browse or use our Website and highlight areas where we can improve, such as navigation. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
Functionality Cookies.
These cookies remember choices you make such as the country from which you visit our Website, your preferred language, and your search parameters. This information can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make your visits to our Website more tailored to your preferences. The information in these cookies may be anonymized.
These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies. These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks.
One such trusted third party partner is Google Analytics.
The Website sends aggregated, non-Personal Information to Google Analytics for the purpose of providing us with the ability to conduct technical and statistical analysis on the Website’s performance.
For more information on how Google Analytics supports the Website and uses information sent from the Website, please review Google’s privacy policy available at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
Of course, if you do not wish to have cookies on your devices, you may turn them off at any time by modifying your internet browser’s settings. However, by disabling cookies on your device, you may be prohibited from full use of the Website’s features or lose access to some functionality.
(b) Web Beacons.
A Web Beacon is an electronic image. Web Beacons can track certain things from your computer and can report activity back to a web server allowing us to understand some of your behavior. If you choose to receive emails from us, we may use Web Beacons to track your reaction to our emails. We may also use them to track if you click on the links and at what time and date you do so. Some of our third party marketing partners may use Web Beacons to track your interaction with online advertising banners on our websites.
This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your Personal Information.
Please note that any image file on a webpage can act as a Web Beacon.
(c) Embedded Web Links.
Links provided in our emails and, in some cases, on third party websites may include tracking technology embedded in the link. The tracking is accomplished through a redirection system. The redirection system allows us to understand how the link is being used by email recipients.
Some of these links will enable us to identify that you have personally clicked on the link and this may be attached to the Personal Information that we hold about you. This data is used to improve our service to you and to help us understand the performance of our marketing campaigns.
(d) Third Party Websites and Services.
We work with a number of service providers of marketing communications technology. These service providers may use various data collection methods to improve the performance of the marketing campaigns we are contracting them to provide. The information collected can be gathered on our websites and also on the websites where our marketing communications are appearing. For example, we may collect data where our banner advertisements are displayed on third party websites.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Other than as disclosed in this Statement, the Website does not track users over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. Therefore, the Website does not operate any differently when its receives Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals from your internet web browser.
Your Choices and Selecting Your Privacy Preferences
We want to provide you with relevant information that you have requested.
If we provide subscription-based services, such as email newsletters, we will allow you to make choices about what information you provide at the point of information collection or at any time after you have received a communication from us while you are subscribed to the service.
Any transactional or service-oriented messages are usually excluded from such preferences, as such messages are required to respond to your requests or to provide goods and services, and are not intended for the purposes of marketing.
We will not intentionally send you email newsletters and marketing emails unless you consent to receive such marketing information.
After you request to receive these emails, you may opt out of them at any time by selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email.
Please note that by opting out or unsubscribing you may affect other services you have requested we provide to you, in which email communication is a requirement of the service provided.
Any such communications you receive from us will be administered in accordance with your preferences and this Statement.
Winrock will delete all Personal Information and discontinue all further contact with any person who submits a request by contacting Winrock as described below.
Accuracy and Access to Your Personal Information
We strive to maintain and process your information accurately.
We have processes in place to maintain all of our information in accordance with relevant data governance frameworks and legal requirements.
We employ technologies designed to help us maintain information accuracy on input and processing.
Where we can provide you access to your Personal Information in our possession, we will always ask you for a username and password to help protect your privacy and security.
We recommend that you keep your password safe, that you change it periodically, and that you do not disclose it to any other person or allow any other person to use it.
To view and change the Personal Information that you have provided to us, you can log in to your account and follow the instructions on that webpage, or contact us directly for assistance.
Information of Minors
We do not actively seek to gather information from individuals under the age of eighteen.
We do not target the Website to minors, and would not expect them to be engaging with our websites or services.
We encourage parents and guardians to provide adequate protection measures to prevent minors from providing information unwillingly on the internet.
If we are aware of any Personal Information that we have collected about minors, we will take steps to securely remove it from our systems.
How We Use Your Information
The information we gather and that you provide is collected to provide you the information and services that you request, in addition to various other purposes, including, but not limited to:
Assisting you with items such as personalized experiences and enforcement of the Terms of Use.
Preventing malicious activity and provide you with a secure experience.
Providing service and support for services you request.
Providing marketing communications that are effective and optimized for you.
Preventing unwanted messages or content.
Contacting you about services and offers that are relevant to you, or to thank you for your support or donation.
How We Share Your Information
We do not sell or lease your information to any third party.
We may disclose your Personal Information to our trusted third party business partners in accordance with this Statement. We work with a number of partners that help us process your requests, deliver customer service and support, send email marketing communications, and provide experiences that you have come to expect from us.
We will share your information with these third parties in order to fulfill the service that they provide to us.
These third party partners are under contract to keep your information secure and not to use it for any reason other than to fulfill the service we have requested from them.
Examples of such third party sharing include, but are not necessarily limited to:
Donations.
If you make a donation to Winrock, that transaction is handled through either Global Giving or Network for Good. These organizations process your donation, including collecting your payment information. We do not have access to your payment information (such as credit card information) when you make a donation. The privacy policy of Global Giving or Network for Good, as applicable, will apply to the transaction data that is collected relating to your donation.
Employment Applications.
If you apply for a job with Winrock, your job application (which contains Personal Information) will be processed by a third party contractor. We, and our contractor, will use your job application and the Personal Information contained therein only as reasonably necessary to process your request for a job.
Volunteering Applications.
If you apply to volunteer with Winrock, we will use your Personal Information as reasonably necessary to match individual skills and interests with volunteer assignment opportunities. We will collect your contact information, expertise, and demographic and logistical information to ensure the effective and efficient mobilization of volunteers to their posted assignments.
Professional Register.
Winrock also maintains a Professional Register, which is a database of consultants used to provide short- and long-term technical expertise to programs and projects. If you request to be a part of the Professional Register, you are consenting to have your Personal Information be included in the database of consultants.
Newsletters.
If you sign up to receive a newsletter, your Personal Information is provided to a third party that manages our subscription lists.
In order to encourage fundraising partnerships, Winrock may disclose to third parties aggregate statistics regarding donations (total number of donors, amount of donations and referring websites), but will not include any Personal Information of individuals.
California Residents.
We will not disclose or share your Personal Information with third parties for the purposes of third party marketing to you without your prior consent.
Except as described in this Statement, we will not share your information with third parties without your notice and consent, unless it is under one of the following circumstances:
Responding to duly authorized information requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
Complying with any law, regulations, subpoena, or court order.
Investigating and helping prevent security threats, fraud, or other malicious activity.
Enforcing or protecting the rights and properties of the Company or its subsidiaries.
Protecting the rights or personal safety of the Company’s employees.
There are circumstances where the Company may decide to buy, sell, or reorganize its business in selected countries.
Under these circumstances, it may be necessary to share or receive Personal Information with prospective or actual partners or affiliates. In such circumstances, the Company will ensure your information is used in accordance with this Statement.
Third Party Websites
This Statement does not apply to websites or other domains that are maintained or operated by third parties or our affiliates.
Our websites may link to third party websites and services, but these links are not endorsements of these sites, and this Statement does not extend to them Because this Statement is not enforced on these third party websites, we encourage you to read any posted privacy policy of the third party website before using the service or site and providing any information.
We cannot and will not be responsible or liable, in any way, for third party handling of your Personal Information on such websites.
For Website Visitors Outside the United States
Many visitors to our websites may be located outside of the United States.
To provide you with our services, we may store, process, and transmit information in the United States, which may not have the same privacy and security laws as your country. Regardless of the country in which such information is stored or processed by Winrock, we will process your Personal Information in accordance with this Statement.
For Website Visitors in the European Union (“EU”)
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, or “GDPR”), individuals in the EU are afforded specific rights with respect to their Personal Information, or “personal data” as defined under the GDPR.
For the purposes of this Statement, the Company operates as a data controller.
Any personal data we collect from you is processed in the United States and under the terms of this Statement.
Any personal data we collect from you is processed in the legitimate interest of our business and providing our services to you as the lawful means of such processing.
You may always withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data as described below.
We will only retain your personal data for the time necessary to provide you the information and services to which you have consented, to comply with the law and in accordance with your rights below.
You can exercise any of the following rights by notifying us as described below:
Access. You may email us at WebUpdates@winrock.org to request a copy of the personal data our Website databases currently contain.
Correction or Rectification. You can correct what personal data our Website database currently contains by accessing your account directly, or by emailing us at WebUpdates@winrock.org to request that we correct or rectify any personal data that you have provided to us.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause information to be incorrect. Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with trusted third parties.
Restrict Processing. When applicable, you may restrict the processing of your personal data by submitting a request via email to WebUpdates@winrock.org.
In your email, please explain how you wish us to restrict processing of your personal data.
When such restrictions are not possible, we will advise you accordingly.
You can then choose to exercise any other rights under this Statement, to include withdrawing your consent to the processing of your personal data. Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with trusted third parties.
Object to Processing. When applicable, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data by submitting a request via email to WebUpdates@winrock.org.
When such objections are not possible, we will advise you accordingly.
You can then choose to exercise any other rights under this Statement, to include withdrawing your consent to the processing of your personal data. Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with trusted third parties.
Portability. Upon request and when possible, we can provide you with copies of your personal data.
You may submit a request via email to WebUpdates@winrock.org.
When such a request cannot be honored, we will advise you accordingly.
You can then choose to exercise any other rights under this Statement, to include withdrawing your consent.
Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with any trusted third parties.
Withdraw Consent. At any time, you may withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data through this Website by notifying us via email at WebUpdates@winrock.org.
Using the same email address associated with your Website account, simply type the words “WITHDRAW CONSENT” in the subject line of your email.
Upon receipt of such a withdrawal of consent, we will confirm receipt and proceed to stop processing your personal data.
Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with trusted third parties.
Erasure. If you should wish to cease use of our Website and have your personal data deleted from our Website, then you may submit a request by emailing us at WebUpdates@winrock.org.
Upon receipt of such a request for erasure, we will confirm receipt and will confirm once your personal data has been deleted.
Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with trusted third parties.
Submit Complaints or Questions. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us as described below.
If you reside in a European Union member state, you may also lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your country.
Safeguarding the Information We Collect
We take reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards in order to protect your Personal Information against accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
However, we can never promise 100% security.
You have a responsibility, as well, to safeguard your information through the proper use and security of any online credentials used to access your Personal Information, such as a username and password.
If you believe your credentials have been compromised, please change your password. Please also notify us of any unauthorized use.
Changes to this Statement
If we make any changes to this Statement, a revised Statement will be posted on this webpage and the date of the change will be reported in the “Last Revised” block above. You can get to this page from any of our websites by clicking on the “Privacy Statement” link (usually at the bottom of the screen).
How to Contact Us
We value your opinions and welcome your feedback.
Please advise us of any concerns, suggestions or complaints by contacting Winrock at:
Mail
Privacy Officer
Winrock International, 2101 Riverfront Drive, Little Rock, AR 72202
USA
Telephone
501-280-3000
Email
webupdates@winrock.org
Welcome! We’ve updated our Website Privacy Policy, which includes information on how we use cookies.
Please click "I Agree" to accept these terms and continue using our website.I Agree