http://www.helpourmarriage.com/
Retrouvaille Marriage Help Program For Struggling Couples
COVID-19 UPDATE - We're Here to Serve You
Retrouvaille is taking all necessary precautions to insure your safety during this pandemic.
Each local Retrouvaille Community can discuss the precautions they are taking when you inquire about or register for their Weekend.
No matter how much you are hurting
No Marriage is Beyond Hope
There is a light at the end of the tunnel.
When life takes you on different paths
You Can Find the Love Again
Give Retrouvaille a Chance.
There is a Better Way to Communicate to
Put Your Marriage Back on Track
When the old way is simply not working.
No matter how hopeless it seems, you can
Learn How to Forgive & Trust
& find the love you once shared..
Going Your Separate Ways is Harder
Rediscover Your Commitment
Let Retrouvaille Help.
Retrouvaille is a lifeline for marriages.....
...a program to help couples heal and renew their hurting marriages.
Learn More!
Find a program near you
The Retrouvaille Program is for Married Couples Facing Difficult Challenges in their Relationship
A Marriage program that helps couples restore their marriage and rebuild a loving relationship.
A Christian marriage program, Catholic in origin, where couples of all faiths or no faith background are encouraged to attend.
Primarily a practical program to improve communication, build stronger marriages, and help couples reconnect.
Presenters are not trained marriage counselors, but rather couples sharing their personal stories of marital struggles and the tools they used to rediscover their love.
Find a Location Near You
Find Upcoming Weekends
By Country
All Countries
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Ecuador
France
India
Ireland
Italy
Kenya
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
Paraguay
Philippines
Republic of Korea
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Trinidad and Tobago
United Kingdom
United States
Zimbabwe
By State / Province
All States/Provinces
Alaska, USA
Alberta, CAN
Arkansas, USA
Arizona, USA
British Columbia, CAN
California, USA
Colorado, USA
Connecticut, USA
Florida, USA
Georgia, USA
Idaho, USA
Illinois, USA
Indiana, USA
Kansas, USA
Kentucky, USA
Louisiana, USA
Massachusetts, USA
Maryland, USA
Maine, USA
Michigan, USA
Minnesota, USA
Missouri, USA
Montana, USA
Nebraska, USA
New Hampshire, USA
New Jersey, USA
New Mexico, USA
Nevada, USA
New York, USA
North Carolina, USA
North Dakota, USA
Nova Scotia, CAN
Ohio, USA
Oklahoma, USA
Ontario, CAN
Oregon, USA
Pennsylvania, USA
Rhode Island, USA
Saskatchewan, CAN
South Carolina, USA
South Dakota, USA
Tennessee, USA
Texas, USA
Utah, USA
Virginia, USA
Vermont, USA
Washington, USA
Wisconsin, USA
By Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Or Search Our Interactive Map
A Weekend Away Can Give Your Marriage a Chance
A marriage help program that gives couples the opportunity to sign off, get away, and examine their lives together in a real and realistic way. It’s based on the belief that marriage is the most significant relationship on earth and is worth investing your time, energy and efforts to make it the best it can be. The weekend is hard work, but more worthwhile than can ever be explained.
Tens of Thousands of Couples Have Been Helped
Retrouvaille offers tools needed to rediscover a loving marriage. Tens of thousands of struggling marriages headed for cold, unloving relationships or divorce have successfully overcome their marriage problems by attending the program, which begins with a Weekend Experience that is followed by a series of follow-up sessions to help keep your healing on track and further develop the tools learned.
You Will Not Share Your Personal Struggles with Others
The Retrouvaille program is not a marriage encounter, marriage retreat, marriage counseling, or a marriage seminar, although they share some similarities. You will not be sharing your struggles with other people. You will hear from couples that have been through the program themselves. They will share their journey from brokenness to reconciliation.
A Program for Couples in Struggling Marriages
It is for couples with marriages that are struggling, not communicating well, and those who are considering marriage separation or divorce. It is also for those who are already separated or divorced that want marriage help. Some couples come to Retrouvaille during the initial signs of a marriage problem. Other couples are in a state of despair and hopelessness when they attend the program. Some couples have been married for many years, while others have been married only a short time and encountered trouble.
A Marriage Help Program that Teaches Effective Communication
The presenting team, three couples and a priest or pastor couple presents a technique of communication that enables you to take a good look at many areas of your relationship. The team provides practical tools for improving your marriage. Unlike marriage counselors, they will share how they were able to benefit from these techniques themselves. After each presentation you will have time for reflection and discussion in complete privacy with your spouse.
Find a Program Near You
Scheduled regularly in more than 160 communities worldwide, the weekend begins on a Friday evening and ends Sunday afternoon. It is not a ‘miracle cure'; so the post-weekend sessions have been designed to continue the marriage renewal begun on the weekend. The post-weekend phase is as crucial, maybe more critical, to the healing of marriage problems. During these sessions, the techniques learned on the weekend are further developed and used to explore additional areas of your marriage relationship.
×
How is this program like marriage encounter?
As our friends in Marriage Encounter like to say, Marriage Encounter is for couples with good marriages who want to make them even better. Retrouvaille is for couples who have problems and need marriage help.
A good analogy is that Marriage Encounter is like getting a tune-up for your car and Retrouvaille is like getting a complete engine overhaul.
Close
×
How is this program like a Marriage Seminar or Marriage Retreat?
In a setting that appears like a marriage seminar at times the team presents a technique of communication that enables you to take a good look at most areas of your relationship. After each presentation you will have a chance to reflect on it by yourself, then discuss it in complete privacy with your spouse.
The weekend is not a 'miracle cure'; therefore, the post-weekend sessions have been designed to continue the marriage help and renewal begun on the weekend. The post-weekend phase is as crucial, maybe more critical, to the healing of marriage problems. During the post-weekend sessions, the technique learned on the weekend is further developed and is used to explore additional areas of the marriage relationship.
Close
×
What kind help can we expect from the program if not marriage advice?
The team presents a technique of communication that enables you to take a good look at most areas of your relationship. After each presentation you will have a chance to reflect on it by yourself, then discuss it in complete privacy with your spouse.
The weekend is not a 'miracle cure'; therefore, the post-weekend sessions have been designed to continue the marriage renewal begun on the weekend. The post-weekend phase is as crucial, maybe more critical, to the healing of marriage problems. During the post-weekend sessions, the technique learned on the weekend is further developed and is used to explore additional areas of the marriage relationship.
The Retrouvaille program is more like a marriage seminar or classroom setting. The program is given by couples who have faced extreme marital difficulties themselves and needed marriage help. Most of the presenting team members have been to the brink of divorce themselves; attended this program, learned and used its tools. They will share their stories of how it is possible to save what might appear to be a hopeless marriage. They will share the tools that they used to turn their own marriages around and then they will teach you how to use those tools yourself
Close
×
What kind of marriage help will we receive?
Some couples come to Retrouvaille during the initial signs of marriage problems. Other couples are in a state of despair and hopelessness when they attend the program. These latter couples often consider the Retrouvaille program their final option.
The program is given by couples who have faced extreme marital difficulties themselves and needed marriage help. Most of the presenting team members have been to the brink of divorce themselves; attended this program, learned and used its tools. They will share their stories of how it is possible to save what might appear to be a hopeless marriage.
Many lawyers and judges send couples to Retrouvaille as a prerequisite to filing for a divorce or rendering final decisions. Many marriage counselors send their clients to Retrouvaille as a prerequisite to marriage counseling. These professionals know that the tools of communication in marriage taught in the program are often what couples need.
Close
×
What kind of marriage problems does this program help?
The program has helped couples with many different kinds of marriage problems. Some couples come to Retrouvaille during the initial signs of a marriage problem. Other couples are in a state of despair and hopelessness when they attend the program. These latter couples often consider the Retrouvaille program their final option.
The types of problems couples deal with include the full range of issues from apparently irreconcilable differences and incompatibilities to infidelity and addictions. Retrouvaille is not a replacement for marriage counseling, therapists and 12 Step programs. Rather, this program compliments these other resources.
Many lawyers and judges send couples to Retrouvaille as a prerequisite to filing for a divorce or rendering final decisions. Many marriage counselors send their clients to Retrouvaille as a prerequisite to marriage counseling. These professionals know that the tools of communication in marriage taught in the program are often what couples need.
Close
×
How is this program like marriage counseling?
This program considers itself a compliment to marriage counseling and not a replacement for it. In marriage counseling you meet privately with a therapist. You share your struggles and difficulties with the marriage counselor. The therapist provides marriage advice and helps you learn other ways of dealing with those marriage problems.
The Retrouvaille program is more like a marriage seminar or classroom setting. The program is given by couples who have faced extreme marital difficulties themselves and needed marriage help. Most of the presenting team members have been to the brink of divorce themselves; attended this program, learned and used its tools. They will share their stories of how it is possible to save what might appear to be a hopeless marriage. They will share the tools that they used to turn their own marriages around and then they will teach you how to use those tools yourself.
What will we get that we won't get from marriage counselors?
This program considers itself a compliment to marriage counselors and therapists and not a replacement for them. Marriage counselors meet privately with you. You share your struggles and difficulties with them. The therapist provides marriage advice and helps you learn other ways of dealing with those marriage problems.
The Retrouvaille program is more like a marriage seminar or classroom setting. The program is given by couples who have faced extreme marital difficulties themselves and needed marriage help. Most of the presenting team members have been to the brink of divorce themselves; attended this program, learned and used its tools. They will share their stories of how it is possible to save what might appear to be a hopeless marriage. They will share the tools that they used to turn their own marriages around and then they will teach you how to use those tools yourself.
Close