http://www.voicings.com/privacy
[x]
Dear Fellow Preacher: To read the full-text of this week’s Sunday Sermon and access thousands of additional resources, enter a subscription. To get started, click here
Sunday Sermons Preaching Resources - Privacy
Home » Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Sunday Sermons - Voicings.com has always been committed to maintaining the accuracy,
confidentiality, and security of your personal and corporate information. We
have established Privacy Principles to govern our use of customer information.
Sunday
Sermons - Voicings.com does not sell, share or
distribute Customer Information to any third party organization.
Accountability
Sunday
Sermons - Voicings.com is responsible for maintaining and protecting
customer information under its control.
Identifying Purposes
The purposes for which customer
information is collected shall be identified before or at the time the
information is collected.
Consent
The knowledge and consent
of the customer are required for the collection, use or disclosure of customer
information except where required or permitted by law.
Limiting Collection
The customer information
collected must be limited to those details necessary for the purposes
identified by Sunday Sermons - Voicings.com Information must be collected by fair and
lawful means.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Customer information may
only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless the
customer has otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law.
Customer information may only be retained for the period of time required to
fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
Accuracy
Customer information must
be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to
fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
Safeguarding Customer Information
Customer information must
be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity
level of the information.
Openness
Sunday
Sermons - Voicings.com is
required to make information available to customers concerning the policies and
practices that apply to the management of their information.
Customer Access
Upon request, a customer
shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of their information,
and shall be given access to it. Customers may verify the accuracy and
completeness of their information, and may request that it be amended, if
appropriate.
Handling Customer Complaints and Suggestions
Customers may direct any
questions or inquiries with respect to the privacy principles outlined above or
about our practices by contacting the designated person(s) accountable for
privacy at Sunday Sermons - Voicings.com.
If you
would like to unsubscribe, please write
Sunday Sermons, PO Box 3102, Margate, NJ 08402 or call us at 1-800-827-9401.