http://www.marinbar.org/about/privacy-policy/
x
Toggle navigation
About
About
Mission Statement
To involve, encourage, and support bar association members, to serve as a liaison to the Marin County courts, and to educate the community and enhance access to legal services.
MCBA Officers
Board of Directors
Committees
Staff
Contact
History
Governing Documents
Membership
Membership
Membership in MCBA demonstrates your support for the core values of our legal system—equal justice for all through equal access to an independent judicial system. MCBA involves, encourages, and supports bar association members, serves as a liaison to the Marin County courts, educates the community, and enhances access to legal services.
About MCBA
Membership Benefits
Membership Levels and Dues
Attorney and Affiliate Members
Barristers
MCBA Member Directory
Login
Join!
New Members
Apply Online
Print Membership Application
Print Application
Renew
Member Renewal
Renew Online
News & Events
News and Events
The Marin Lawyer
Selected news, events and MCBA information delivered monthly to your inbox
About The Marin Lawyer
Current Issue
Subscribe
Marin Lawyer Archives
News
In the News
The Marketplace
Advertise in The Marketplace
Advertise with MCBA
Events
Event Calendar
MCLE
MCLE
About Sections
Section Chairs
Event Calendar
MCLE Compliance
Sections
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Barristers
Business Law
Construction Law
Criminal Law
Diversity
Family Law
Intellectual Property
Labor and Employment Law
Litigation
Probate and Estate Planning
Probate Litigation
Real Property
Tax Law
Resources
Resources
Attorney Resources
MCBA Member Directory
Courts
Local Rules
Attorney Support
State Bar Assistance Program, Attorney self-assessment, The Other Bar, AA, NA
Arbitration and Mediation
ADR Directory
Fee Arbitration
Partner Legal Organizations
State Bar of California, ALMA, MCWL, Legal Aid of Marin
Pro Bono Opportunities for Lawyers
Volunteer for Lawyers in the Library
Volunteer for the Lawyers in the Library program
Other Pro Bono Opportunities
Legal Aid of Marin, Settlement Conference Mediators, Fee Arbitrators, and more
Community Resources
Need a lawyer?
Lawyer Referral Service
Lawyers in the Library
Free 20 minute consultations to the public
Are you having a fee dispute with a lawyer?
Fee Dispute Resolution
Community Legal Assistance
Services for those with limited financial resources
Arbitration and Mediation
Public Programs
YWCA Youth Court, Community Court, Mock Trial, Teens and the Law
MCBA Legal Education Scholarship
Provides funds to financially disadvantaged law students
Support Us
Support Us
Sponsors
MCBA Program Sponsors
Leadership Circle
Become a Sponsor
Advertise with MCBA
Advertise in The Marketplace
Pro Bono Opportunities
Lawyers in the Library
Volunteer for the Lawyers in the Library program
Other Pro Bono Opportunities
Legal Aid of Marin, Settlement Conference Mediators, Fee Arbitrators, and more
Get Involved
Volunteer with MCBA
Join a committee, chair a section, serve on Board of Directors, and more
MCBA Legal Education Scholarship
Provides funds to financially disadvantaged law students pursuing a law degree
Login
Find a Lawyer
Join Us
Search
About Privacy Policy
MCBA Officers
Board of Directors
Committees
Staff
Contact
History
Governing Documents
Marin County Bar Association Privacy Policy Statement
Introduction
Thank you for visiting the web site of The Marin County Bar Association (MCBA). The MCBA web site (www.marinbar.org) is owned and operated by the MCBA. The MCBA is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy Statement describes the information we collect about you and what happens to that information. If you choose to visit www.marinbar.org, your visit is subject to this Privacy Policy Statement and California law.
The effective date of the MCBA's Privacy Policy is October 1, 2011. Any material changes to the MCBA Privacy Policy will be posted on the MCBA web site.
How Your Information Is Collected and Maintained
MCBA collects personal information that you give us when you become a MCBA member or when you sign up for an event, such as a general membership meeting or the CLE Fair. This may include your name, address, email, telephone number, and credit card number, as well as other data such as your practice area(s), date of admission to the Bar, your Bar number, and Section/Committee membership.
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; email address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform. Like most web sites, we also use cookies.
We use a variety of industry standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems, with limited access, located in controlled facilities. Personal information stored in printed form is maintained in a locked location.
When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers and the expiration date when confirming an order. And, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. All credit card information is removed from our secure servers once the transaction has been processed.
How Your Information Is Used
The information MCBA collects in this web site may be used to improve the content of our web site, provide services to MCBA members, and/or to notify consumers about updates to our web site. It is not shared with third parties or organizations for commercial purposes.
Specifically, the MCBA does not sell, rent or lease its customer email lists to third parties. The MCBA may contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your email address is not transferred to the third party.
In limited cases, and subject to a licensing agreement and fee, the MCBA may provide certain businesses with your U.S. postal mailing address and other data such as your practice area(s), date of admission to the Bar, Bar number, and Section/Committee membership, so that those businesses can inform you of valuable services and products. The ability to offer this information allows MCBA to expand its resources in order to provide more services to you as a member. You may opt out of the MCBA mailing list when you apply in writing or online to become a member of the MCBA or by contacting us directly via e-mail at info@marinbar.org.
The MCBA may also access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on the MCBA or the web site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the MCBA; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the MCBA services or members of the public.
Contact Us Regarding The MCBA Privacy Policy
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy Statement, including any request to review or change the collection or use of your personal information, should be directed via e-mail to info@marinbar.org. Or, you may reach us by mail at the following U.S. postal mailing address:
Marin County Bar Association
101 Lucas Valley Road, Ste. 326
San Rafael, CA 94903
We can also be reached by telephone at 415 499 1314.
Marin County Bar Association
101 Lucas Valley Road
Suite 326
San Rafael
CA 94903
415 499 1314
Login
Join Us
Find a Lawyer
MCBA Program Sponsors
Become a Sponsor
Event Calendar
Marketplace
Advertise with mcba
DISCLAIMER Thank you for visiting the MCBA website. By using this website and the links accessible through it, you expressly agree to be bound by the terms and conditions as stated in our legal disclaimer and privacy policy. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
×
Search Site
Close