https://www.feldmanlee.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Use of this website constitutes your acceptance of the terms below. Our privacy notice is located below the legal disclaimer.
The materials located on this website are for general informational purposes only and shall neither constitute legal advice nor an agreement for legal services. It is the goal of this website to provide accurate information, but since laws change frequently and may become out of date, we cannot guarantee that the information provided herein is accurate or appropriate for an individual’s specific situation. Any visitors to this website should, therefore, obtain professional advice from licensed legal counsel in his/her state before acting on any of the information contained in this website. External websites linked to this website are subject to their own terms of use. Linking of websites does not imply endorsement by the firm.
Under no circumstances does use of this website establish or create, directly or indirectly, an attorney-client relationship between you and the firm. The firm is available for consultation regarding legal matters; however, the act of sending electronic mail or making an online contact, asking a question, and/or scheduling a consultation does not create an attorney-client relationship. The firm is under no obligation to respond to your messages, and if such response is given, that alone does not create an attorney-client relationship. The attorney-client privilege will not protect your message, as you do not have an attorney-client relationship with the firm solely as a result of your initial inquiry. If the firm and you agree to enter into an attorney-client relationship, you will be required to sign a written agreement letter which the firm will provide to you. The engagement letter will describe the matter upon which you initially engage this firm. You will be charged for professional services and advice pursuant to the engagement letter.
Because of the inherent properties of Internet transmissions, this law firm cannot guarantee the confidentiality of electronic (e-mail or otherwise) submissions Please do not send confidential information via electronic submission unless the security of your communication is explicitly guaranteed by the firm in advance.
ATTORNEY ADVERTISEMENT/PAST RESULTS
This website may be considered an attorney advertisement. Past results are not a guarantee of similar outcomes.
Areas of practice listed on this website are statements of practice only and do not imply certification by the any board Washington State board or agency.
An attorney responsible for information contained in this website is Patrick J. Feldman.
PRIVACY NOTICE
The firm is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of all of our clients and website visitors. The firm may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
– Information that we receive from you; and
– Information learned in the course of our representation of you.
The firm does not disclose non-public personal information about our clients, former clients, and/or website contacts to anyone, except as required by law.
If you have any questions about our privacy policies, please contact us.
Feldman & Lee, P.S. serves clients throughout the Pacific Northwest, Puget Sound and Seattle Area in Snohomish County, Pierce County and King County, including Bellevue, Tacoma, Everett, Bothell, Mill Creek, Kent, Lynnwood, Auburn, Edmonds, Mountlake Terrace, Puyallup, Kirkland, Redmond, Issaquah, Woodinville, Renton, Tukwila, Federal Way, and Maple Valley Washington.
Office Locations
Lynnwood Office
19303 44th Avenue West
Lynnwood, WA 98036
Phone: (425) 771-3600
Fax: (425) 775-8016
View Location
Kent Office
604 West Meeker StreetSuite 206, Kent, WA 98032
Phone: (253) 859-2488
Fax: (253) 859-2295
View Location
Marysville Office
519 Beach Avenue
Marysville, WA 98270
Phone: (425) 771-3600
Fax: (425) 368-3610
View Location
MenuHome
Attorneys
Practice Areas
Resources
Contact Us
Get Social
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE | Sitemap
© 2020 Feldman & Lee. All rights reserved.