http://www.cpdtx.org/privacy-policy/
This website is owned and operated by Community Partners of Dallas. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns and may be changed or updated from time to time.
Our Policy
Community Partners of Dallas respects the privacy of its donors, volunteers and online visitors. We do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly on our website. This means we do not require you to register or provide information in order to view our site. We do not employ cookies in connection with the site.
What Information Does Community Partners of Dallas Collect?
We only gather personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example, personally identifiable information may be collected in order to respond to a stated desire to volunteer time to Community Partners of Dallas, or to make an online donation. This information may include the following:
NameMailing addressEmail addressPhone numberCredit card information
It may also include information you submit about other people. For example, the name and address (email and postal) of a friend who you’d like to learn about Community Partners of Dallas and its events. We only use information that you submit about others in order to deliver information about Community Partners of Dallas to them.
Does Community Partners of Dallas Share Your Information with Others?
Community Partners of Dallas and other entities that are involved in the operation of this site for internal purposes, will use user-provided information. We do not release personal information to third parties, except when we have your permission to do so. This site is not intended for children, and we ask that minors not submit any personal information to us, unless it is in conjunction with a parent or guardian.
If you have indicated that you would like to receive further information about Community Partners of Dallas, or about the specific purpose of your donation (such as a particular event or a particular project being supported), then we may contact you or send you information occasionally about future activities and events.
Community Partners of Dallas will never sell user information to third parties. We will only share personally identifiable information with third parties in the following situations:
If the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it.When sharing certain information is necessary to the operation of the site; for instance, sending credit card information to an online authorizer to process a transaction. Third-party websites are not allowed to use this information for any purpose other than fulfilling orders and customer service. Community Partners of Dallas does not take responsibility for and has no control over the data collected and used by third parties that process online credit card transactions.When we are required to share the information by law. Community Partners of Dallas reserves the right to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the investigation of alleged unlawful activities of our visitors related to electronic communication transmitted on our site. Community Partners of Dallas will have no legal liability for such disclosures.
Is Your Credit Card Information Secure?
We care about the safety and security of your transaction. Online credit transactions are processed through Network for Good in a secure environment, and not passed or processed through any non-secure means. The Network for Good Privacy Policy can be found here.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email us. We are available to answer your questions and address your concerns.
Thank you,Community Partners of Dallas
Donate