http://www.adatchaverim.org/privacy
Adat Chaverim is committed to protecting your privacy online. This privacy policy explains the practices we use on the following websites: https://www.adatchaverim.org (the Adat Chaverim website). By using these sites, you consent to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. The congregation reserves the right to modify its privacy policy from time to time.
Information Collection and Use
Adat Chaverim believes that personally identifying information, such as your name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number, is private and confidential. You can have general access to our site without providing any personally identifying information. Personally identifying information is collected only when you voluntarily submit it, such as when you e-mail comments, request information, place an order, sign up for a discussion group or e-newsletter, or register for an event.
Adat Chaverim never provides or sells lists for commercial purposes.
Release of Information to Third Parties
Adat Chaverim does not release your personally identifying information to third parties unless you have given us permission to do so or unless such release is required to comply with the law or to protect the rights or safety of the congregation or our website users. Information that is collected will not be sold, shared, or rented to any outside company or organization.
Information that is collected will be used by the congregation solely for the purpose for which it is given or to inform you of events and resources. Should you wish to opt-out of receiving any e-mails from the congregation, please send an email to: office@adatchaverim.org.
Use of Material on Our Sites
All content, with the exclusion of material attributed to or hyperlinked to external sites, is the property of Adat Chaverim and may not be reproduced in whole or in part without the written permission of Adat Chaverim. Please send requests to office@adatchaverim.org.
Links to Other Sites
The websites covered by this policy contains links to other sites. Adat Chaverim is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other such websites and does not assume responsibility for the content of the material on other sites.
Refund and Return Policy
For payments towards dues and tuition, please contact the treasurer@adatchaverim.org with regards to requests for refunds, which will be evaluated on an individual basis.
For events cancelled by Adat Chavarim, you will be given the option to have the money returned in full, or applied towards other committments, donations or events.
For donations, no refunds will be given.
Choice/Opt-Out
Adat Chaverim gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send e-mail to office@adatchaverim.org
You can send mail to the following postal address:Adat Chaverim
6300 Independence Pkwy
Suite A
Plano, TX 75023
Contacting the Web Site/Webmaster
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Webmaster
webmaster@adatchaverim.org
Updated Jan 3, 2013