http://www.iwf.org.uk/terms-of-use
Phone
human-readable description of the message we trying to accomplish.
Search
human-readable description of the message we trying to accomplish.
Map pin
human-readable description of the message we trying to accomplish.
Skip to main content
IWF uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website.
Find out more about cookies
Hide
You are here
Home
Terms of use
Terms of use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Notice govern the Internet Watch Foundation’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The terms 'Internet Watch Foundation' or ‘IWF’ or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Discovery House, Vision Park, Chivers Way, Histon, Cambridgeshire, CB24 9ZR. Our charity registration number is 1112398. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
•    The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
•    Our reporting page is for the reporting of suspected child sexual abuse material online only and in accordance with the terms stipulated within those pages (which includes reference to the processing of any personal data).
•    This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. Please read the Privacy Notice for more information regarding cookies.
•    Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
•    Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
•    This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics, photographs and logos. Commercial use of this material may only be made with the express, prior, written permission of the Internet Watch Foundation. Use may be made of these pages for personal, non-commercial purposes only, without permission from the Internet Watch Foundation.
•    All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
•    Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
•    From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
•    Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Share this
Share this
with
Email
Share this with Email
Facebook
Share this with Facebook
Twitter
Share this with Twitter
LinkedIn
Share this with LinkedIn
Google +
Share this with Google plus
Close share panel
×
In this section
Report here