http://www.pibetaphi.org/privacy-policy
Menu
About Us
About Pi Beta Phi
Awards
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion
Leadership
Literacy
Membership Expectations
Programming
Policies
Join
Join Pi Phi
Collegiate Recruitment
Alumnae Initiate Program
Extension
Engage
Campus Partners
Connect
Lobbying for Our Future
Parents & Families
Publications
Volunteer
Foundation
Pi Beta Phi Foundation
Scholarships & Grants
Giving to our Foundation
Housing
About Housing
Housing Resources
Why Live In
FHC Chapters
Tips for CHC Success
Members Only
eReports
Online Learning Center
Resource Library
Sister Search
Update My Profile
Blog
Events
The Arrow
History
Donate
Pay Dues
Shop
Pi Phi Merchandise
Official Jewelry
PI BETA PHI FRATERNITY PRIVACY POLICYThis Pi Beta Phi Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Pi Beta Phi and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("Pi Beta Phi," “we,” “us” or “our”) collects, uses and discloses personal information of customers through our websites and online services, including pibetaphi.org, and other Pi Phi owned or operated websites and online services that link to this policy (collectively, the “Sites”), through our programs. Pi Beta Phi, which operates these Sites, wants to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, by notifying you of: What personal identifiable information of yours is collected through these SitesThe organization collecting the informationHow the information is usedWith whom the information may be sharedWhat choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the informationThe kind of security procedures that are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Pi Beta Phi's controlHow you can correct any inaccuracies in the information Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and other who access the Sites.
WHAT DATA DOES PI BETA PHI FRATERNITY COLLECT?We collect both personal and anonymous data. What we collect depends on what you do when you use our Sites and on what personal information you elect to give us. PERSONAL INFORMATIONPersonal information is information that you provide to us that is personally identifiable such as your name, address, email address, phone number or other information that is not otherwise publicly available. We do NOT collect Social Security Numbers. All personal information is collected behind a login.Email:  If you wish to stop receiving emails from us, please follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or contact us at webmaster@pibetaphi.orgCookies: You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept certain cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Site, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features on our Site.ANONYMOUS DATAWe may automatically collect website use information when you visit our Sites. This information may include information about your Internet service provider, your operating system, browser type, domain name, Internet protocol (IP) address, your access times, the website that referred you to us, the web pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. Our collection of website use information may involve the use of cookies and Web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website to, among other things, help us improve our Sites and your experience. In addition, our Sites uses targeting or advertising cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites. These cookies are used by third parties such as social networks and advertisers to provide services in return for recognizing that you have visited our Sites. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited our Sites and this information is shared with third party organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the third-party organization.HOW DOES PI BETA PHI FRATERNITY COLLECT DATA?Pi Beta Phi gathers information from visitors in various ways: user submission, JavaScript, log files and participation in the services on the Sites. When you provide us with information about yourself using contact forms or email addresses on these Sites, we collect information that allows us to identify you.USER SUBMISSIONWhen you provide us with information about yourself using contact forms or email addresses on these Sites, we collect information which allows us to identify you.HOW DOES PI BETA PHI USE YOUR INFORMATION?Pi Beta Phi may use information about you for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on our Sites or with our Services. For example, we may use information about you to:Communicate with you about your services, accounts and program participation, a contest or sweepstakes you have entered, and your requests for information.Respond to your customer service inquiries, post your comments or statements on any blog or other online forum maintained on our Sites, or take other actions in response to your inquiries or other Site activities.Donor information that is collected is not sold or traded. JAVASCRIPTJavaScript is a programming language that is used to automate certain web features such as buttons that light up when you select them and menus that expand as you use them. We may use JavaScript to enhance our Sites and to assist in the tracking of anonymous data. If you disable JavaScript, some of the features on our Sites may not work.LOG FILESLike most standard website servers, we use log files. These log files may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track a user’s movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses may be tied to personal identifiable information to enable our web-based services offered on the Sites.DEVICE IDENTIFIERSWhen you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Instagram.A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third-party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.METADATAMetadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted.WHAT ARE MY OPTIONS TO CONTROL THE USE OF MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?OPPORTUNITY TO “OPT OUT”We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to Pi Beta Phi, such as administrative messages, marketing messages and newsletters. Users who no longer wish to receive our communications may opt out by removing themselves from the list of subscribers through the unsubscribe process.ACCESSING / CORRECTING / UPDATING / DELETING / DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATIONIf a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as ZIP code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our services, we provide a way to modify such information. This can usually be accomplished by logging into our members’ only area and making updates, or by contacting us at the contact information provided below. Upon request, Pi Beta Phi Fraternity will grant individuals reasonable access to their personal information that is collected through these Sites.HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURED?Pi Beta Phi takes reasonable steps to maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative security to help prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of personal information.DATA SECURITYWhile Pi Beta Phi has taken reasonable precaution to safeguard your personal information, Pi Beta phi cannot guarantee complete security because complete security does not presently exist on the internet. You acknowledge that Pi Beta Phi shall have no liability whatsoever for damages or losses incurred by you as a result of disclosure of your personal information to other users of this site. You also acknowledge that Pi Beta Phi shall not be liable for any security breach that results from causes or events that are beyond Pi Beta Phi's control (such as acts of God, hacking, terrorism, power outages, defects in third party security products and services, your own acts or omissions and other similar events beyond the control of Pi Beta Phi).MEMBERSHIP CUSTOMER SERVICEIn addition to being able to call Headquarters, you may also email us at webmaster@pibetaphi.org. When you email us with concerns about your membership or other Pi Beta Phi related issues we may share that information with appropriate Pi Beta Phi officials so that they can be appropriately advised of your concerns and where necessary we can obtain the information necessary to respond to issues or questions you raise. In certain circumstances to fully address your concern it may be necessary to share your email with those outside of Pi Beta Phi who may be involved in the issue you raise. Such individuals could include a college administrator or an official at another sorority or the National Panhellenic Conference. If you do not want us to share your communication outside of Pi Beta Phi, please tell us that in your communication.Pi Beta Phi limits the access of individuals to your personal information except to the extent necessary to provide products or services to you and as required in the performance of their duties.OUR THIRD-PARTY RELATIONSHIPSWe have established relationships with third-party vendors to best serve our members and customers. We may also establish additional third-party relationships in the future.Marketing and Promotions: From time to time, we may engage certain third parties to assist in the dissemination of marketing and promotional materials benefiting Pi Beta Phi. These third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any other purpose.Website Evaluation: From time to time, we may engage certain third parties to observe and track the behavior of the users of this website in order to evaluate the performance and features of the website. These third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any purpose other than providing such services.Additional Third-Party Relationships: From time to time, Pi Beta Phi may engage other third parties to assist in providing marketing, order processing, fulfillment and shipping, and additional services. These third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any purpose other than providing such services.Additionally, from time to time, we share non-personal, non-individual statistical information with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties for research purposes. That is, we will not tell our marketing partners that you purchased a specific product, but we may tell them how many customers purchased that product.This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Pi Beta Phi Fraternity does not own or control, or to people that Pi Beta Phi Fraternity does not employ or manage. We strongly encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by these Sites.SSL AND DATA ENCRYPTIONWe use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect your personal information. You are required to sign on to the Members-Only website. Existing account holders are prompted for their ID (your email address) and password. This password is for your protection. If you don't have your password, there is a link that reads "Lost your password?" Click on this for instructions on how to get your password.Sensitive information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.OTHER INFORMATIONCALIFORNIA RESIDENTSCalifornia Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes. To make such a request of Pi Beta Phi, please contact us at the contact information provided below.CHILDREN’S PRIVACYIn accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Ace (COPPA), we do not collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe that Pi Beta Phi Fraternity has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at the contact information provided below.EU SAFE HARBORPi Beta Phi Fraternity complies with the Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.LEGAL MATTERSWe may use or disclose your information in response to a legal request, such as a subpoena, court order or government demand; to comply with the law; to investigate or report illegal activity; to protect the legal rights of Pi Beta Phi, our Pi Beta Phi Site users, or to enforce our rights or demands.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to periodically revise this policy. Please check this page periodically for changes. The document revision date displayed below will indicate when this policy was last revised. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.Continued use of our Sites will confirm your consent to this Policy. Our Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the terms of our Terms of Use, including this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Pi Beta Phi Sites.
CONTACT USIf you have any questions regarding your privacy or any of our policies, please contact our Marketing and Communications Department at communications@pibetaphi.org or (636) 256–0680.
Pi Phi History
In 1867, 12 courageous young women at Monmouth College came together to form a sisterhood rooted in shared experiences, enduring values and Sincere Friendships. Today, more than 150 years and 300,000 members later, we continue to celebrate our founders' vision as sisters of Pi Beta Phi.
Learn more