http://www.acu.ac.uk/privacy/
Home
Back
Get involved
Get involved
Global challenges
International collaboration
Access and inclusion
Supporting research
Strengthening universities
60 stories of change
Back
Become a member
Back
Our members
Back
Funding opportunities
Funding opportunities
View all
For university staff
Fellowships
Grants
For students
Scholarships
Fellowships
Grants
Back
Events
Back
News
Back
The ACU Review
Back
About us
About us
About the ACU
Work with us
Governance
Our Patron
Our team
Our partners
Our history
Contact us
Privacy notice
Below is the ACU's general privacy notice.
For specialist privacy notices, please follow the links below:
ACU privacy notice for Commonwealth Scholarships in low and middle income countries applicants
ACU privacy notice for grant applicants
ACU privacy notice for staff, workers, and contractors
ACU privacy notice for job applicants
Data controller
The data controller is the Association of Commonwealth Universities (ACU), Woburn House, 20-24 Tavistock Square, London WC1H 9HF, UK.
Purpose of processing
Some examples of the type of information we may collect about you are:
Your name and your title
Job title
Postal address
Telephone number(s)
Email address(es)
Records of your correspondence with us (whether email or hard copy)
Dietary, accessibility and mobility information
Photographs and digital images of you if you attend our events
Your bank details if we make payments to you.
Your information may be used to:
Invite you to participate in ACU activities or events
Seek you opinions or advice on areas that we consider to be of mutual interest
Provide you with information about us or that we consider may interest you (including about carefully selected third party events, products or campaigns)
Provide you with services you have requested from us
Keep a record of our interactions with you
Administer and process payments you make for products, services or charitable donations.
Legal basis for processing
The legal basis for processing your data is the ACU’s legitimate interests.
Legitimate interests
ACU’s legitimate interests are the provision of services to its member universities and institutions, and promoting and supporting excellence in higher education for the benefit of individuals and societies throughout the Commonwealth and beyond.
Data recipients
Your data may be shared with staff at ACU’s members, partners, clients (including potential clients) and suppliers.
Data transfers
Your data will be processed by the ACU and possibly by other third parties.  Your data will be protected in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the European Union. We do not sell personal data to any third parties or use it for commercial purposes. Third parties with which we share your personal data are required not to sell it.
Retention
Your data will be retained indefinitely. If you ask us not to send any further information we will respect that request.
Your rights
You have the following rights:
To be informed, which is the purpose of this Privacy Notice
To obtain a copy of your personal data. There is no fee for this unless you make repeated requests for the same data.  We will provide your data as soon as possible
To have your personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete - at most within one month
To have processing of your data restricted or stopped if you contest its accuracy, or object to its processing.  In such cases processing will be restricted until the matter is resolved.  We will inform you of that resolution
To object if you consider you have grounds relating to your particular circumstances
To complain about the way we have processed your personal data, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office, the statutory body which oversees data protection law – www.ico.org.uk/concerns to, email casework@ico.org.uk.
Cookie policy
We want to make our website easy to use and reliable. To do this we need to know what parts of the website are used most and how people find their way there, as well as what devices they use to view it.
We use Google Analytics to record visits to our website, which involves placing a small amount of information on your computer, tablet or mobile phone, in the form of small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally. We also use cookies to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience.
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them by visiting the All About Computer Cookies website, which contains comprehensive information on how to control cookies on a wide variety of browsers.
If you wish to view your cookie code, just click on a cookie to open it. You'll see a short string of text and numbers. The numbers are your identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie.
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual. Blocking these cookies will not reduce the functionality of the website.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.