http://www.apra.gov.au/privacy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy
Privacy
APRA’s Privacy Policy sets out APRA’s collection and use of personal and sensitive information.
Personal and sensitive information that APRA collects is used:
for prudential regulation and enforcement activities in respect of the Australian financial services industry;
to respond to requests under the Freedom of Information Act 1982 or Privacy Act 1988;
to provide information to those requesting to be on an APRA mailing list;
to employ staff, engage contractors and maintain the operations of APRA in compliance with legislation, rules and guidelines;
to answer inquiries and process complaints made to APRA or respond to inquiries from the Commonwealth Ombudsman; and
in correspondence with overseas regulators.
APRA is committed to:
having access to the appropriate information, including personal and sensitive information, to enable APRA to fulfil its prudential regulatory remit and its obligations as an employer, contractor and government agency;
ensuring that personal and sensitive information held is accurate and securely maintained; and
ensuring individuals have a means to access and, if necessary, request the correction of personal and sensitive information held by APRA.
APRA Privacy Policy PDF 346.27 KB
Visiting APRA’s website - analytics tools and cookies
APRA’s web analytics tool, provided by a third party provider, uses cookies to collect or view website traffic information. The information collected may include the IP address of the device used by visitors to the site and information about sites that IP address has come from, the pages and documents accessed on APRA’s website and the next site visited. APRA uses the information to maintain, secure and improve the website. Visitors to APRA’s website can opt out of the collection of this information by disabling cookies in their browser.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the Internet Service.
Where APRA’s websites allow visitors to make comments or provide feedback APRA may collect visitors’ contact details. These contact details will only be used for the purpose for which they are provided and will not be added to a mailing list without consent.
Privacy Impact Assessment Register
From 1 July 2018, APRA is required under paragraph 15 of the Privacy (Australian Government Agencies – Governance) APP Code 2017 to maintain and publish a register of the Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA) it conducts on its website. A PIA is a systematic assessment of a project that identifies the impact that the project might have on the privacy of individuals, and sets out recommendations for managing, minimising or eliminating that impact.
Title of PIA
Short description
Date of completion
Pulse survey
The survey tool is used for staff engagement surveys and feedback from People & Culture.
5/04/2019
Finance budgeting and forecasting tool
This tool is used for budgeting, levy modelling, forecasting, actuals reporting, actual calculations, capex reporting and other analysis.
4/11/2019
Finance and Procurement process system
This system supports Finance and Procurement team processes and maintains APRA’s financial data.
4/11/2019
P&C Replacement System
This system is used for recruitment, on boarding and off boarding, performance management, talent management, succession planning management, employee self-service, compensation management and learning.
4/12/2019
FSSA approval process
The process related to assessing applications made under the Financial Sector (Shareholdings) Act 1998.
30/01/2020
Direct2APRA (D2A)
Direct to APRA (D2A) is a system that facilities the submission of information by APRA reporting entities.
24/02/2020
Supervision System (Q)
This system supports APRA’s front line supervisors and risk teams in regulatory activities.
3/12/2020
Previous
Disclaimer
Next
Copyright
Subscribe for updates
To receive media releases, publications, speeches and other industry-related information by email
Subscribe