http://www.cto.int/privacy-policy/
Home
About
News and media
Press Releases
e-COMMONWEALTH
Our organisation
Commonwealth ICT Awards 2018
CTO’s 115th Anniversary
Mission and Vision
Executive Committee
SG Corner
Secretariat
Strategic Plan 2016 – 2020
Governance
Working for us
Commonwealth Professional Fellowships – 2018
Fellowships
Internships
Current vacancies
Ethical framework
The CTO – a brief history
Annual reports
Commonwealth Candidates for ITU Plenipotentiary 2018
Membership
Our members
Full Member Countries
Affiliate Member Countries
ICT Sector Members
Academia
Current PDT members
Membership benefits
Full Member Countries
Affiliate Member Countries
ICT Sector Members
Academia
PDT members
How to join
Our partners
Alumni
Organisations to which CTO belongs
Consultancy
CTO OTT Study
OTT questionnaire
Projects
CTO Consultancy Projects
Development Assistant Programme Projects
Multi-stakeholder partnerships for ICT4D
Key partnership publications
ICT Knowledge Bank
Papers and presentations by the Secretariat
CTO seminars
CTO Consultancy Group
CTO Consultants
How to join
Training
Course schedule
Course catalogue
PDT
PDT members
Join the PDT
Useful Learning Resources
Our Facilities
Events
Upcoming CTO events
CTO supported events
Calls for papers
Supporting CTO events
Past events
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
Strategic goals
Universal broadband
Mobile broadband Key readings
Mobile broadband Web links
Cybersecurity
Cyberhygiene
National Strategies
Key readings
Web links
Commonwealth Internet Governance Forum
Regulation
Key readings
Web links
Commonwealth coordination
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie policy
Terms of service
The CTO is committed to protecting your privacy, and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the CTO.int website and relates to data collection and usage. By using the CTO.int website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We will be transparent about the information we are collecting and what we will do with it.
We will use the information you give us for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy, which include providing you with services you have requested.
We will also use the information to help us understand you better and so that we can give you relevant offers.
If you tell us, you don’t want to receive marketing messages we will stop sending them.
We will put in place measures to protect your information and keep it secure.
We will respect your data protection rights and aim to give you control over your own information.
You can access our full Privacy Policy below to help you to understand better how we use your personal information. In it, we explain in more detail the types of personal information we collect, how we collect it, what we may use it for and who we may share it with.
CTO.int collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. CTO.int also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by CTO.int. This information can include the following information: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by CTO.int for the operation of the service, to maintain and improve the quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CTO.int website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through CTO.int public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Please note that CTO.int does not read any of your private online communications.
CTO.int encourages you to review the privacy statements of all webstes that you choose to link to from CTO.int so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. CTO.int is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside the CTO.int and CTO.int family of websites.
Use of your Personal Information
CTO.int collects and uses your personal information to operate the CTO.int website and deliver the services you have requested. CTO.int also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CTO.int and its affiliates. CTO.int may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CTO.int does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. CTO.int may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of our members or external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, CTO.int may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you e-mails or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CTO.int, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CTO.int does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
CTO.int keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within CTO.int, in order to determine what CTO.int services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content within CTO.int to those whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
CTO.int websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CTO.int or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CTO.int; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CTO.int, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
CTO.int secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. CTO.int secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
CTO.int will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect organisational and customer feedback. CTO.int encourages you periodically to review this Statement to be informed of how CTO.int is protecting your information.
Contact Information
CTO.int welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CTO.int has not adhered to this Statement, please contact the webmaster at info@cto.int . We will use commercially reasonable efforts promptly to determine and remedy the problem.
© 2017 CTO All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
Events terms of service
Categories
Commonwealth IGF
Uncategorized
Contact Info
64 – 66 Glenthorne RoadLondon, W6 0LRUnited Kingdom
info@cto.int
+44 20 8600 3800
+44 20 8600 3819
Quick Navigation
Membership
Training
Events
Nearby hotels
Research
How to join
ICT data
Search for:
Connect with us
Join Us on Facebook
Twitter
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks