https://www.modernfamilylaw.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsDISCLAIMER AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION PAGE THIS WEBSITE IS NOT INTENDED TO AND DOES NOT CREATE AN ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. ATTORNEY ADVERTISING. PRIOR RESULTS DO NOT GUARANTEE A SIMILAR OUTCOME. THE MATERIALS APPEARING ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND DO NOT CONSTITUTE LEGAL ADVICE. THE MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE DO NOT NECESSARILY REFLECT THE OPINIONS OF MODERN FAMILY LAW, PC, OR ANY OF ITS ATTORNEYS, STAFF, OR CLIENTS, AND ARE NOT GUARANTEED TO BE CORRECT, COMPLETE, OR UP TO DATE. YOU SHOULD NOT TAKE ACTION BASED UPON THIS INFORMATION WITHOUT CONSULTING LEGAL COUNSEL. ANY INFORMATION SENT THROUGH INTERNET EMAIL OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE IS NOT SECURE. ANYONE WHO SENDS SUCH INFORMATION ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH INFORMATION IS TRANSMITTED UPON A NON-CONFIDENTIAL BASIS. FURTHER, NO SUCH TRANSMISSION CREATES, OR SHALL CREATE, AN ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. You have reached a website maintained by the law firm of Modern Family Law, PC.  Modern Family Law, PC is a professional incorporation of attorneys based in Denver, Colorado. Your use of this website, and email systems, and any associated blogs is subject to the following terms of use. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS DISCONTINUE USE OF THIS WEBSITE IMMEDIATELY. The website and the information herein is and constitutes only general information and is not to be viewed, construed, or deemed specific, individual, or applicable legal or tax advice as to any matter, A review of information and the content and information at this website are not substitutes for consulting with a qualified professional of your choice, including a licensed attorney. Your use of this website or any of its features does not create, imply, initiate, or constitute the formation of a formal or informal professional or lawyer-client relationship between you and Modern Family Law, PC, or between you and any attorney working at or for the Modern Family Law, PC, law offices. Among other legal requirements applicable to potential attorney-client relationships, we must conduct conflict of interest evaluations for all potential new clients and matters. Thus, please refrain from sending any substantive or case-specific information regarding any matter to us through this website or otherwise. You must first contact our offices and allow a conflict of interest review to be conducted. Therefore, nothing you deliver or sent, whether as information or attachments, will be considered a lawyer-client communication or otherwise be treated as confidential or privileged unless there is a pre-existing express written agreement to the contrary. Such writings are usually either called an “engagement letter” or a “retainer agreement,” and such writings include a Colorado, California of other State mandated Statement of Client Rights and Responsibilities. All such are and should be signed by you and by Modern Family Law, PC. You may use this Website for lawful purposes only and you agree not to create any content or otherwise transmit any information or material that: (a) is false or misleading; (b) is harassing or invades another’s privacy, harms minors in any way, is obscene, or promotes bigotry, racism, hatred, or harm against any group; (c) infringes another’s rights, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; or (d) constitutes spam or the distribution of junk mail or solicitations. You, and not Modern Family Law, PC, are responsible for all content and other materials that you transmit, review, or use via this website. Modern Family Law, PC assumes no responsibility, morally or legally, for any use or any content or information you use or transmit. Nor does Modern Family Law, PC assume any duty of confidentiality as to any use or information and you understand that all such use, and all information transmitted, is at your sole risk. You agree that Modern Family Law, PC may, in its sole discretion and without recourse, at any time: (a) remove any content, information, or material from the website; (b) make changes to the website or discontinue any and all aspects of any website services; and (c) restrict online use, transmission, or storage of any information or data, regardless of its truth or accuracy. You also agree that you will not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or copy in whole or in any part any of the programs or codes of this website, and nor will you do, perform, or support any third party in relation to any of the following: Use the Website in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or for the distribution or transmission of any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise).Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others, including rights of privacy and publicity.Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, or unlawful information or material concerning any topic, person, or entity.Upload or transfer files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, or by any rights of privacy of publicity, whether registered or otherwise, unless you own or lawfully control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents to do the same.Upload code or software without Modern Family Law, PC’s expressed written permission, or alter any text, information, codes, or routines in or of this website.Upload or transfer files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or malware programs, or other deleterious codes or routines, that may damage the operation of the website, or any server, router, computer or other item of hardware or any software or program. Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services. Download or transfer any file posted by another user of the website that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.Falsify or delete any author attributions, any legal or other proper notices, or any proprietary designations or labels concerning the origin or source of any material.Restrict or inhibit any other person or user from using and enjoying the website.Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines that may be applicable to the website.Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses.Violate any applicable laws or regulations.Create a false identity.Use, download, copy, or provide to any person or entity (whether or not for a fee) any directory of users of this website, or any other user or usage information concerning this site or its users and visitors.This website may link to websites maintained by third-parties and outside organizations, including our clients. The firm does not necessarily endorse, and is not responsible for, any third-party content that may be accessed through this website. Modern Family Law, PC is not responsible for the content or policies maintained by these third party websites, and it is your duty to familiarize yourself with any privacy policy and terms of use of any third-party website you visit. The firm expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with any third party content that may be accessed through this website. While reasonable efforts are made to ensure the timeliness and accuracy of the information on this website, Modern Family Law, PC is not responsible for any outdated information, inadvertent inaccuracies, or any omissions. Again, this website is designed to provide only general information, and generalizations are not accurate as to all circumstances and situations. Any specific experiences, results, outcomes, or strategies discussed, disclosed, or referred to on this website are specific to the matters referenced, even if not specifically identified, and they are thus illustrative only. A reference to a low cost solution or any other particular outcome does not constitute a promise, warranty, or implication as to any future results or the costs incurred in relation to any result, intended or not. All legal matters are unique and all must be reviewed and analyzed within the context of their facts, location, and time of occurrence. Nothing on this website should be interpreted as a guarantee of any particular result in any legal matter. Modern Family Law, PC is comprised of attorneys licensed to practice law in several states, including Colorado and California. The content of this website is specific to Colorado and California, and under Colorado and California law or other laws this website may be considered as a form of advertising for legal services, whether under commercial laws or under the laws and rules of professional conduct. Modern Family Law, PC has attempted to comply with and adhere to all applicable legal and ethical requirements regarding law firm web websites, and nothing in or at this website is intended to create an attorney-client relationship.Hiring an attorney is a personal and important decision that should never be made based only upon a review of a website. All states and jurisdictions have statutes that make it unlawful for any person or group of persons to hold themselves out as attorneys unless admitted and licensed to practice as an attorney at law. In some jurisdictions this website may be considered advertising. The material on this website does not constitute a solicitation in any state where the Firm’s attorneys are not admitted and licensed to practice. The hiring of an attorney is an important decision that should neither be based solely upon written information about our qualifications and experience nor solely upon advertisements. To the extent the State Bar Rules in your jurisdiction require us to designate a principal office or attorney responsible for this website, Modern Family Law, PC designates its principal office as being in Denver, Colorado and designates M. David Johnson as the primary attorney responsible for this website. This website and all the information it contains, including articles, logos, trade names of Modern Family Law, PC, trademarks, service marks, personal photographs, articles, bulletins, reports, press releases, opinions, text, and directories property of the Modern Family Law, PC and may not be reproduced or relied upon for any reason without the expressed and written permission of Modern Family Law, PC. All copyrights are expressly reserved.