https://www.californiaspecialedlaw.com/about/privacy-policy/
California
Special Education Law
Advocacy Resources, Hearing & Appeal Decisions, Statistics and More for Parents
Privacy Policy
Adams & Associates has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
IP Addresses
Your IP address is a number assigned to your computer. We record and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, log site activity to create statistics, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you for fraud prevention. Although your IP address is logged by our servers, it is not personally identifiable and your visit to our site is anonymous.
Personal Data
Our site’s Contact Us form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their city and state). Your name and contact information (like your email address and mailing address) is ONLY used by Adams & Associates and is not shared with any other entity.
This site contains links to many other sites. Adams & Associates is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Confidential Information
If you seek advice or support from Adams & Associates via our contact forms, your information is kept in complete confidence. However, its receipt does not constitute an attorney-client relationship between Adams & Associates and the user or browser.
Use of Cookies
We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer. Except for personal information voluntarily provided by you (like in a contact form or registering in our shopping cart), Adams & Associates does not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes. No information of any kind about any user is shared with any third parties.
If your computer is not set to accept cookies, you may find that some parts of site will not function properly.
Public Forums
This site links to chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information about you or your family.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. If you have subscribed to our e-newsletter and do not want to receive further editions, please contact us and your email address will be immediately deleted from our database.
Use of Information Collected
Adams & Associates may share information as necessary with consultants (like an accountant or attorney) for internal business practices and may divulge personal information if such information is subpoenaed, or if Adams & Associates believes that any user has committed unlawful acts, or
acts that endanger the health or safety of another user or of the general public. In some situations, we will share your personal information, on a confidential basis, with third parties who perform a particular service on our behalf, such as sending our newsletter.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.
About UsOur Commitment to Families
Contact Us
Timothy A. Adams, Esq.
Frequently Asked Questions
Upcoming Events
ResourcesSpecial Education Law Wiki
Glossary of Special Education Terms and Acronyms
Links
Facebook
Twitter