http://www.csbs.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Conference of State Bank Supervisors website. Please read this agreement before accessing or using this site. By accessing and using the CSBS website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by, and comply with, the terms and conditions stated within these Terms of Use.
CSBS reserves the right to change these Terms of Use periodically at its sole discretion. Your continued use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use stated at the time of use.
Privacy
CSBS collects information about the users of its website. Collection of this information is governed by the CSBS’s Privacy Notice, which may be accessed at: CSBS Privacy Notice.
User Conduct
You are responsible for all use of your account (including login name and password) and email address, if applicable. You shall be solely responsible for maintaining the security of your login name and password. You agree that all the information posted or accessed will be used only for your personal and internal business purposes. You will not make any other unauthorized use of this website, or any interactive features available on this website. You may not engage in any conduct or action that is prohibited by law or violates any country, federal, state of local laws.
The information and services offered on this website are provided with the understanding that neither the CSBS, nor its strategic partners, members or users are engaged in rendering financial, legal or other professional services or advice. Any financial or bank system information, news, quotes or other content on the website is provided for informational purposes only and CSBS is not providing you with any investment advice.
While CSBS makes every effort to present accurate and reliable information on this site, CSBS does not endorse, approve, or certify such information, nor does it guarantee its accuracy, completeness, efficacy or timeliness. Reference herein to any commercial product, process, or service does not constitute or imply endorsement or recommendation by CSBS unless expressly stated.
Fees, Payment and Access
In the event that you purchase services from CSBS, you acknowledge that you are responsible for, and will promptly pay, all charges, including applicable taxes and purchases by you or anyone you allow to use your password or I.D. number, including your family, friends or colleagues. You shall be responsible and liable for any fees, including attorneys' fees and collection costs, that CSBS may incur in its efforts to collect any unpaid balances from you. Your right to use the CSBS website is also subject to limits established by your credit card issuer.
Corporate Identification and Trademarks
All registered and/or unregistered trademarks and/or service marks (collectively, “Marks”) used or referred to on this website are the property of CSBS, unless otherwise noted. You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute or modify these Marks in any way without CSBS’s prior written permission. The use of CSBS Marks on any other website, without authorization, is prohibited.
Proprietary Rights to Content
All materials contained on this website are copyrighted except where explicitly noted otherwise. All rights reserved.
You acknowledge and agree that content, including but not limited to educational materials, catalogs, text, software, photographs, video, design, graphics or other material contained in this website (“Content”) is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. You may not copy, reproduce, distribute or create derivative works from this Content or otherwise use, transmit, rebroadcast, publish, or distribute in any form this Content other than as expressly authorized by these Terms of Use without CSBS’s prior, written consent. You understand and agree that you are permitted to make one (1) copy of such Content for personal use only, provided you:
Keep all copyright and other proprietary notices on every copy you make.
Use the material in a manner consistent with these Terms of Use.
Understand that we aren’t transferring ownership of the materials directly or by implication, nor are we granting any license or right to our trademarks, trade names, or copyrights of any party.
Using any of our materials for a commercial purpose-without our express written consent violates our copyrights and other proprietary rights and breaches these Terms of Use.
Links to Third Party Sites
The CSBS site includes links to other Internet sites. These sites are independent from CSBS, and CSBS does not endorse, approve, certify or control these sites and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy or timeliness of information contained therein. Reference on the CSBS site or on any external linked site to any specific commercial product, process or service does not constitute or imply endorsement or recommendation by CSBS. Users are solely responsible for product and service selections and vendors are solely responsible for the quality and value of their products and services, delivery, billing, warranty and service. CSBS assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from use of the information contained herein or obtained at linked sites and expressly disclaims all liability for damages arising, directly or indirectly, from use, reference to, reliance on, or performance of such information.
When you access a non-CSBS website, you do so at your own risk and acknowledge that CSBS is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials available from such third party sites. You also agree that CSBS shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of your using any third party’s website. Mention of third-party companies and websites on the CSBS’s website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation.
Limitation of Liability
User expressly understands and agrees that CSBS shall not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, or any direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, incidental, special, exempt or otherwise) resulting from any use of, or inability to use, this website, or resulting from any errors or omissions in the content of this website, regardless of the basis upon which liability is claimed, even if CSBS has been advised of the possibility of such loss of damage.
This limitation is subject to the provisions of any applicable law that may restrict its scope.
Disclaimer of Warranties
While every effort is made to ensure that this website presents accurate and reliable information, CSBS makes no warranty that this website will meet your requirements or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free; nor does CSBS make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of this website or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through this website. User understands and agrees that any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this website is done at user’s own risk and that user will be solely responsible for any damage done to user’s computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such content.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, CSBS provides this site content “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, to the fullest extent allowable by law. This includes the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, and fitness for a particular purpose.
Indemnification
You agree, at your expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless CSBS, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, distributors and licensees from and against any judgment, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred in connection with or arising from any claim, demand, suit, action or proceeding arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or in connection with your use of this website or any product or service related thereto.
Termination
CSBS may suspend or terminate your ability to make purchases from our website at any time for any reason with or without notice to you.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use and the relationship between you and CSBS shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or relating to use of this website and the material contained in this website shall be resolved in the District of Columbia.
Waiver/Severability
The waiver by either party of a breach or right under these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or right. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed from the remainder of these Terms of Use, which will otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Reservation of Rights
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Questions?
For any questions or legal concerns, please contact: Buz Gorman, at bgorman@csbs.org.
About
CSBS Leadership
Careers
Contact Us
Newsroom
Policy
Comment Letters
Testimony
Cooperative Agreements
Data & Research
Charts & Interactive Maps
Research
Cybersecurity 101
Risk Reports
Community Bank Sentiment Index
Examiners
Job Aids
Accreditation
Certification
Training Programs
Graduate School Scholarships
NMLS
NMLS Modernization
NMLS Resource Center
NMLS Consumer Access
Quarterly Reports