http://www.sale-christadelphians.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
www.sale-christadelphians.net is the website of the Sale Christadelphian Ecclesia (“the Ecclesia”, “we”, “us”). This website can also be accessed at www.sale-cd.net.
We are located at 206 Marsland Road, Sale, M33 3NE.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your visits to, and use of, this website;
Information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website;
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications and/or booking onto an event hosted by the Ecclesia.
Whilst this information may be recorded, the website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission.
Cookies
Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences and are not shared with any third parties.
As part of our hosting package, there is a facility to view visitor statistics; these are completely anonymised and do not identify individual users.
If the user viewing the website does nothing other than read pages or download information, we will capture and store information about the visit but this information will not identify the individual. We do not know (and do not want to know) the identities of people who visit the site in this way and the information captured is used purely to help improve the website.
Contact and booking forms
Personal data submitted to this website via contact or booking forms will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in the relevant parts of the website.
We will never, without your express consent, provide your personal information to any third parties for any purpose, including direct marketing, with the following four exceptions, which are permitted by law:
Where we are legally compelled to pass on data.
Where there is a duty to the public to disclose data.
Where disclosure is required to protect your interest.
Where disclosure is made at your request or with your consent.
How we protect your data
We will take sensible and reasonable precautions to safeguard any data you consent to provide to us from loss, misuse or alteration.
Any user of this website needs to be aware that any data transmitted over the internet is inherently at risk of malicious interception. Consequently, we cannot guarantee the security of any data sent to us over the internet.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Policy Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time. All updates will be made available on this page as soon as they are completed.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume that you are happy with this.OkPrivacy policy