http://www.matsmatsmats.com/privacy.html
CART Empty
Commercial
All Commercial Products
Indoor
Outdoor
Anti-Fatigue
Non-Slip & Drainage
Heated Mats & Foot Warmers
Anti-Static
Switchboard High-Voltage
Tradeshow Flooring
Roof Walkway Pads
Dog Daycare Flooring
Stall & Trailer Mats
Rolled Rubber Flooring
Rubber Playground Tiles
Interlocking Rubber Tiles
Landscaping
Adhesives and Sealants
Learn: How Anti-Fatigue Mats Help
Learn: Rent or Buy?
Learn: Chemical Reactivity Guide
Learn: Chemicals and EPDM Rubber
Learn: What are UL, ETL, & NRTL?
Gymnastics
All Gymnastics & Cheer Products
Mats & Flooring
Balance Beams
Bars
Inclines (Wedges)
Skill Shapes & Props
Mat Disinfectants & Cleaners
Learn: Polyethylene vs. Polyurethane
Learn: How to Clean Your Mat
Dance
All Dance Products
Ballet Bars (Wall-Mount)
Ballet Bars (Portable)
Matlay Dance Flooring
Portable Dance Mirrors
Home
All Home Products
Kitchen
Decorative Doormats
Indoor Carpet Mats
Outdoor Entry Mats
Heated Mats and Foot Warmers
Carpet Mat with Your Logo
Bamboo Chair Mat (Roll-Up)
Bamboo Chair Mat (Tri-Fold)
Kneeling Pad - Large and Thick
Pillows & Comfort
Landscaping
Virucides/Germicides & Cleaners
Home Gym Products
NCAA Team Logo Mats
Kids
All Kids Products
Fun Playmats and Play Rugs
Playroom Flooring
College and Hockey Team Logo Rugs
Daycare Equipment and Supplies
Learn: Start & Run a Daycare
Exercise
All Exercise Products
Gym Flooring
Equipment Mats
Fitness & Exercise Mats
Exercise Props & Accessories
Wrestling
All Wrestling Mats & Supplies
Learn: How to Tape your Mat
Learn: LiteWeight Care Instructions
Learn: Classic Mat Care Instructions
Padding
Martial Arts
Yoga/Meditation
All Yoga/Meditation Products
Yoga Mats
All Yoga Mats
Yoga Mats in Bulk
Yoga Mats for Kids
Yoga Mats with Your Company Logo
Yoga Straps
Yoga Blocks
Yoga Bags
Yoga Combo Sets
Meditation & Massage
Organic Cotton Products
Mat Cleaners & Disinfectants
Learn: Yoga Disciplines
Learn: Yoga Poses (Asanas)
Learn: 6 Yoga Facts
Learn: 4 Essential Oil Scents
Learns: Advantages of Bamboo
More
By Eco-Friendly Material
Recycled Rubber
Organic Cotton
By Application
Flooring Solutions
Maintenance & Installation
We Respect Your Privacy And Won't Share Your Personal Information
MatsMatsMats.com has developed this privacy policy as an extension of our commitment to combine the finest quality products
and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers. All personal information provided by customers
to MatsMatsMats.com will be held in strict confidence and will only be used for one of two purposes:
1. Your personal information such as shipping address, billing address and email address will only be provided to outside
shipping companies we use to ship your order, and outside credit card processing companies we use to bill you for the goods
and services you purchase. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any
secondary purposes.
2. Your personal information such as shipping address, billing address and email address will never be provided to any other
entities, and will be used only by MatsMatsMats.com for the purpose of communicating with you regarding your order or to
disseminate occasional product and website news to you. Most such communication will occur via email.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
We will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure that the security, integrity and privacy of your information is protected.
These measures include the collection of personal information only on pages which are secured by a secure TLS certificate and by proper network security.
Review and Correction
At any time you can review and correct any information you provided to us that was in error or has changed by
contacting us via our website or by calling 877-777-6287.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services.
These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Questions and comments?
The MatsMatsMats.com Customer Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of
our customers and prospects. We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your
concerns. Any unresolved customer concerns can be addressed by
contacting us via our website or by calling 877-777-6287.
What else should I know about my privacy when online?
MatsMatsMats.com may contain some links to other Web sites. MatsMatsMats.com is not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of such Web sites. MatsMatsMats.com does not share any of the individual personal information you provide
with the companies to which MatsMatsMats.com links.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy we may need to disclose personal information when required by law or
in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal
process served on our Web site.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by MatsMatsMats.com as specified above.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what
information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with our company, you
can contact us at:
MatsMatsMats.com
6303 Owensmouth Ave.
10th Floor
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Phone & Fax: 877-777-6287
Send us a message