http://www.peterpaul.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
01924 240 240
Donate
About us
Find us
Safeguarding
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and conditions overview
This website is operated by St Peter and St Paul's Parish. Throughout this site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” are used to refer to St Peter and St Paul’s Church.This website, including all information, tools and services
(provision of information), is made available to you, the user, conditional upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated within this document. By visiting our site and/ or viewing, downloading or purchasing something from us; you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. Should any part of these "Terms of Service" be interpreted as, or considered to be an offer, then acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service. The terms are segmented in to "sections" for easy step by step reading. Any new features or tools which are added to our site shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of, or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.Our website is hosted via Amazon Web Servers. They provide us with this online web platform which enables us to promote our services to you.
General Conditions
General ConditionsWe reserve the right to stop, pause or refuse these services for any reason at any time.You understand that your content (if submitted through our website forms),
is transferred encrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. We do not store/retain payment card details.You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.The sections and headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only, and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
Accuracy, Timeliness and Completeness
Accuracy, completeness and timeliness of informationThe material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions. In all cases we recommend that you consult with your local Parish Priest. More up to date, more complete or more timely sources of information may be available through your local Parish Church. This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, is not necessarily current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor our website for changes.
Service and Changes
Service and changesThe extent and provision of the services obtained through this site may change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, changes, suspensions or discontinuance of Products or Services or the general information provided .We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours and images that appear within the website. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of all colours will be accurate. And images contained may be subject to copyright.We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit our website Services to any person, geographic region or country. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis.Should our services include products for sale then the descriptions of all products and relevant pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any such products at any time. Any offer for any product made on this site is void where prohibited.We do not warrant that the services, information, or other materials contained within our website will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
Transactions via other websites
Donations transacted through 3rd Party websitesWe currently refer online donations to providers with platforms designed to sufficiently managed the transaction process. Whilst we appreciate all contributions to our Parish, we would recommend that you be diligent at all times when using online platforms to transact. We do not warrant any errors, omissions, technical or illegal loss caused as a result of transacting payments through 3rd Party sites and recommend that any queries should be taken up with the transaction / facility providers.
Optional 3rd Party tools
Optional toolsWe may recommend/provide or reference links or access to third-party tools, over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide information / access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party sites or tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.Certain content, products and services available via our Service may also include materials or information from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
Comments, feedback and submissions
User comments, feedback and other submissionsIf, at our request, you send certain specific submissions or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. Personal information will be protected at all times to the best of our ability as outlined within our privacy policy. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion as unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service. You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of our Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
Use of Personal Information
Personal informationYour submission of personal information through the store is governed by our privacy policy. view our Privacy policy here.
Errors, Omissions and Inacurate Information
Errors, inaccuracies and omissionsOccasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to Information, descriptions, promotions or activities/events. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel initiatives/events if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice. We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
Prohibited Usage
Prohibited usesBy agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are over the age of 18, or that you state or that you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use our services or materials for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any UK or International laws (including but not limited to copyright laws). You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any UK or international, federal, regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Disclaimers
Disclaimer of warranties; limitation of liabilityWe do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable. You agree that from time to time we may remove the service or elements therein for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties. In no case shall St Peter and St Paul's Parish Wakefield, our proprietor(s) directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some regions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such regions or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Indemnity
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the church of St Peter and St Paul's Wakefield, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a 3rd Party.
Sevrebility
SevrebilityIn the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
Enforcement and Interpretation
Enforcement and InterpretationThe failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom.
Changes to Terms of Service
Changes to terms of serviceYou can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Parish of St. Peter & St. PaulSt. Georges WalkWakefieldWF2 7NRTel. 01924 240240Email: office.sspeterpaul.wakefield@dioceseofleeds.org.ukThe Diocese of Leeds is a Charity registered in England and Wales as Leeds Diocesan Trust, registration number 249404. The sole trustee of the charity is a trust corporation, The Diocese of Leeds Trustee, registered in England and Wales, registration number 2886244.Registered Office: Hinsley Hall, 62 Headingley Lane, Leeds, LS6 2B
Privacy Notice
Share by: