http://www.crescendointeractive.com/misc/privacy-policy.html
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This planned giving website ("website") is hosted by Crescendo Interactive, Inc. ("Crescendo") on behalf of crescendointeractive.com ("Subscriber" or "Subscribing Organization"). crescendointeractive.com is offering the content of this website to its supporters, donors, prospects and certain professionals as an educational service concerning the planned giving topics presented on this website.
Use of this website, and the website's data collection practices, are subject to the terms of this Privacy Statement.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER RIGHTS
This specific section of the Privacy Statement is adopted to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and other California privacy laws.
Any terms used in this Privacy Statement also defined in the CCPA have the same meaning.
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household ("personal information").
Categories of personal information collected by this website from consumers within the last twelve (12) months include the following:
Personal Information Collected
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Categories of Personal information as defined in California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e)
A name, address, telephone number, or financial information.
Yes
C. Categories of protected classifications under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression), sexual orientation.
Yes
D. Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
E. Biometric information
Physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including an individual's DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) that can be used alone or in combination with other identifying data to establish the individual's identity. Biometric information includes, but is not limited to, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns and voice recordings from which an identifier template such as a faceprint, fingerprint (minutiae template) or voiceprint can be extracted and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise that contain identifying information in the data.
No
F. Internet or other similar electronic network activity information.
Browsing history, information regarding a consumer's interaction with a website, or application.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Yes
H. Sensory information.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, personnel file information, performance evaluations or similar information.
No
J. Non-public education information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting on behalf of the agency of institution. Education records include grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Inferences drawn from any of the above categories of information used to create a profile of an individual's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
Yes
Personal information does not include:
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as:
medical information covered by the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or protected health information collected by a covered entity or business associate governed by the privacy, security and breach notification rules in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and or clinical trial data governed by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act;
personal information governed by certain industry specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), the California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA) and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Categories of sources from which the personal information listed above is obtained:
Directly from website visitors. For example, from information provided through form submissions provided by the user to us related to the services provided on this website.
Indirectly from website visitors. For example, through information we collect through the course of providing services and content.
Directly and indirectly from activity on this website. For example, personal information is collected from submissions through this website through its Calculator, Forms, Surveys, Online Wills Planner collected from voluntary submissions. This website also collects statistical information such as website usage details automatically. Statistical Information may be "device specific" (meaning it involves information about the hardware and operating system you are using); "location specific" (meaning it involves collecting and processing information specific to your location); "log specific" (meaning it involves information about your Internet Protocol (or IP) address and information about webpage visits such as dates, times, duration and referrals that initiated page visits as well as your registration and establishment of an OWP account); "enewsletter connected" (meaning Subscribing Organization has included your email address in an email distribution list. Subscriber uses to send planned giving emails incorporating content from the website, in which case the website will associate email activity such as opens, click-throughs and opt-outs together with other Statistical Information about your interaction with the website, such as browser history, to create a "user activity profile"); and "cookies" (which involve technologies to collect information when you visit the website).
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information collected for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided.
For example, if the website hosts a planned gifts calculator, the website will collect Calculator Information. "Calculator Information" is any information you might input when running any of the planned gifts/deduction calculators located on this website. This information could include donor information (such as a name, age, income tax rate); non-descriptive asset information (such as asset value, cost basis, and current return); and information related to your charitable giving or financial planning goals (such as desired trust return or sales proceeds). You provide us with personal information in order for us to prepare a calculator proposal. Running any calculation with a website calculator will require that you input certain Calculator Information. Calculator Information is encrypted as it passes through the Internet. The Calculator does rely on "session cookies" to operate which means the website will only use the information you input into the Calculator during your current session (or visit). Once you end your current session, the website will not save any Calculator Information unless you choose to send a non-encrypted email of the calculator proposal through the website (in the form of a weblink) to yourself and/or other person(s). Subscriber will not have access to any calculation unless you email a calculation weblink to Subscriber. Except for EU-based web visitors, Subscriber will see Form Information and Statistical Information about your page visits to the calculator and Statistical Information will associate your page visit to your unique user activity profile if your email address is enewsletter connected.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us submitted in any online form contained on this website. This includes information you submit through the "Contact Us" form to contact Subscriber, the form used to "Sign Up" for the website's related enewsletter, or the form used to request an estate planning guide or to create an online wills planner account from Subscriber. Typically, these forms ask for your First Name, Last Name and an Email Address and also provide a Comments section and will be viewable by Subscriber. All Form Information submitted through the website will be viewable by and accessible to Subscriber in the manner selected by Subscriber (such as behind a password-protected online account provided by Crescendo to Subscriber and/or by way of forwarded email to an email account established by Subscriber).
To facilitate the disclosure and sharing of information with you, Subscriber or others but only in ways consistent with this Privacy Statement and the user's sharing permissions.
For example, if the website includes an Online Wills Planner ("OWP") feature and you have created an OWP account, the website will collect your OWP Information. "OWP Information" is limited to information that you input into your password-protected Online Wills Planner ("OWP"). OWP allows you to access and retrieve your account information when you return to the website. The OWP is designed for you, the account owner, to control the sharing of any OWP Information that you have included in your password-protected account. If you have created an OWP account, neither Subscriber nor any other party will have access to your OWP Information unless you have chosen to share your information consistent with the sharing permissions allowed by Subscriber and in accordance with the terms of use for the OWP. You can review more details about the sharing functions of the OWP when logged into your OWP account.
To provide you with email alerts, advertising or marketing and other notices concerning Subscriber, that may be of interest to you.
For example, if Subscriber sends surveys via email the website will collect Survey Information. "Survey Information" is any information you might enter by responding to an email inviting you to share opinions and feedback through a survey. Survey forms permit you to select answers to questions, request assistance or explain your reasons for supporting the Subscriber. The Survey form may also permit you to update your contact information. All Survey Information submitted through the website will be viewable by and accessible to Subscriber in the manner selected by Subscriber (such as behind a password-protected online account provided by Crescendo to Subscriber and/or by way of forwarded email to an email account established by Subscriber).
To improve our website and the user's experience of the website.
For testing and internal research for technological development.
To provide analytic services, statistical information and product development to Subscriber.
For example, "Statistical Information" is basic information collected by the website about how you use the website and access its content, such as which pages you have visited. Statistical Information may be "device specific" (meaning it involves information about the hardware and operating system you are using); "location specific" (meaning it involves collecting and processing information specific to your location); "log specific" (meaning it involves information about your Internet Protocol (or IP) address and information about webpage visits such as dates, times, duration and referrals that initiated page visits as well as your registration and establishment of an OWP account); "enewsletter connected" (meaning Subscribing Organization has included your email address in an email distribution list Subscriber uses to send planned giving emails incorporating content from the website, in which case the website will associate email activity such as opens, click-throughs and opt-outs together with other Statistical Information about your interaction with the website, such as browser history, to create a "user activity profile"); and "cookies" (which involve technologies to collect information when you visit the website). Use of Statistical Information. Statistical Information will be made available to Subscriber behind a password-protected online account provided by Crescendo to Subscriber. Statistical Information may be incorporated into general analytics for use by Subscriber to understand how website visitors utilize the website and, if your email address is enewsletter connected or associated with an OWP account, may be used to combine your website and enewsletter history to compile a user activity profile for use by Subscriber to market major, blended and planned giving information that might be most relevant or of greatest interest to you.
This website may be enabled with certain services provided to Subscriber by third party organizations, such as Google, Inc., ("Google") including potentially Google Analytics, Google Search, Google Forms or Google Tags (the "Google Services"). Please note, third party enabled features have their own privacy policies, including but not limited to the collection of device-specific information, log information, location information and cookie-related information. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
As necessary and appropriate to protect against security incidents.
To verify and maintain the quality and safety of our website and services.
For example, to improve the website presentation and utilization and for troubleshooting purposes.
For purposes of aggregating, collecting, studying and reporting website, enewsletter, survey, calculator utilization, experiences and practices that are anonymous with respect to any website visitor.
In any circumstance where disclosure may be required by law.
For example, if Crescendo is compelled to disclose information due to a valid law enforcement request or subpoena, disclosure may occur.
Protect Your Personal Information
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Please take care to protect sensitive information and avoid transmitting sensitive information through the website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Crescendo is hosting the website for Subscriber. All Calculator Information, Form Information and Statistical Information collected by the website belongs to Subscriber and is information accessible to Subscriber, subject to the permissions and limitations of this Privacy Statement.
Subscriber has agreed that any personal information we provide for a business purpose will be kept as Subscriber's sole and exclusive property and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract or as intended within the direct business relationship between the website user and Subscriber. We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B:	Categories of personal information as defined in California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e) as Customer Records.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category F:	Internet or other similar electronic network activity information.
Category G:	Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
The personal information collected above for a business purpose may be disclosed to the following categories of third parties:
Third parties, such as Google and other third party enabled service providers, including those to whom you authorize us to share your personal information in connection with the products, services or information we provide to you and when required to do so by law or otherwise to protect our legal rights, property, and safety. Please note, third party enabled features have their own privacy policies, including but not limited to the collection of device-specific information, log information, location information and cookie-related information. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Sale of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold personal information we collected. We do not have any actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
California Consumer Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your rights under CCPA and explains how to exercise those rights to access, request deletion or opt out of the sale of your personal information.
Right to Access Your Information
You have the right to request disclosure of certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. In order to disclose the information, you must submit a verifiable consumer request. We will disclose the following information to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources we used to collect the personal information about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you in a portable data format.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, we will provide two separate lists disclosing:
Sales:
the personal information categories that each category that was sold;
the categories of third parties who purchased the personal information; and
the category of personal information purchased by each third party purchaser.
Note: In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information we collected.
Disclosures for a business purpose in the past 12 months
the categories of personal information
the category of third party recipient who received the personal information category; and
whether personal information of minors under 16 years of age has been obtained.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request to delete, we will delete your personal information from our live databases, unless an exception applies.
We may be unable to complete your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for one or more of the following reasons:
In order to complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
To detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
To debug our products and services to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
In order to exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
To comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (California Penal Code § 1546 et seq.).
To engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the research, if you previously provided informed consent.
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the consumer's expectations based on the consumer's relationship with us.
To comply with a legal obligation.
To otherwise use the consumer's personal information for internal and lawful uses of that information compatible within the context in which the consumer provided the personal information.
If one of the above exceptions apply, we will respond to your verifiable consumer request with the reason we are unable to delete your personal information.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
We have not sold any personal information we collected. We do not have any actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Exercising Your California Consumer Rights
To exercise your right to access and/or delete your personal information, as described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by providing your first name, last name and email address. You will receive a confirmation code to verify your identity via email. You can exercise your rights by either:
Calling us at (800) 858-9154
Visiting CCPA Contact form
Only you or a person (agent) registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access to your personal information twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
You are not required to create an account in order to make a verifiable consumer request.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the consumer's identity or authority to make the request on behalf of a consumer.
Authorized Agents:
If a consumer has an authorized agent exercise their rights, we will require proof that the consumer provided written authorization to the authorized agent to submit the request. We may request that the consumer verify their own identity or directly confirm that the consumer provided the authorized agent with permission to submit the request. We will accept a legal Power of Attorney under the California Probate Code from you for the authorized agent. To make a request using an authorized agent use CCPA Contact form and email CCPA@cresmail.com to provide the documentation demonstrating the authorized the agent has authority to exercise rights on your behalf.
Response Timing and Format
We will attempt to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time to fulfill your request, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. The CCPA allows for an extension of 45 days, for a total of 90 days to respond if necessary.
If you have an account with us, we will make our response available in that account.
If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Our response will provide disclosures regarding the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. If we are unable to respond to a request, we will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request.
We will provide your personal information in a format that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
If we determine that your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded, the CCPA permits a fee to be charged in order to respond to the verifiable consumer request. If a fee will be charged, we will notify you how we came to that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination Rights
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA, including, but not limited to:
Denying you goods or services.
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Cookies
This website uses cookies in order to enhance a user's experience when viewing the website and to compile statistical information regarding the use of the website, including for use in general analytics. Cookies are files that are transmitted by a website to a user's browser. The browser will save that file in a designated file on the user's hard drive. Cookies allow for personalization of the user's experience on the website and allows Crescendo to compile statistics about how the website is used. This includes use to help us identify website features and content in which users may have the greatest interest. Usage of a cookie is not linked to personal information while on the website. You may have the ability to change your browser settings to refuse to accept cookies. Please note that if cookies are disabled you may have limited access to all of the websites features and content.
EUROPEAN UNION PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTIFICATION
This specific section of the Privacy Statement only applies to persons defined as a "data subject" by the European Union's ("EU") General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which went into effect on May 25, 2018. GDPR is designed to protect the privacy rights of EU data subjects. This section of the Privacy Statement also contains information about the rights of a data subject and, if you are a data subject, this section of the Privacy Statement is here to make you aware of your rights.
In order to comply with GDPR, this website will operate differently when it is accessed from an internet protocol ("IP") address which Crescendo believes is based in the EU (an "EU Website Visit"). Specifically:
Consent. Each time you visit this website you will be presented with a notice about the website's privacy policy and that notice will require your consent to access the website.
Disabled Features. Certain features of this website that are otherwise described in this Privacy Statement will be disabled including: (a) the ability to send a weblink related to any Calculator output; (b) any web forms found on the website designed to allow a website visitor to contact Subscriber; (c) the Online Wills Planner; and (d) data collection and analytics related to an EU Website Visit. Accordingly, the website will not collect Calculator Information (except in the form of a "session cookie" in the event you use one of the Website's online Calculators during your visit), Form Information, OWP Information or Statistical Information about an EU Website Visit, notwithstanding and general terms described above.
Under GDPR, a "data subject" has certain rights, including:
Right to Notice. A data subject has the right to be notified about how his or her personal data will be stored or used. Consistent with those rights, you are advised that: (a) Crescendo is hosting this website for Subscriber; (b) Crescendo is based in Camarillo, California in the United States; (c) Crescendo's servers are based in the United States; and (d) this website is hosted on Crescendo's servers.
Right to Manage Data. A data subject has: (a) the right to request a copy, or report, of any personal data that the website or Subscriber has collected about the data subject; (b) the right to correct or rectify any personal data that is incorrect; and (c) the right to "be forgotten" which means the data subject can request to have his or her personal data erased or deleted.
Right to Object. A data subject has the right to object to and restrict the processing of his or her personal data. This right includes the right to object to processing of personal data for purposes of direct marketing. To exercise this right, any person may use the "unsubscribe" features contained in the footer of any email marketing communication received from Subscriber that relates to this website (such as the email newsletter that incorporates this website's weekly articles).
Right to Understand Data Retention. A data subject has the right to understand how data related to the use of any website will be used. As noted above, this website does not collect analytical or statistical information related to EU Website Visits (except for "session cookies" but only as previously disclosed). Crescendo regards information about any data subject that is provided by Subscriber to Crescendo ("Subscriber Data") to be the property of Subscriber to the maximum extent permitted by GDPR. Crescendo does not share Subscriber Data with any third party. Crescendo will store Subscriber Data on Crescendo's live database for as long as this website remains active and possibly for a longer period of time, as determined on a case-by-case basis, depending on: (i) the nature of Subscriber Data; (ii) the reason for collection, which is based on Subscriber's or Crescendo's operational needs; and (iii) consistent with written processing instructions that have been provided by Subscriber to Crescendo.
Under GDPR, Subscriber is acting as the data "controller" who is responsible for responding to any requests about any data subject's rights under GDPR. To contact Subscriber, please send an email to cressite@cresmail.com.
Interaction with "Do Not Track" Settings
The following statement is made in compliance with California's Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 ("OPPA"). If your browser is set to "do not track," collection of any information by the website will follow the procedures outlined in this Privacy Statement. Website functionality may be limited if your browser is set to "do not track."
Updates to Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement has been created and approved by Crescendo Interactive, Inc. Crescendo reserves the right to amend this Privacy Statement to reflect the current status of Crescendo's services, the operation of Crescendo's servers and technology, and/or to keep current with any legal requirements related to online privacy. If changes are made to this Privacy Statement, then the text of this Privacy Statement will be updated at this URL and the date at the end of the Privacy Statement will change to reflect the date of the most recent revisions. You may submit inquiries about this Privacy Statement to cressite@cresmail.com.
Links to Other Sites
This Privacy Statement applies to this website. This website, and incorporated content, features and programs, are supported by Crescendo Interactive, Inc. and are licensed to Subscriber under the product names of GiftLegacy or GiftLaw. You may encounter links to other websites such as those belonging to Subscriber (including for purposes of making a current (cash) gift via credit card or other online payment system to Subscriber), various federal or state agencies within the United States or other external organizations. Please be aware that Crescendo is not responsible for the information practices or privacy policies related to these external websites or the organizations that host these websites. If you have comments about this website, its content, any associated emails, enewsletters or any calculator hosted on this website, please direct your comments to cressite@cresmail.com. Comments concerning the websites of external organizations should be directed to the external organizations named on those websites.
Important Disclaimer
This website is informational and educational in nature. This website is not offering professional legal, tax, accounting, financial or estate planning advice. All persons who use information from this website must seek their own independent and qualified professional advice. For specific advice about the effect of any gift planning concept on your legal, estate planning, tax, accounting or financial situation, please consult a qualified professional advisor.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Statement, our collection and/or use of your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us by:
Calling us at (800) 858-9154
Visiting our CCPA Contact form
Effective Date: December 7, 2020
Would you like to learn more about our services?Please contact us for a free demonstration