http://www.superiornotaryservices.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Superior Notary Services is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Superior Notary Services Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Superior Notary Services website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information: Superior Notary Services collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Superior Notary Services also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Superior Notary Services. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Superior Notary Services for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Superior Notary Services Web site. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Superior Notary Services public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Superior Notary Services does not read any of your private online communications. Superior Notary Services encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Superior Notary Services so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Superior Notary Services is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Superior Notary Services and Superior Notary Services family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information: Superior Notary Services collects and uses your personal information to operate the Superior Notary Services Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Superior Notary Services also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Superior Notary Services and its affiliates. Superior Notary Services may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Superior Notary Services does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Superior Notary Services may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Superior Notary Services may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Superior Notary Services, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Superior Notary Services does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Superior Notary Services keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Superior Notary Services, in order to determine what Superior Notary Services services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Superior Notary Services to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Superior Notary Services Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Superior Notary Services or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Superior Notary Services; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Superior Notary Services, or the public.
Use of Cookies: The Superior Notary Services Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Superior Notary Services pages, or register with Superior Notary Services site or services, a cookie helps Superior Notary Services to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Superior Notary Services Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Superior Notary Services features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Superior Notary Services services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information: Superior Notary Services secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Superior Notary Services secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement: Superior Notary Services will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Superior Notary Services encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Superior Notary Services is protecting your information.
Contact Information: Superior Notary Services welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Superior Notary Services has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Superior Notary Services at clay@superiornotaryservices.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Find a Notary near me
Complete this form to be contacted about Mobile Notary Services.
NAMEEMAIL*
SUBJECT*MESSAGE*CAPTCHA
Join Our Network of Notaries
Superior Notary Services is currently looking for notaries in your area. Fill the form below now.
NameEmail*
Subject*Message*CAPTCHA