http://www.ymcali.org/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Anonymous users menu
855.2YMCALI
Donate
News
Sign in
Not a member?
Main navigation
Programs
Health & Fitness
Active Older Adults
Adult Sports & Recreation
Chronic Disease Prevention & Recovery Programs
Group Fitness Classes
Open Gym
Personal Training
Small Group Training
Personalized Wellness Plan
Virtual Fitness
Water Fitness
Child Care & Education
Before & After School Programs
Child Watch
Early Childhood / Preschool Program
Enrichment Programs
Holiday Camp
Universal Pre-K
Join Our Child Care Team
Swimming & Water Fitness
Adaptive Swim
Youth Swim
Group Swim Lessons
Water Fitness
Private Swim Lessons
Lap Swim
Open Swim
Swim Team
Lifeguard Training & Certification
Pool Schedules
Children & Teens
Birthday Parties
Y Boulton Center for the Performing Arts
Cultural Arts
Enrichment Programs
Family Activities
Sports
Fitness
Teen Programs
Summer Day Camp
Camp Programs
Forms & Waivers
Join Our Camp Staff
Community
Chronic Disease Prevention & Recovery Programs
Community Events
Community Outreach
Diversity & Inclusion Programs
Financial Assistance
Volunteer
Y Boulton Center for the Performing Arts
YMCA Family Services
Schedules
Group Fitness & Swim Schedule
Program Classes
Virtual Y
Locations
Membership
More to Explore
About the Y
Our Mission
Leadership
Annual Report
Board of Directors
Advocacy
Donate
Shop
The Y Online Store
Member Rewards
Special Events
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will advise you about our guidelines concerning the use of your personal information, including the reasonable efforts we make to protect your personal information in accordance with these guidelines, and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully.
Effective Date: October 2017
Please also see Terms of Use
II. Privacy Policy
The Young Men’s Christian Associations of Long Island (“The Y”) is committed to protecting the privacy of the users ("User", "You" or "Your") of the consumer facing website  operated by the Y,  including when you engage with us through social media tools (collectively, the "Site"). The Y's Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the non-personal information you provide to us and in making informed decisions when using the Site. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and governs data collection and usage at the Site. By accessing, browsing and/or using the Site, including all content, software, functions, services, materials and information made available on or accessed through the Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
We keep your private information private by
Not selling your information. You have entrusted The Y with your personal information, and we're committed to using it wisely. The Y will not sell your personal information to anyone without your consent.
Firewalls and Encryption.  We use firewalls and encryption technology to protect personal information on our computer systems.
Restricting Access to your Information. The Y takes reasonable precautions to restrict access to your Internet account and personal information only to those persons who are authorized to have such access for business purposes, as outlined in this privacy policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please email privacy@ymcali.org.
Please refer to this privacy policy regularly. The Y may need to change this policy from time to time to address new issues and reflect changes on our Site or within our branches. We will post material changes on the Site or otherwise notify you. We will update the “Last Date Updated” field in the “Revision History” at the bottom of this page so that you will always know our policies regarding what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the personal information that you provide to The Y, whether through the Site, our mobile applications, or in person at branch of the Y or other program location. This privacy policy does not apply to your use of any third party web sites to which our Site may link.  This policy does not apply to Personal Health Information (“PHI”) collected through the YMCA Diabetes Prevention Program or any other program offered by The Y that requires the collection of PHI or other HIPPA protected information.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
The Y collects personally identifiable information (“PII”) from you when you voluntarily submit such information to us. The collection of PII may occur in person, on the Site or through a mobile application operated, provided or otherwise controlled by The Y.  This information may include your name, home address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, demographic information, sex-offender status, membership status, emergency contact information, and other information that we may need to collect in connection with certain events, including but not limited to:
registration as a member of The Y;
registration for, or participation in, events, classes, camps, and other activities or programs offered by The Y;
participation in YMCA Nationwide Membership;
registration for surveys, forums, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, or other services or activities offered on our website; and
answering your inquiries about our websites, organization, membership, or other services or activities
Collection of Photographs
You agree that The Y may collect your likeness, by capturing your still photograph or filmed footage while present at a branch of the Y (or at an event at a different location that is sponsored by The Y) or scanning your personal identification card, for the purpose of identifying you as a member, volunteer or program participant.  Your photograph may also be used for promotional purposes for programs and services offered by The Y. The Y may also share photo and footage containing the member’s likeness with funding partners (i.e., corporate partners, foundation partners, etc.) that help to support programs and services that The Y offers to its members.
Use and Disclosure of PII
If you provide us with PII, The Y may contact you based on the information you provide to communicate with you about activities that may be of interest to you and your family.
The Y will use its best efforts to never disclose any PII about you to any third-party for purposes unrelated to The Y without receiving your permission, except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under applicable law.
We do not rent or sell PII, including information provided about children, to third parties. The Y may share PII with trusted service providers, such as payment processors, technology partners or other providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services while you are a member or program participant of the Y. In certain circumstances, we may also share information with select similar nonprofit organizations that may offer activities of interest to you. To insure the confidentiality and security of this information, service providers must agree to safeguard all information in strict compliance with this policy.
The Y conducts regular sex offender screening on all members, participants, and guests. If a sex offender match occurs, The Y reserves the right to cancel membership, end program participation, and remove visitation access.  We may also provide PII to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the provision of such information is required or permitted by law, such as in connection with the investigation or assertion of legal defenses or for compliance matters.
Collection of Payment Transaction Information
We collect information to process the financial transaction and may use that information to contact you in the future about The Y and its programs. Your payment information is transmitted to us, using an encrypted internet connection that helps maintain the privacy of this information. During the time your payment information resides on our computers, it is in an encrypted format and can only be accessed by authorized personnel with a decryption key.
Collection of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We collect non-personally identifiable information without limitation, through the use of the following types of methodology:
“Cookie” technology: A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system to help enhance your experience in using our sites and to provide us with technical information about your usage.
IP address tracking: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from our Sites, our servers log your IP address.
Web beacons: A web beacon, or “clear gif,” is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user.
Non-personally identifiable information might include the browser you use, the type of computer you use, technical information about your means of connection to our websites (such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized), and other similar information. Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our websites and about the links you may select from within the sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.
Although an industry-standard do-not-track (DNT) protocol has not yet been established, The Y’s information collection and disclosure practices and the choices it offers to consumers will continue to operate as described in this Policy.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We use non-personally identifiable information for our purposes related to running YMCAs and their programs, and, in particular, to administering websites, and, in the aggregate, to determine what technologies are being used.   We may also share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with third-parties.
Collection of Sensitive Information
Where necessary, The Y may collect certain sensitive information from you, including
payment card or bank account information to process fees or donations;
health information in connection with various fitness programs, programs in which we are responsible for supervising children, health screenings, or other health service events that we may provide from time to time; and
Access to sensitive information is restricted to those individuals who have a legitimate need for access. We will not use or disclose your information to third-parties unless such disclosure is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which the information is collected.
Privacy of Children
This Site is intended for use by children who are 13 years of age or older.  You must be at least 13 years old to register to use the products and services available on this Site.  It is the policy of The Y that children, who are younger than 13 may visit and review the content on the Site, but The Y does not permit registration by or knowingly collect, use or disclose PII from and about users who are under 13 years of age.  All interactions about a child who is less than 13 years of age through the Site must be accomplished by such child’s parent or guardian on his/her behalf.
Links to Other Sites
Users may find other content on our websites that link to the sites and services of other third-parties. We do not control the content or links appearing on these sites. Third-party sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing and may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you opt-in to receive information from us, you can change your mind later. If at any time you would like to stop receiving such information or opt out of a feature, you may change your options by emailing privacy@ymcali.org. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers, although we will make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request, and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third-party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy.
Personal Data Access and Accuracy
You may contact The Y with inquiries or complaints regarding the use of information about you. We will use reasonable efforts to grant reasonable requests to access data about the requester. We will also make reasonable requests to correct any incorrect or misleading data about the requester.
2.0 SECURITY
YMCAs take appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard against unauthorized processing of personal information, and against the accidental loss of, or damage to, personal data.  However, The Y cannot provide an absolute guarantee of the security of any of our websites or any other site on the Internet.
Consent to Transfer
YMCA websites are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to The Y will be transferred to the United States By using YMCA websites, participating in any YMCA services, and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
California Privacy Rights
The California “Shine the Light” law permits California residents to annually request and obtain information free of charge about what personal information is disclosed to third-parties for direct-marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. The Y does not distribute your personal information to outside parties for their direct marketing without your consent.
Updating your Personal Information
You can update your personal information by emailing privacy@ymcali.org or via a written request mailed to: Membership & Sales, YMCA of Long Island, 121 Dosoris Lane, Glen Cove, NY 11542. Please do not send Social Security numbers or other sensitive information to us via unencrypted email.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using the Site, you signify you acceptance of our Privacy Policy.  You promise to comply with the representations you make and are contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions, and your understanding of the scope and limitations of the protections provided under the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these policies, please do not use our Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Stay connected
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram