http://www.divorcewithoutwar.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Divorce Without War® is committed to respecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to Divorce Without War® website and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion.
The Divorce Without War® website contains links to other websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from our Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.
Collection and Use of Information by Divorce Without War®
In some areas of Divorce Without War®, we request or may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, contact information and any other information from which your identity is discernible.
Such information may be used for the purpose of determining your potential interest in receiving e-mail or other communications about particular products or services.
Our Use of Your Information – host
We use the information we gather on Divorce Without War®, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving Divorce Without War®, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.
If you have provided consent for us to do so, we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies.
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at Divorce Without War® to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. We may also provide additional communications, promotions and information on Divorce Without War® which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.
In addition, you may receive free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you.
We have areas on Divorce Without War® where you can submit feedback/contact us. Any feedback you submit in these areas becomes our property, and we can use such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes or to contact you for further information.
Choices Regarding the Disclosure of Personal Information to Others
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties, or your combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of Divorce Without War®, except as set forth below.
We disclose information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. We use data we have about you to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third-party.
We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
We disclose information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
Follow us on
What We Do
How We Help
Why Choose Us
About us
FAQ
Become a DWW Affiliate
© 2020 Divorce Without War® All Rights Reserved.
Each office independently owned and operated Services rendered may vary depending on location
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions