https://www.jubilee-centre.org/privacy-policy
About
Our History
Meet the team
Work with us
Contact us
Our Approach
Biblical Social Vision
Strategy for Engagement
Topics
Worldview and Ideologies
Local Church and Community
Environment
Welfare
Economy and Business
Science and Technology
Family and Sexual Ethics
Arts and Popular Culture
Politics and Government
Training & Events
Online course
Conferences and Events
SAGE Graduate Programme
Latest
Blog
Latest Resources
Donate
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Notice
What this privacy notice covers:
1 – Overview
1.1 Your personal data – what is it?
1.2 How do we use your personal data?
1.3 Why do we process your personal data?
1.4 Sharing your personal data
1.5 How long do we keep your personal data?
2 – Website
2.1 Jubilee Centre and HubSpot
2.2 Information we collect through the website
2.3 How we use information we collect through our website
2.4 Legal bases for using data collected through the website
2.5 Navigational Information
3 - Your rights (including how to opt-out and unsubscribe)
4 – Contact
1– Overview
1.1 Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. This information could include name, address, telephone number, email address, debit and credit card details or bank details.
1.2 How do we use your personal data?
All information that we hold concerning you as an individual supporter or purchaser will be held and processed by Jubilee Centre in accordance with the provisions of data protection legislation. This will be done by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
Such data will be used by Jubilee Centre to administer our relationship with you and to provide you with information about our activities and resources.
1.3 Why do we process your personal data?
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a service for the benefit of our audience;
To administer supporter records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the charity;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid claims);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services provided by Jubilee Centre;
You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time, please see more in Section 3.1
1.4 Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other staff members of Jubilee Centre in order to carry out a service to you. We will not transfer your contact details to other charities or to other companies for their marketing purposes.
We will not, without your consent, supply your contact details or other personal data to any third party outside Jubilee Centre except:
Where we are required to do so by law.
Where such a transfer is a necessary part of the activities that we undertake. For example we may:
transfer your name and address to a mailing house in order to send out mailings to you using a secure transfer file transfer service
transfer your contact details to our email platform provider in order to send out tailored emails to you
Transfer your name and address and values of gifts that you have given us to HMRC in order to reclaim gift aid on your gifts, where appropriate
If you are making a donation or payment with a Debit or Credit card via the Jubilee Centre website, or by phone, we use the company PayPal. You can read more about them and the PayPal privacy statement on paypal.com. If you are making a recurring payment, this will likely be processed by GoCardless, whose privacy statement can be accessed at https://gocardless.com/privacy/payers/
1.5 How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data of past staff for a period of two years after completion of service with Jubilee Centre in case of any legal claims and for the purpose of providing references.
Supporter data is kept while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for as long as they are valid or up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate.
Credit and Debit Card details not processed through PayPal or GoCardless but by another method (such as returning a paper response form from one of our mailings) may be kept for up to two months where used for one off payments.
2 – Jubilee Centre Website and Data Collection
2.1 Jubilee Centre and HubSpot
Jubilee Centre’s website is built in HubSpot’s marketing automation platform. This platform allows us to build and manage our webpages as an inbound marketing hub where visitors can learn more about our work, view and download content, and provide their contact information and other demographic information, as and where appropriate. This information, which is stored and managed on the HubSpot service providers' servers (learn more about HubSpot data protection and security here), is then used by us so that the visitors can be contacted about their interest in our services and can interact with us as they choose. Information that we collect and manage using the HubSpot subscription service for our own marketing belongs to us (Jubilee Centre is the Data Controller) and is used, disclosed and protected according to this Privacy Policy.
2.2 Information we collect
2.2.1 When you visit our website
You are free to explore the Jubilee Centre website without providing any Personal Information about yourself. When you visit the website to download our content or subscribe to our blog, we request that you provide Personal Information about yourself, and we collect Navigational Information.
2.2.2 “Personal Information"
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions that you enter into on our website, and information about you that is available on the Internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
2.2.3 "Navigational Information"
This refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the "Navigation Information" section below.
2.3 How we use information we collect
2.3.1 Compliance with our Privacy Policy
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
2.3.2 We never sell Personal Information
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
2.3.3 Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to: (a) improve your browsing experience by personalising our website and to improving your experience or engagement with our content; (b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means; (c) send you marketing communications, which might include content offers, surveys or training/event details, relating to our charity which we think may be of interest to you.
2.3.4 Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve our website and your experience of it. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalised information about Jubilee Centre.
2.3.5 Social Media Platforms
Our website includes Social Media features, such as the Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn “sharing” or “follow” buttons. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account. To this end, such features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features, instead they will be covered by the policies of the companies providing them.
2.3.6 External websites
Our website provides links to other websites, for instance via links in blog posts or webpage text. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which again are subject to policies they may have.
2.4 Legal basis for using data collected through the website
Given that the majority of our engagement with our website visitors and subscribers adheres to a permission-based, inbound marketing philosophy, we will often rely on “consent” when using personal data that reaches us via our website. An example of this would be when you actively subscribe to receive our blog updates or newsletters or when you submit your data to download an eBook from us. In line with GDPR, we recognise that this consent needs to be freely given and unambiguous, so we will use language on those forms that is clear and easy to understand.
In some circumstances, we will collect and process your personal information using the “legitimate interest” legal processing basis. For instance, this might relate to an occasion where we offer you more personalised content on our website based on navigational information we’ve collected about your previous interaction with the site. Alternatively, if you've downloaded one of our eBooks or guides, we may occasionally send you further blog or content offers that we believe you may also find interesting or helpful. We hope that your interest in this type of tailored content would be a reasonable expectation on our behalf (in keeping with legitimate interest guidance), and remember, you can choose to opt out of these type of emails at any time (as described in section 4 below). This, we believe, would be a reasonable expectation - given the detailed information above - and would enhance your experience of our website.
Sometimes, we will need to process your data as it is part of a contract which you have entered into. For instance, if you have booked a place at an event or made a donation.
2.5 Navigational Information
2.5.1 Cookies
Jubilee Centre uses cookies or similar technologies to analyse trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our visitor base.
We use "cookies" to help personalise and enhance your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise pages on our Website, for instance completing a form, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to the same Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customised features.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the webpages you visit. We use the HubSpot platform to keep track of the pages you visit, in order to determine what portion of our site is the most popular or most used by you. This data can be used to deliver customised content and promotions within the Jubilee Centre website, for instance, to visitors whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
In addition, when you’re accessing our website, your device may provide us with information about the device you’re using, this could include the type of device or what operating system you’re using. Your device manufacturer or operating system provider will be able to provide you with more details about the information your device makes available to us.
2.5.2 Log Files
Jubilee Centre may gather information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by the HubSpot marketing platform, and also by other website analysis software, such as Hotjar. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Jubilee Centre to maintain and improve quality of our website user experience, and for general statistics regarding use of our website.
2.5.3 Google Analytics
We sometimes use Google Analytics to help us understand how visitors are using and engaging with our website. This again allows us to make improvements to our web services and your online experience. The Google Analytics tracking tool uses a number of cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics and does so without personally identifying individual visitors to Google or Jubilee Centre.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States. For more information about Google’s Privacy Policy in regards to Google Analytics, please see www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
3 - Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the Jubilee Centre holds about you;
The right to request that Jubilee Centre corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the Jubilee Centre to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
3.1 Unsubscribing from communications
We only sign people up to receive our quarterly postal publications and email newsletters with their explicit permission, and we will respect your preferences to opt-out from these mailings at any time.
If you ever want to opt out of email communications, you can do this at any time by clicking the “update my preferences” or “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email from us.
You can also unsubscribe from email or postal mailings through contacting us by email at info@jubilee-centre.org, by phone on 01223 566319 or by post at Jubilee Centre, 59 St Andrew’s Street, Cambridge CB2 3BZ.
If you choose not to be contacted by us we will never send you marketing communications, but we may keep your details on a ‘suppression list’ to ensure you aren’t contacted.
4 - Contact details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact the Operations Administrator: Mercedes McGuire, m.mcguire@jubilee-centre.org, 01223 566319, Jubilee Centre, 59 St Andrew’s Street, Cambridge CB2 3BZ
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
This Privacy Notice was last updated on: 11.03.2020.
About Us
Our History
Meet the Team
Work with us
Contact Us
Our Approach
Biblical Social Vision
Strategy for Engagement
Other Links
Privacy Policy
Membership
Topics
Worldview and Ideologies
Economy and Business
Politics and Government
Local Church and Community
Science and Technology
Environment
Family and Sexual Ethics
Welfare
Arts and Popular Culture
Training
Online Course
Conferences and Events
SAGE Graduate Programme
Latest
Latest Resources
Blog
Cambridge Papers
eBooks
Follow Us
Registered charity number 1142076© 2020 Jubilee Centre. All rights reserved.