http://www.cfgnh.org/privacy
Site Navigation
Understanding Our Region
Understanding Our Region
Demographic Changes
Convenings & Donor Briefings
Support Arts & Culture
Arts & Culture Snapshot
Meet Basic Needs
Basic Needs Snapshot
Promote Civic Vitality and Social Justice
Civic Vitality Snapshot
Boost Economic Success
Economic Success Snapshot
Provide Quality Education
Education Snapshot
Protect the Environment & Animals
Environment Snapshot
Ensure Health & Wellness
Health & Wellness Snapshot
Nurture Children & Youth
Children & Youth Snapshot
Reports and Publications
Creating Opportunity
Creating Opportunity
Community: Now More Than Ever
Mission Investing
About TCF-MIC
Equitable Entrepreneurship
Small Business Loans
Entrepreneur Investments
Nonprofit Loans
Women & Girls
Our Events
How You Can Help
Women and Philanthropy: Leaving a Legacy
Healthy Families
New Haven Healthy Start
Celebrating Black Champions 4 Health
Latino Leadership
Support PLF
Celebrating Latino Leaders
Celebrating Latino Leaders - En Espanol
Education and Career Pathways
COVID-19 Relief and Recovery
Greater New Haven COVID-19 Community Fund
Ways to Help
COVID-19 Community Resources
COVID-19 Nonprofit Resources
Stories of Compassion and Perseverance
Neighborhood Leadership
Apply for the Neighborhood Leadership Program
Strengthening Nonprofits
About Our Grantmaking
Grants to Apply For
Small Grants
Event Sponsorship
Responsive Grants
Scholarships
Resources for Scholarship Applicants
Grants for Women & Girls
Nonprofit Animal Shelter Grants
The Quinnipiac River Fund
Grant Reporting
Eligibility Criteria
Guiding Principles for Nonprofits
FAQs About Applying for Grants
How an Idea Becomes a Grant
Grant Stories
Apply for a Grant
About Our Impact
Civic Vitality
Environment
Health and Wellness
Basic Needs
Arts and Culture
Economic Success
Education
Youth
Workshops & Events
Nonprofit Resource Center
Find a Consultant
Effective Boards
Organizational Resources & Links
Organizations Seeking Volunteer Board Members
Grants Available from CFGNH
Benefits of an Endowment
Job Searches
giveGreater.org®
Planned Giving Services
Why Planned Giving? Why Now?
The Planned Giving Partnership
Planned Giving Defined
Extending the Gift Conversation
What Does My Organization Need?
Does My Organization Need to be an Expert?
The Benefits of Creating a Legacy Society
Gift Acceptance Policies
Integrating Planned Giving
Sample Marketing Language
Additional Support from The Community Foundation
Investment Services
Building Endowment
What it Means to Give Forever
Financial Statements
Investments
What Inspires You?
Increasing Giving
Your Giving Your Way, Now and Forever
Creating a Charitable Fund
What is a Donor Advised Fund?
How DAFs Work
DAFs in Action
Let's Get Started
DAF Online Application
What is a Designated Fund?
What is a Preference Fund?
What is an Organization Fund?
What is a Permanent Organization Endowment?
What is a Scholarship Fund?
What is an Unrestricted Fund?
Give Today
Cash Gifts
Securities
Real Estate
Tangible Personal Property
IRA Qualified Charitable Distributions
Unusual Assets
Give Tomorrow
Life Income Gifts
Bequests
Nettie J Dayton Circle
Our Funds
Giving Stories
Celebrating Black Philanthropy
Donate Online
For Professional Advisors
Fund Options for Your Clients
Planned Giving for Your Clients
Professional Advisor Partner Network
Assets Your Client Can Give
Custom Investment Partnership Program
About
Overview & Facts
Events and Workshops
News & Publications
Press Releases
Donor Briefings
Inspiration Monday Stories
Past Annual Meetings
From the Start: Celebrating 90 Yrs
Reports
Contact Us
Directions
Staff
Board
Frequently Asked Questions
Financials
Videos & Publications
Volunteers
Our Strategic Plan 2020-2024
Donor Central
giveGreater.org
Close menu
Our Website Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy online. When you visit our website, we may collect personal information from you such as your name and e-mail address. Our third party hosting company will collect additional information such as the URL you came from, your IP address, your domain name, your browser type, the country and state where your server is located, and the pages that were viewed during your visit to our site. All this information is kept on a secure server to protect it from outside parties.
We do not sell or rent personal information to others. We use your information only for the limited purposes of sending you updates and useful information about our programs, promotional information, enhancing the site operation, for statistical purposes, and for overall systems administration.
We understand and respect the right to privacy.
This site uses two specific Google Analytics features: Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features generate information about a user’s age, gender and interests from Google’s Interest-based advertising or third-party audience data.
We do not and will not merge any personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected unless you have been given notice of and have given prior affirmative (i.e. opt-in) consent to that merger; notice and opt-in consent is considered to be given when site visitors choose to enter and submit their information via the forms used by this site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this website is restricted by the Google Privacy Policy. To provide website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed an Opt-out Browser add-on, which is available by visiting Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, to enable you to opt-out of Google’s programs.
Updated 7/30/19
Our Social Media Rules of Engagement
Thank you for being a fan of The Community Foundation for Greater New Haven’s social media channels. The Community Foundation participates in social media in order to engage individuals and organizations in our region and to foster discussion of issues important to our community.
At this time, we share content on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube, and LinkedIn. Each of these social networking platforms has their own privacy policy. Follow these links to learn more about a specific privacy policy: Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube, and LinkedIn.
We encourage public interaction and communication about the content we post on our social media accounts. However, this does not imply that The Community Foundation agrees with or accepts the content, opinions, or views expressed within any public comment. The person who posts a comment is solely responsible for the content of the comment.
While we encourage fans to share thoughts and opinions on The Community Foundation’s social media pages, we expect that this will be done in a respectful manner.
Our goal is to share ideas and information with as many individuals as possible and our policy is to accept the majority of comments made on our platforms.
However, we reserve the right to remove any comment. A comment will not be edited or modified to remove unacceptable content; the entire comment will simply be deleted.
A comment will be deleted if it contains:
Hate speech (an attack on a person or group on the basis of attributes such as gender, ethnic origin, religion, race, disability, or sexual orientation);
Profanity, obscenity or vulgarity;
Defamation to a person or people;
Name calling and/or personal attacks;
Comments whose main purpose is to sell a product;
Comments that are off topic;
Political campaigning or lobbying;
Comments that infringe on copyrights;
Spam comments, such as the same comment posted repeatedly;
Other comments that The Community Foundation Communications team deems inappropriate.
All links posted as comments on The Community Foundation’s social media platforms will be reviewed and may be deleted.
Repeated violations of The Community Foundation comment policy may cause the author to be blocked from The Community Foundation’s social media channels.
We understand that social media is a 24/7 medium; however, our monitoring capabilities are not. We may not see every inappropriate comment right away, and we are trusting in the maturity of our community to respond politely and ignore personal attacks and negative speech.
Please contact communications@cfgnh.org with any questions
Share
Print