http://www.australianorthodox.org.au/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy
You are hereHomePrivacy
The Good Shepherd Orthodox Church Inc.
Reg. No.: A0101236T
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Good Shepherd Orthodox Church Incorporated (hereinafter “the Church”) is a Christian church that worships in accordance with the Divine Liturgy, services, traditions and usages of the Holy Orthodox Catholic and Apostolic Church. It uses the English language in all its liturgical services. The Church is committed to safeguarding the privacy of all those from whom we collect personal information.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information or an opinion, whether true or not, and whether recorded in some way or not, about you, or that identifies you, or on the basis of which you may reasonably be identified.
A subset of personal information is sensitive information, which often concerns health or the provision of a health service but also includes an individual’s religious beliefs and affiliation, racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, sexual orientation and criminal record.
What personal information do we collect and hold?
We collect your name, address, telephone number(s), email address, baptismal/chrismation status, baptismal/chrismation name, employment or voluntary positions held in the Church, the dates of pastoral visits and related notes, Working with Children Check (WWCC) number, if any, the birthdates of those with a WWCC, and Child Safety Code of Conduct declarations, if any. We also collect details of the medical conditions of children who attend the Sunday School and the names and contact details of their parents or caregivers.
Why do we collect personal information?
The Church collects and holds your personal information for a variety of reasons, which we generally inform you about at the time of collection, and which may include:
to administer the Eucharist and other sacraments and to provide spiritual and pastoral care;
to compile mailing lists and to maintain a database for such purposes as to provide you with a weekly newsletter about the Church’s activities and to assess applications for voluntary or employment positions;
to comply with legislative and regulatory requirements, particularly the Victorian Child Safety standards; and
to manage the Good Shepherd Orthodox Church Incorporated (the incorporated association).
If you choose not to provide your personal information, or you provide us with incomplete or inaccurate information, we may not be able to provide you with the information or services that you seek.
How do we collect personal information?
We collect personal information directly from registration forms completed by you or a responsible person or guardian, from face to face meetings and interviews, from telephone calls, emails and post, or via our website. We do not collect information from sources other than you, save that we do ordinarily collect information about your children from you, as parent or guardian, unless extraordinary circumstances require that we collect it directly from the child.
You have the right in certain circumstances to provide information anonymously or under a pseudonym, but in most circumstances we will have to identify you in order, for example, to minister the Eucharist to you or to provide you with other assistance.
How do we use personal information?
We use and disclose your personal information for the particular reason or reasons for which it was collected and for such secondary related purposes as you reasonably expect us to use and disclose your personal information.
Consent
We require that you consent to any collection, use or disclosure of your personal information. Your consent must be either direct, i.e., in writing or orally, or implied by your conduct; normally it is implied by your conduct.
Disclosure of your personal information
We will disclose your personal information to a third party only:
where you give us direct permission in writing;
where required or authorised to do so by or under an Australian law or a court/tribunal order; or
where the Church reasonably believes that the use or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary for one or more enforcement related activities conducted by an enforcement body.
In no circumstances will we disclose your personal information for the purposes of direct marketing.
Cross-border disclosure
We will not disclose your personal information to persons or entities in another country without your specific direct permission.
How we manage and secure your personal information
The Church takes all reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
We manage your personal information by means of a church management software, a communications package and email accounts for specific purposes. Hard copy original enrolment forms and printed lists for the Sunday School are kept on hand in case of emergency.
Electronic management systems are secured by passwords known only to a limited number of authorised users. Hard copy Sunday School information is kept in a locked cupboard in the Sunday School room. All Child Safety records are kept in a locked file box by the Child Safety Officer.
We do not track individual use of our website, but do use de-identified data to compile statistical reports on usage of the website.
The Church will retain your personal information while it can use or disclose that information for a legitimate purpose under the Australian Privacy Principles (see next section). When it can no longer use or disclose your information for such a lawful purpose, it will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify your personal information, where it is lawful for it to do so.
Compliance with legislation
The Church complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Act) and the Australian Privacy Principles in the Act. In relation to health information it complies with the Health Records Act 2001 (Vic), which creates a framework to protect the privacy of individuals’ health information and regulates the collection and handling of health information in Victoria.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to access the personal information we hold about you, and you may request this using the contact details given below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable period and normally within 30 days, and will normally give you access unless an exception in either the Privacy Act or the Health Records Act applies. In the rare event that we deny your request, we will advise you of our reasons in writing and how to complain if you believe that our decision is inappropriate.
Correction of your personal information
If we are satisfied that, for the purposes for which it is held, the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, or if you request that we correct your information, we will take all reasonable steps to correct your information to ensure that it is accurate, up to date, complete, relevant and not misleading. If your information changes, please let us know so that we can keep your information up to date.
If you wish to correct or modify your information, please write to us using the contact details given below.
Complaints
If you believe that we have breached the Australian Privacy Principles and wish to lodge a complaint about it, or if you have a question about this policy, please write to the Church’s Privacy Officer using the contact details given below. If you make a complaint, we will conduct an internal investigation of your concerns and endeavour to resolve them as soon as possible. We will advise you in writing of the outcome of your complaint.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Church may update or amend this policy from time to time to reflect its current practice and any changes in the law. Any changes will take effect from the time they are posted on the website www.thegoodshepherd.org.au
Privacy Officer contact details
Fr. Geoff Harvey, Parish Priest
PO Box 8061
MONASH UNIVERSITY VIC 3800
Telephone: (03) 9905 3179
Email: privacy@thegoodshepherd.org.au
Privacy Statement approved by Parish Council for publication on 2 August 2018.
SHARE:
Fr. Geoff’s Blog
Joy
Fr. Geoff Harvey14 Jul 2020 - 7:00am
At the start of this week, I was looking forward very much to seeing more faces I haven’t seen for the last three or four months at the Liturgy this coming Sunday.
The Holy Mysteries
Fr. Geoff Harvey10 May 2020 - 9:00pm
The Holy Mysteries (also known as “Sacraments”) express how God restores people to a loving, trusting relationship with Him through the Church. They are the primary means of communicating His peace, love and grace in the form of His indwelling presence.
more posts