http://www.stjohnsleyland.co.uk/data-privacy-notice/
Home > Data Privacy Notice
The Parochial Church Council (PCC) of Leyland St John
This Data Privacy Notice can be downloaded by clicking this link – St John’s data privacy notice (2018)
1. Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
2. Who are we?
The PCC is the data controller (contact details below). This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
The PCC of Leyland St John’s complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by:
keeping personal data up to date
by storing and destroying it securely
by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data
by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure
ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular
geographical area as specified in our constitution;
To administer membership records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the charity;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at St John’s;
4. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
The three legal bases which allow us to process your data are:
Your explicit consent so that we can keep you informed about news,
The three legal bases which allow us to process your data are:
Your explicit consent so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and keep you informed about diocesan events.
Processing your data is necessary for carrying out legal obligations in relation to Gift Aid or under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement;
Processing your data is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided: –
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
5. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent, or with statutory authorities where there is a legal requirement to do so.
6. How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out by the Church of England. Specifically, we retain electoral roll data while it is still current; gift aid declarations and associated paperwork for up to 6 years after the financial year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
7. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data you have the right to: –
request a copy of your personal data which the PCC of Leyland St John’s holds about you;
request that the PCC of Leyland St John’s corrects any personal data if it is found to be
inaccurate or out of date;
request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the PCC of Leyland St
John’s to retain such data;
withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
request that the data controller provide you with your personal data and where possible, to
transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability),
where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to
request a restriction is placed on further processing;
object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable)
lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
8. Further Processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
8a. Electoral Roll Data Privacy
There is a specific data privacy notice related to the electoral roll, where it is a legal requirement to publicly display names and addresses of people on the roll. The notice can be found here (Electoral Roll Data Privacy Notice 2019)
9. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact the office via email at pccleylandstjohns@gmail.com or contact the Church on 07801 395934.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe
House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
The Data Privacy Notice above can be downloaded by clicking this link – St John’s data privacy notice (2018)