http://www.qrd.org/qrd/usa/legal/lgln/2000/07.and.08.00
LESBIAN/GAY LAW NOTES
ISSN 8755-9021	July/August 2000
Editor: Prof. Arthur S. Leonard, New York Law School, 57 Worth St., NY, NY 10013, 212-431-2156,
fax 431-1804; e-mail: asleonard@aol.com or aleonard@nyls.edu
Contributing Writers: Elaine Chapnik, Esq., New York City; Ian Chesir-Teran, Esq., New York City;
Steven Kolodny, Esq., New York City; Mark Major, Esq., New Jersey; K. Jacob Ruppert, Esq., Queens,
New York; Daniel R Schaffer, New York City; Robert Wintemute, Esq., King's College, London, England.
Circulation: Daniel R Schaffer, LEGALGNY, 799 Broadway, Rm. 340, NYC 10003. 212-353-9118; e-
mail: le-gal@interport.net
(C) 2000 by the Lesbian & Gay Law Association Foundation of Greater New York.
SUPREME COURT RULES FOR BOY SCOUTS IN GAY MEMBERSHIP DISPUTE
Ruling 5-4 in _Boy Scouts of America v. Dale_, 2000 WL 826941 (June 28), the U.S. Supreme Court
held that the New Jersey Supreme Court=s application of the state=s public accommodation law to require
the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) to reinstate openly-gay Jim Dale (described in the Court=s opinion as an
Aavowed homosexual and gay rights activist@) as an adult member and scout leader violates the BSA=s
First Amendment right of expressive association.
The majority opinion, by Chief Justice William Rehnquist,
apparently an avowed heterosexual, asserted that requiring the reinstatement of Dale would be improperly
forcing the BSA to articulate a message that homosexuality is acceptable for its members.
In dissent, Justice
John Paul Stevens argued that the record supported no such conclusion, and that the First Amendment was
not even implicated in the case.
Dale joined the Scouts as an 8-year old, working his way up through the ranks to attain the distinction of an
Eagle Scout, the organization=s highest rank for a youth member.
After turning 18, Dale applied to be an
adult member, and was assigned as assistant scoutmaster to his New Jersey troop.
Meanwhile, Dale
enrolled at Rutgers University, finally accepted his sexual orientation and joined the Lesbian/Gay Alliance,
becoming co-president in 1990.
After a local newspaper printed an article about Dale=s participation in a
seminar on problems of gay teens and identified him as co-president of the gay alliance, Dale received a
letter from the local Scout council dismissing him from the organization.
Responding to his follow-up
inquiry, Monmouth Council Executive James Kay told him that the Scouts Aspecifically forbid membership
to homosexuals.@ In 1991, New Jersey=s gay rights law went into effect.
Dale filed a lawsuit, asserting that
he was being denied participation by a place of public accommodation on the basis of his sexual orientation.
The state trial judge granted the Scouts= motion for summary judgment, finding that the organization is not a
place of public accommodation under the statute and, alternatively, that the Scouts are entitled to
discriminate in membership based on a First Amendment right of freedom of association.
The Appellate
Division of the Superior Court reversed, finding that the law applies to the Scouts and rejecting the First
Amendment defense, although one judge partially dissented, finding that the organization should be entitled
to select its leaders without court interference.
The New Jersey Supreme Court unanimously affirmed in
1999, and the Scouts petitioned for certiorari, raising the First Amendment defense as the only federal issue
in the case.
Chief Justice Rehnquist=s opinion, which was joined by Justices Scalia, Thomas, Kennedy and O=Connor,
rather extraordinarily held that the Court must defer to the Scouts= determination
of two factual issues vital
to the case: that the organization is engaged in an Aexpressive association@ that includes the expression of
disapproval of homosexuality, and that compliance with New Jersey=s public accommodation law in
Dale=s case would significantly burden that expressive association.
The New Jersey Supreme Court had
unanimously ruled against the Scouts on both points, finding that the BSA=s publicly articulated policies did
not include any coherent anti-gay message or purpose, and thus that the organization=s right of expressive
association would not be burdened by the court=s order to reinstate Mr. Dale as an assistant scoutmaster.
On behalf of the Court, Rehnquist took the view that so long as the BSA=s position appeared to be
genuinely held and found some support in the record, it would not be appropriate for the Court to substitute
its own finding as to what the organization=s expressive purpose is.
The BSA argued that part of its
expressive function is to signal to its members that homosexuality is unacceptable, and that although none of
the organization=s publications mention homosexuality, this message could be derived from the Scout
Oath=s injunction to be Amorally straight@ and the Scout law=s command to be Aclean in word and
deed.@
Further, the BSA advanced a Arole model@ theory, arguing that having an openly-gay scoutmaster
would present a role model to Boy Scout troop members contradictory to the desired message.
Further, Rehnquist accepted the BSA=s argument that accepting Dale, an openly-gay person who was the
co-president of a gay student organization, as a scoutmaster would significantly burden the organization=s
expressive association, embracing without any real analysis or explanation the Acontradictory role model@
theory.
Finally, without any substantive discussion of the state=s justification for burdening expressive association,
Rehnquist conclusorily stated that any interests New Jersey sought to advance through its enactment and
application of the public accommodations law were outweighed by the significant burden on BSA=s
expressive association.
Writing for himself and Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer, Justice John Paul
Stevens argued that the Court had adopted an Aastounding view of the law@ when it held that the BSA was
entitled to judicial deference on the issue of defining its expressive association and determining the degree of
burden placed upon it by the state.
Stevens argued that this approach would severely undermine the
application of public accommodation laws by giving a free pass to potential sham expressive associational
claims.
In this case, he pointed out, at the time Dale was dismissed, the BSA had not publicly articulated
any position with respect to homosexuality, and had never sought to instruct its members as to any view of
this issue.
The sole documentation of BSA policy prior to 1991 was an internal memorandum sent in 1978
by the top scout official to the members of the executive board, and, as Stevens noted, even that document
indicated an understanding that if states began to outlaw sexual orientation discrimination, the organization
would have to adjust its employment policies accordingly.
Stevens found that the documentary record totally supported the New Jersey Supreme Court=s conclusion
that far from being a central or unified part of the BSA=s expressive purposes, homosexuality was an
invisible issue in the organization, as to which all overt expression seems to have been carefully avoided.
Under the circumstances, it was hard to conclude that the BSA=s expressive association would be
burdened in any way by having an openly gay man serve as a scoutmaster.
Stevens was particularly critical of the majority=s implicit embrace of the idea that an openly-gay person is a
virtual political billboard, whose message could be found to be forced on anyone required to associate with
him. AThe only apparent explanation for the majority's holding, then, is that homosexuals are simply so
different from the rest of society that their presence alone -- unlike any other individual's -- should be singled
out for special First Amendment treatment.
Under the majority's reasoning, an openly gay male is
irreversibly affixed with the label >homosexual.=
That label, even though unseen, communicates a message
that permits his exclusion wherever he goes.
His openness is the sole and sufficient justification for his
ostracism.
Though unintended, reliance on such a justification is tantamount to a constitutionally prescribed
symbol of inferiority.@
Stevens described as Amind-boggling@ the idea that an organization could be
considered to endorse every political position taken by any of its members, pointing out that the Scouts=
million-plus adult members must have a wide variety of views on controversial social issues.
Stevens concluded his dissent with a summary of societal change in attitudes towards homosexuality. which
is very pleasant to read but whose relevance to the legal analysis is unclear.
Indeed, this last section
prompted Justice Souter to write a brief separate dissent, joined by Justices Breyer and Ginsburg, observing
that societal attitudes, while interesting, were not dispositive of the issues before the Court, and that Souter
and his colleagues had joined the dissent because they agreed with Stevens that the BSA failed to show that
their expressive association was being burden by the application of the public accommodations law.
In his
opinion for the Court, Rehnquist acknowledged that social attitudes towards homosexuality have moved
towards greater acceptance and toleration, but contended that First Amendment values are all the more
importantly implicated to protect those who seek to express their disagreement with societal trends.
Dale was represented in the case by Lambda Legal Defense Fund, whose Senior Staff Attorney Evan
Wolfson argued the case at all levels of the litigation.
Lambda=s cooperating attorney co-counsel in the
case was Allyson W. Haynes of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton.
A wide range of organizations joined
together to file sixteen amicus briefs in support of Dale=s case (including the Girl Scouts of America and the
4-H Clubs, the nation=s other leading youth organizations, while opponents had filed 21 amicus briefs in
support of the Boy Scouts.
The long term significance of this case is unclear.
Although the Court upheld the BSA=s First Amendment
claims, Rehnquist=s opinion strained to distinguish this case from the growing body of cases rejecting such
claims by other membership organizations, and emphasized Dale=s own activism in justifying the contention
that his present as an assistant scoutmaster would force an unwanted message on the organization.
Stevens
noted that this is the first case in which the Court has upheld a constitutional defense by a membership
organization against the application of a public accommodations statute or ordinance.
On the other hand,
the Court=s articulation of a Adeference@ policy in reviewing the factual assertions of the BSA, if followed
indiscriminately by lower courts, could seriously undermine the enforcement of anti-discrimination laws in a
wide range of circumstances.
And the case does perpetuate the notion of gay people as walking billboards
whose very presence sends messages, giving rise to potential First Amendment claims by who knows how
many discrimination law defendants.
Media reaction to the opinion was divided, but many media outlets editorialized that even if the decision was
correct, the Court had carefully avoided expressing any support for the BSA=s discriminatory policy, and
many argued that having won their legal point, the BSA should now revisit the matter and abandon its
policy.
The BSA=s policy has had one ironic impact: Boy Scout Troop 73 in Matawan, N.J., the troop for which
Dale was briefly assistant scoutmaster, is no more.
Why?
A shortage of adult leaders is one of the reasons
given for the decision to disband the troop.
(See J. Gold, ATroop is gone, but Scouts cheer court ruling,@
_Milwaukee Journal Sentinel_ (Associated Press Story), July 2.) It sounds very much like the BSA policy is
cutting off the organization=s nose to spite its face.
A.S.L.
LESBIAN/GAY LEGAL NEWS
Texas Appeals Court Holds Sodomy Law Unconstitutional
The Texas 14th District Court of Appeals in Houston ruled June 8 in _Lawrence v. State of Texas_, 2000
WL 729417,
that the state's law forbidding oral or anal sex between members of the same sex, Texas
Penal Code sec. 12.06, violates the Texas Equal Rights Amendment.
This is the fifth time that some version
of the resilient Texas sodomy law has been held unconstitutional by a lower court since 1970.
Hopes are
high that it may be the first such ruling to Astick.@
The case arose from the arrest of John G. Lawrence and Tyron Garner in September 1998.
According to
one newspaper report, a roommate of Lawrence turned in a false report to the police that there was an
armed intruder in Lawrence's Houston apartment.
Police officers broke into the apartment and found
Lawrence and Garner engaged in sex.
The men were then prosecuted by the Harris County District
Attorney for consensual sodomy.
They were first tried in the County Justice Court, which rejected their
claim that the statute was unconstitutionally applied to them and fine them each $125.
They appealed to the
County Criminal Court at Law, where the court against rejected their due process and equal protection
claims and upped the fines to $200 each.
Then followed their appeal to the court of appeals.
Before the court of appeals, Lawrence and Garner advanced four theories of constitutional attack: that the
statute violates their federal equal protection rights, both as applied and on its face; that the statute violates
their state constitutional equal protection rights, both as applied and on its face; that the statute violates their
state constitutional right to privacy, and that the statute violates their federal constitutional right to privacy.
Two panels of the Texas court of appeals in Austin had previously accepted the argument that the statute
violates state constitutional privacy, in _City of Dallas v. England_, 846 S.W.2d 957 (Tex. App. - Austin
1993), writ dism'd w.o.j.) and _State v. Morales_, 826 S.W.2d 201 (Tex. App. - Austin 1992), rev'd on
other grounds, 869 S.W.2d 941 (Tex. 1994).
However, the Texas Supreme Court's reversal on
jurisdictional grounds removed the precedential value of those holdings, the Court having held that only the
Court of Criminal Appeals in an actual appeal of a prosecution can declare a state penal law
unconstitutional.
Further, in _Henry v. City of Sherman_, 928 S.W.2d 464 (1996), the Texas Supreme
Court had rejected a sexual privacy claim under the state constitution, also undercutting the reasoning of the
_England_ and _Morales_ court of appeals decisions.
In light of these developments, Justice John S. Anderson, writing for himself and Chief Justice Murphy,
premised their decision solely on state equal protection, as embodied in the Equal Rights Amendment of the
state constitution, which forbids discrimination on the basis of sex.
Here some historical background is
helpful.
Prior to 1974, the Texas sodomy law was a felony law applicable to all _carnal copulation_
involving body parts other than a penis interacting with a vagina.
(How to put this delicately?
Oh, these sex
crimes laws!)
The sex of the participants
was irrelevant to the question of culpability under the statute.
A
penal code revision in the early 1970s, provoked in part by a decision of a 3-judge federal district court
holding the law unconstitutional on federal privacy grounds (which was subsequently vacated and remanded
by the U.S. Supreme Court on standing grounds), reduced the offense to a misdemeanor punishable only by
fine, and reduced the scope of the law so as to exempt opposite-sex couples from the prohibition.
Consequently, Texas, in common with just a handful of other states, only penalizes same-sex intercourse.
It
was this reformed statute that was declared unconstitutional on state privacy grounds in _England_ and
_Morales_, and which had been declared unconstitutional on federal privacy and equal protection grounds
by the U.S. District Court in Austin in 1982, in a decision subsequently reversed by the 5th Circuit and
denied certiorari by the Supreme Court shortly after its _Bowers v. Hardwick_ ruling of 1986 upholding
Georgia's sodomy law.
These developments essentially left the Texas ERA as the most viable legal theory, assuming the court was
not ready to venture into the speculative realm of federal constitutional law in the wake of _Romer v.
Evans_, which it apparently was not.
Lawrence and Garner argued, in pursuit of this theory, that by making
illegal when committed by same-sex couples behavior that was lawful when committed by opposite-sex
couples, the state was penalizing conduct on the basis of the participants' sex, thereby implicating the state
constitutional ban on sex discrimination.
The majority of the court bought this argument completely.
Furthermore, unlike the federal constitution, the Texas constitution specifically lists sex as a forbidden basis
for discrimination, and Texas courts have held that sex is thus a suspect classification, and the state must
have a compelling interest at stake in order to create a sex classification in its laws.
Describing the legislature's action in 1973 when it revised the law, Anderson wrote, Athe Texas Legislature
created two standards, demarcated by the sex of the actors: oral and anal intercourse when performed by a
man and a woman would henceforth be legal, but oral and anally intercourse performed by two men or two
women would remain illegal.
Thus, after 1974, the distinction between legal and illegal conduct was not the
act, but rather the sex of one of the participants.
Accordingly. . . Lawrence and Garner are treated
differently from others who engage in this activity, solely on the basis of their sex.@
As to the state's defense to this discrimination charge, ASurprisingly, counsel for the State conceded at oral
argument that he could not >even see how he could begin to frame an argument that there was a compelling
State interest,' much less demonstrate that interest for this Court.@
Instead, the state argued that it has a
legitimate purpose to enforce principles of morality and promote family values, and argued that strict scrutiny
should not be applied because the prohibition applies equally to men and women and thus does not
discriminate between them.
This, of course, is the same conceptual argument the Commonwealth of Virginia made in defending its law
against interracial marriage in 1967, contending that as whites and blacks were equally forbidden from
marrying across racial lines, there was no discriminatory treatment based on race.
Anderson pointed out
that the Supreme Court had rejected Athis sophistry@ in _Loving v. Virginia_, 388 U.S. 1, and the Texas
court of appeals would do no less in this case.
AMerely punishing men who engage in sodomy with other
men and women who engage in sodomy with other women equally, does not salvage the discriminatory
classification contained in this statute,@ Anderson asserted.
AThe simple fact is, the same behavior is
criminal for some but not for others, based solely on the sex of the individuals who engage in the behavior.
In other words, the sex of the individual is the sole determinant of the criminality of the conduct.@
And,
since the state did not even attempt to argue that it had a compelling interest to support this discrimination,
the court found it unconstitutional on its face.
In footnotes, Anderson responded to Justice J. Harvey Hudson's dissent. Hudson argued that the analogy
between this case and _Loving_ was inappropriate.
He recited the history behind the 14th Amendment,
characterizing it as part of a collection of legislative and constitutional acts undertaken after the Civil War to
wipe out all vestiges of slavery, and that the Supreme Court in 1967 had identified the racial purity theory on
which the Virginia Supreme Court relied to uphold the miscegenation law as being such a vestige of slavery.
Thus, in Hudson's view, striking down the miscegenation law was within the broad intent of the framers of
the 14th Amendment.
On the other hand, he argued, the history of the adoption of Texas's Equal Rights
Amendment showed that it was intended by its proponents and the voters who ratified it to redress the
imbalance of official treatment as between men and women.
Hudson noted that the opponents of the ERA
argued that its enactment would lead to approval of same-sex marriage and decriminalization of homosexual
conduct, and that they were ridiculed for so predicting.
It was thus ironic, in his view, that now the court
was using the ERA to strike down the homosexual sodomy law.
In Hudson=s view, the voters who ratified
the ERA did not intend thereby to cast doubt on the constitutionality of the sodomy law.
Anderson's footnote response to this was to observe that when the ERA was enacted, Texas had not yet
reformed its sodomy law, and so at the time ERA passed, it could not have been used to strike down that
law because the criminality of the behavior did not depend on the sex of the participants.
Therefore,
according to Anderson, it is not appropriate to impute a particular intent to the Texas voters of 1972
regarding the impact of the measure they were passing on a law that didn't even exist yet.
Hudson accused the majority of applying the literal language of the ERA in a way that distorted its meaning.
He would accept the state's argument that there was no sex discrimination here, and would as well accept
its argument that the state's police power to enforce public morals provided a legitimate basis for the law.
While conceding that the legislature was not necessarily infallible in its selection of moral principles to protect
through criminal law, Hudson argued that the determination of which principles to protect is a legislative, not
a judicial, function.
In addition, of course, he could not resist citing and quoting Leviticus, Blackstone, and
anyone else who came to hand to make the point that outlawing homosexual conduct was solidly in the
mainstream of western moral tradition.
The Harris County District Attorney announced towards the end of June that his office would request _en
banc_ review by the full 14th Court of Appeals before attempting to take the case up to the state Court of
Criminal Appeals in Austin. _Houston Chronicle_, June 28.
Lawrence and Garner are represented by local counsel Mitchell Katine of Houston, acting as a cooperating
attorney for Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund, where staff attorneys Ruth Harlow (who argued the
appeal) and Suzanne Goldberg are working on the case.
In a press advisory celebrating the ruling, Lambda
pointed out that if this decision stands, there will be only three states -- Arkansas, Kansas, and Oklahoma
-- with laws that specifically target gay sex, while twelve others, mainly in the southeast and the midwest,
continue to criminalize all non-vaginal intercourse regardless of the sex of the participants.
Lambda is
currently representing the plaintiffs in an Arkansas sodomy law challenge, and the ACLU Lesbian and Gay
Rights Project is providing counsel for a challenge pending against the Puerto Rican sodomy statute (which
is not counted among the twelve mentioned above). A.S.L.
Louisiana Supreme Court Rejects Sodomy Law Challenge
As we were going to press, we learned that the Louisiana Supreme Court had voted 5-2 in a decision
released July 6 to reject a pending challenge to the state=s sodomy law.
In 1999, a panel of the state=s
intermediate appellate court held that the law violated the state constitutional right of privacy, in a case
involving the conviction of a man for having consensual oral sex with a woman.
_State of Louisiana v.
Smith_, 729 So.2d 648 (4th Cir. Feb. 9, 1999), review granted, June 25, 1999.
According to press
reports on July 7 and 8, Justice Chet Traylor wrote for the court majority, ASimply put, commission of what
the Legislature determines as an immoral act, even if consensual and private, is an injury against society
itself. . .
A violation of the criminal law of this state is not justified as an element of the >liberty= or
>privacy= guaranteed by this state=s constitution.
The freedom to violate criminal law is simply anarchy
and, thus, the antithesis of an ordered constitutional system.@
The court reportedly relied heavily on the
U.S. Supreme Court=s 1986 _Hardwick_ decision to justify its holding.
The ruling reportedly drew heated
dissents from Justice Harry Lemmon and Chief Justice Pascal Calogero Jr., who wrote that the state Ahas
no legitimate interest or compelling reasons for regulating, through criminal statutes, adult, private, non-
commercial, consensual acts of sexual intimacy.@
The _Baton Rouge Advocate_ (July 7) also reported that by a 6-1 vote, with the Chief Justice the only
dissented, the court also upheld a provision of the law that sets a stiffer sentence for commercial oral sex
than for prostitution, in a separate case in which convicted prostitutes had challenged their sentences as
excessive.
Still pending is a civil suit filed by the Louisiana Electorate of Gays and Lesbians, which challenges the
sodomy law both on privacy and equality grounds, contending that the law is unfairly used to target gays for
punishment and stigmatization.
This suit won a favorable ruling in March 1999 from Orleans Parish Civil
District Judge Carolyn Gill Jefferson, on privacy grounds, but an appeal is pending by the state.
Because the full text of the _State v. Smith_ decision was not available as we went to press, we will present
fuller coverage of the written opinion in the September issue of _Law Notes_.
The quotations above were
taken from press reports.
_N.Y. Times_, July 8; _Baton Rouge Advocate_, July 7; Lambda Legal Defense
Fund Press Release, July 7. A.S.L.
U.S. Supreme Court Rules That Washington Visitation Statute Violates Due Process Rights of Parents
Delving into the emotional thicket of family law disputes, the U.S. Supreme Court recently struck down a
broadly worded Washington visitation statute, and denied the appeal of two grandparents who sought
court-ordered visitation with their grandchildren. _Troxel v. Granville_, 2000 WL 712807 (U.S. June 5)
In
a 6-3 ruling that generated six separate opinions, the court held that the statute, which permitted Aany
person@ to petition for visitation rights Aat any time@ and authorized state superior courts to grant such
rights whenever it would serve the best interests of the child, was too broad and violated the Due Process
rights of the children's biological mother.
Although the case did not explicitly implicate non-traditional
families, the court's holding may play a significant role in future litigation between lesbian and gay biological
parents and others who seek to compel visitation with their children, including same-sex co-parents and
grandparents.
The _Troxel_ case was brought by grandparents who, after the death of their son, sought more frequent
visitation with their two grandchildren over the objection of the children's mother, to whom their son was
never married, defendant Granville.
The grandparents requested two weekends of overnight visitation every
month and two weeks of continuous visitation each summer; Granville only agreed to one day of visitation
per month with no overnight stays.
In 1995, the Washington Superior Court entered an order of visitation
for one weekend per month, one week during the summer, and four hours on each grandparent's birthday,
finding that this middle-of-the-road solution was in the children's best interests under Washington's visitation
statute.
The State Court of Appeals reversed and dismissed the Troxel's petition, ruling that the statute only gave
non-parents standing to seek visitation if a custody action was pending.
Although the Washington Supreme
Court disagreed with the reason underlying the appellate court's decision, it upheld the judgment dismissing
the Troxel's petition.
The court concluded that the visitation statute violated the federal constitution because
it infringed on the fundamental right of parents to rear their children.
According to the Washington high
court, government can only interfere with parental rights in order to prevent harm or potential harm to the
child.
Since there was no showing by the Troxels of any such harm, the court ruled that Granville was free
to limit her children's visitation with third-parties, including their grandparents.
A majority of the United States Supreme Court agreed that the Washington statute as applied in this case by
the Superior Court violated the federal constitution, and affirmed the judgment of the Washington Supreme
Court.
Justice O'Connor, who announced the court's ruling in an opinion joined by Chief Justice Rehnquist
and Justices Ginsburg and Breyer, explained that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment has
a substantive component that Aprovides heightened protection against government interference with certain
fundamental rights and liberty interests,@ including parents' fundamental right to make decisions concerning
the Acare, custody, and control of their children.@
According to Justice O'Connor, this right is rooted
explicitly in Aextensive precedent@ spanning more than seventy-five years.
Calling the Washington visitation statute Abreathtakingly@ broad, O'Connor criticized the Washington lower
court for not giving Granville's decision concerning visitation special weight or a presumption of validity, and
for substituting its own judgment for that of the children's mother. AThis case involves nothing more than a
simple disagreement between the court and Granville concerning her children's best interests. . .
So long as
a parent adequately cares for her or his children, there will normally be no reason for the state to inject itself
into the private realm of the family to further question the ability of that parent to make the best decisions
concerning the rearing of that parent's children.@
The Court left open the question as to what standards in a visitation statute would pass constitutional muster,
saying only that the Washington law as specifically applied to Granville did not. ABecause the instant
decision rests on section 26.10.160(3)'s sweeping breadth and its application here, there is no need to
consider the question of whether the Due Process Clause requires all non-parental visitation statutes to
include a showing of harm or potential harm to the child as a condition precedent to granting visitation or to
decide the precise scope of the
parental due process right in the visitation context,@ O'Connor explained.
Justice Thomas concurred with the Court's judgment, but wrote a separate opinion to note that since the
Washington law implicated a fundamental right under the Due Process Clause, he believed the court should
have explicitly applied Astrict scrutiny@ to its analysis of the visitation statute.
According to Thomas, the
statute did not survive strict scrutiny review: AHere, the State of Washington lacks even a legitimate
governmental interest, to say nothing of a compelling one, in second-guessing a fit parent's decision
regarding visitation with third parties.@
Justice Souter filed a concurring opinion because he believes that the Washington statute is so broad that it
is unconstitutional on its face, and not simply as applied to the facts of this case.
Souter agreed with the
Washington Supreme Court's conclusion that by permitting petitions to be filed by anyone at anytime, the
state statute was per se overly broad and unconstitutional.
Souter would have affirmed on that ground,
without delving into the particulars of the Troxels' petition.
Cautioning against Aushering in a new regime of judicially prescribed, and federally prescribed, family law,@
Justice Scalia dissented from the judgment of the Court.
Although
Scalia opined that the right of parents to
direct the upbringing of their children is among the Aunalienable rights@ referred to in the Declaration of
Independence, and that it is also among the rights retained by the people by virtue of the Ninth Amendment,
he explained that decisions concerning visitation are best addressed by state legislatures which have Athe
great advantages@ of Abeing able to correct their mistakes in a flash, and of being removable by the
people.@
Since in his opinion there was no basis to overturn the Washington statute on constitutional
grounds, Scalia would have reversed the Washington Supreme Court.
Justices Stevens and Kennedy, while filing separate dissents, articulated complementary critiques of Justice
O'Connor's analysis.
Each faulted the lead opinion for focusing overwhelmingly on the rights of parents, at
the expense of the Abest interests of the child@ standard. AThe almost infinite variety of family relationships
that pervade our ever-changing society strongly counsel against the creation by this court of a constitutional
rule that treats a biological parent's liberty interest in the care and supervision of her child as an isolated right
that may be exercised arbitrarily,@ Stevens explained.
Stevens would have remanded the case for further
proceedings to ensure that the children's interests were properly Abalanced in the equation.@
Kennedy's focus on the Abest interest of the child@ standard led him to question whether the Court had
truly acknowledged the fact that children are often cared for by de facto parents who may be left without
any recourse under its decision. AMy principal concern is that the holding seems to proceed from the
assumption that the parent or parents who resist visitation have always been the child's primary care-givers
and that the third parties who seek visitation have no legitimate and established relationship with the child.
That idea, in turn, appears influenced
by the concept that the conventional nuclear family ought to establish
the visitation standard for every domestic relations case.
As we all know, this is simply not the structure or
prevailing condition in
many households. . .
A fit parent's right vis-à-vis a complete stranger is one thing;
her right vis-à-vis another parent or a de facto parent may be another.@
Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, together with the Gay & Lesbian Advocates and Defenders,
filed an amicus brief urging the court to strike down the Washington law.
Lambda praised the court's
decision: AThe court adopted a sound, middle course in this case, one that not only appropriately respects
the rights of parents, but acknowledges that no hard-and-fast rule should govern every single family
dispute,@ said Deputy Legal Director Ruth E. Harlow in a Lambda press release concerning the decision.
Yet for the reasons identified in Justice Kennedy's dissent, the practical impact of the Court's opinion on
lesbians and gay men cannot yet be fully appraised.
While the majority of the Court ruled that parents have
a fundamental right to make decisions concerning the Acare, custody and control@ of their children, this can
cut both ways.
On the one hand, it likely will give greater protections to lesbian and gay parents who wish
to fend off visitation petitions (and other intrusions) by homophobic family members and third-parties.
On
the other hand, the _Troxel_ decision might be used by lesbian and gay parents as a sword to deny
visitation and other parental rights to de facto lesbian and gay parents who lack the legal capacity to
establish formal ties to children they have cared for and raised.
_Ian Chesir-Teran_
[Editor=s Note: In a hopeful sign that _Troxel_ will not be used to block standing of same-sex coparents,
the Maryland Court of Special Appeals refused to do so in _Gestl v. Frederick_, 2000 WL 870874 (July
3), discussed below.]
Supreme Court Strikes Down Sentencing Provisions of New Jersey Hate Crimes Law
In _Apprendi v. New Jersey_, 2000 WL 807189 (June 26, 2000), the U.S. Supreme Court held
unconstitutional New Jersey=s hate crime sentencing scheme, under which a judge determines by a
preponderance of the evidence whether the defendant=s motivation comes within the prohibition of the hate
crimes law after the defendant has been convicted by proof beyond a reasonable doubt of having committed
the underlying offense.
Charles C. Apprendi, Jr., was convicted on firearms charges for firing shots into the house occupied by
African-American neighbors.
A police officer testified that Apprendi had stated he fired the shots to send a
message to the occupants of the house that they were not welcome in the neighborhood because they were
black.
Apprendi denied that assertion at his sentencing hearing, claiming mental instability was the
underlying cause of his actions.
Based on the evidence at the sentencing hearing, the trial judge decided the
police officer was more credible than Apprendi, and that a preponderance of the evidence showed racist
motivation.
Consequently, the judge enhanced Apprendi=s prison sentence by an extra two years above
the maximum sentence that could have been imposed for the underlying offenses.
The trial court rejected
the argument that Apprendi=s due process rights were violated in the process, and the New Jersey
Supreme Court, although divided, upheld this application of the statute.
Writing for the Court, Justice Stevens noted that the Court had recently ruled in a federal criminal
prosecution that the 5th and 6th Amendments were violated when a federal law took away from the jury the
determination of certain factual issues that would affect the maximum penalty for a crime.
Stevens said that
result Aforeshadowed@ the result in this case, where the issue was whether the same concerns, expressed
through the 14th Amendment=s due process clause, would apply to a state prosecution.
The 6th
Amendment, as applied to the states through the 14th Amendment due process clause, was found by a
majority of the Court to require that the issue of bias motivation, because it could have such a drastic effect
on the maximum penalty for the crime, must be one of the elements to be proved beyond a reasonably
doubt before the trier of fact, normally the jury in a criminal case.
(In this case, Apprendi actually pled guilty
to the underlying offenses, so no jury was involved in the case.)
AAt stake in this case are constitutional protections of surpassing importance: the proscription of any
deprivation of liberty without >due process of law,= and the guarantee that >in all criminal prosecutions, the
accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury.=
Taken together, these rights
indisputably entitle a criminal defendant to >a jury determination that he is guilty of every element of the
crime with which he is charged, beyond a reasonable doubt.=@
Stevens rejected the state=s argument that the sentence enhancement factor was not an Aelement@ of the
crime, pointing to the substantial potential increase in penalty.
(Recognizing this reality, most state hate
crime laws do treat the bias issue as an element of the crime, so this decision will only affect a few state and
local bias crime laws.)
Stevens= opinion was bolstered by a concurring opinion by Clarence Thomas that
went into much historical detail about how sentencing factors have traditionally been considered basic
elements of crimes, and thus covered by the constitutional requirements.
The New Jersey Hate Crimes Law covers, inter alia, crimes motivated by bias on the ground of sexual
orientation.
After the opinion was announced, New Jersey officials indicated they would quickly seek a
legislative change to the state hate crimes law to bring it into compliance with the court=s decision.
A.S.L.
Maryland Special Appeals Court Finds Lesbian Co-Parent Has Standing to Contest Custody, Even Though
Birth Mother and Child Moved Out of State
Deciding a complex question of interstate jurisdiction complicated by co-parent standing issues, the
Maryland Court of Special Appeals (an intermediate appellate court), unanimously ruled July 3 that the
Baltimore City Circuit Court erred in dismissing a child custody petition brought by an alleged same-sex co-
parent. _Gestl v. Frederick_, 2000 WL 870874.
The case turned on the court=s determination that the
jurisdiction to which the birth mother and child had moved, Tennessee, would not provide an available
forum for determination of the co-parent=s custody claim, due to substantive differences between Maryland
and Tennessee family law.
In so ruling, the court incidentally (and importantly) held that the U.S. Supreme
Court=s recent decision in _Troxel v. Granville_, 2000 WL 712807 (June 5), does not bar the co-parent=s
custody claim, consistent with Maryland law which authorizes Aunrelated@ third parties to seek custody if
they can prove Aspecial circumstances@ justifying a court overriding a legal parent=s objections.
According to the facts recited in Judge Adkins= decision for the court, Lisa Frederick, the birth mother,
became pregnant while living in Tennessee.
In November 1992, while still pregnant, she moved to
Maryland, where the child was born on March 13, 1993.
Donna Gestl alleges that she and Lisa became
involved in a relationship during Lisa=s pregnancy, that Donna served as a Abirth coach@ and subsequently
as a co-parent of the child.
The women and child began living together in Donna=s house in July 1993.
Lisa alleges that Donna=s role was not parental, but merely of providing Arecreation and entertainment@ for
the child.
In August 1998, Lisa moved out of Donna=s residence and returned with her child to Tennessee,
where she obtained employment as a substitute teacher and obtained special services deemed necessary for
the child, who is a Aspecial needs@ child.
In November 1998, the Tennessee Dept. of Children=s Services
filed an action seeking custody of the child on grounds of neglect, which was ultimately resolved in a
February 1999 consent agreement in the Tennessee Juvenile Court under which Lisa retained custody.
In
May 1999, Lisa filed suit against the child=s alleged biological father, seeking a paternity determination.
Meanwhile, in December 1998, less than six months after Lisa and child moved out of her house, Donna
filed an action in the Baltimore City, Maryland, Circuit Court, seeking joint legal custody and visitation rights
with the child.
Lisa sought to get the case dismissed on jurisdictional grounds.
Donna argued that under the
Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Act, the Maryland court had jurisdiction of the action and should
exercise that jurisdiction because the Tennessee courts were unavailable to her.
Donna observed that
Tennessee law was less permissive than Maryland law in allowing third-parties to seek custody of a child.
(Her assertion was subsequently confirmed by the Tennessee Court of Appeals= September 1999 decision
of _In re Thompson_, 11 S.W.3d 913, holding that a non-biological parent lacks standing to seek custody
in a factual context similar to the instant case.
See LGLN, 11/99.)
The Circuit Court judge held a hearing on Lisa=s motion on May 27, 1999, after the Tennessee proceeding
by the child welfare department had been settled but before the Tennessee Court of Appeals had ruled in
the _Thompson_ case.
After the hearing, the trial judge contacted the Tennessee Juvenile Court to
determine the status of the cases pending in Tennessee.
On June 21, 1999, the trial judge granted Lisa=s
motion to dismiss.
Although the trial judge found that Maryland did have jurisdiction under the UCCJA, the
court determined that Tennessee was the most appropriate forum for the custody dispute, explaining: AThe
great bulk of the contacts, information and expertise concerning the best interests of the child, both presently
and in the future, exist in the state of Tennessee.
This court believes, in according with FL section 9-207(c),
that Tennessee has a closer connection with the parties and the child=s family, and that virtually all of the
personal and professional evidence concerning the child=s present and future best interest is in Tennessee.@
Donna appealed.
The Court of Special Appeals agreed with the trial judge that Maryland has jurisdiction of the case.
The
UCCJA provides that when one parent takes the child out of the state, the parent (or contesting party) who
remains in the state can bring an in-state action provided they do so within six months after the child has left,
and can show that they resided with the child in the state for a significant period of time, making the state the
child=s Ahome state.@ Clearly, those conditions were met here, as the child was born in Maryland and lived
there continuously, with Donna as (at least an alleged) co-parent, from the child=s birth in 1993 until the
move to Tennessee in 1998, less then six months before Donna filed her lawsuit.
The tougher question was the forum non conveniens issue, because clearly, especially in light of the current
living circumstances of Lisa and the child and their history since moving to Tennessee, the trial judge=s
observations on this issue seemed sound.
But, of course, the trial judge rendered judgment before the
Tennessee Court of Appeals ruled that, in effect, it would be impossible for Donna to bring a custody action
in Tennessee, and the UCCJA does provide for jurisdiction in interstate child custody disputes when the
child=s new state of residence would not provide a forum for the plaintiff=s claim.
(The Juvenile Court
judge had advised the trial judge that Tennessee would most probably not allow a same-sex co-parent to
bring a custody claim, but at that point this was merely a prediction.)
Of course, the Maryland court still had to find that Donna could obtain standing to contest custody in
Maryland.
Tennessee does not totally rule out third-party custody claims, but requires a showing that the
legal parent=s custody presents a threat of harm to the well-being of the child.
Maryland, however, goes
further, and allows the possibility that a third-party can prevail by showing Aspecial circumstances@ that
would justify the court in interfering with the sole custody of the biological parent.
Judge Adkins thus
concluded that the trial court erred in dismissing the case, and that Donna should have an opportunity to
attempt to establish that there are special circumstances justifying giving her standing to contest custody.
As
part of that, Donna will have to show that she was a person Aacting as a parent@ for at least six consecutive
months, as required by the UCCJA.
After summarizing the allegations on this point from Donna=s
complaint, Adkins commented: AThese facts, if proven, are sufficient to show that appellant was a >person
acting as a parent= within the meaning of section 9-201.
Therefore, appellant should be given the
opportunity to establish that exceptional circumstances exist that would make it in the child=s best interest to
grant her custody.@
Of course, the court had to take note of the Supreme Court=s _Troxel_ decision.
Adkins observed that
Maryland law on third-party custody claims did not appear to violate constitutional due process.
Unlike the
statute stricken in _Troxel_, the Maryland law places the burden on the third-party to prove exceptional
circumstances, and gives substantial weight to the legal parent=s wishes. AThe Supreme Court=s decision
in _Troxel_ may require some modification of Maryland=s standards respecting visitation by third parties,
but _Troxel_ does not prohibit courts from ordering third-party visitation, so long as the decision-making
process affords adequate protection to the parent=s constitutional rights,@ Adkins wrote, pointing out in a
footnote that the Supreme Court=s plurality opinion in _Troxel_ had actually cited a 19993 Maryland Court
of Appeals decision applying the state=s grandparent visitation state with approval in this regard.
ABecause appellant has the right to seek visitation under Maryland law and not under Tennessee law, there
is no available alternative forum for appellant=s claim for visitation other than Maryland, and the circuit court
must exercise its jurisdiction to hear appellant=s visitation claims,@ Adkins concluded.
A.S.L.
Pennsylvania Appeals Court Finds Lesbian Co-Parent has Standing to Sue for Visitation
In a case of first impression in the state of Pennsylvania, the Superior Court refused to overturn the trial
court=s determination that the non-biological lesbian co-parent, the appellee,
had standing to sue for rights
to visit the child she reared with her ex-lover, the biological mother, the appellant, by virtue of her in loco
parentis status with respect to the child.
However, the court
ultimately vacated the lower court=s visitation order and remanded the case for further proceedings in order
to determine whether such visits would be in the best interests of the child. _T.B. v. L.R.M._, 2000 WL
714409 (Pa. Super., en banc, June 5).
The opinion by Judge Kelly sets out the history of the relationship of the parties, how they agreed to have a
child together and shared co-parenting rights and responsibilities while living together for the first three years
of the child=s life.
After they broke up, Appellant refused to allow Appellee to visit the child.
The Appellee
sued for partial custody for purposes of visitation only.
Although the Appellant portrayed Appellee as a mere lodger sharing the house, the court found the facts to
be otherwise and determined that Appellee stood in loco parentis with respect to the child. The court cited
_Rosado v. Diaz_, 624 A.2d 193, 196 (Pa. Super. 1993): AThe phrase >in loco parentis= refers to a
person who puts [herself] in the situation of assuming the obligations incident to a parental relationship
without going through the formality of a legal adoption. The status of in loco parentis embodies two ideas:
first, the assumption of a parental status, and second, the discharge of parental duties.@ Judge Kelly
concluded that Appellee had established a parent-like relationship with the child, noting that she played a
significant role in the pre-natal and post-natal care of the child, was present in the delivery room, acted as a
loving and caring parent, lived together with Appellant and child as a family, with the acquiescence of the
biological mother, was open about their lesbian relationship with her family, and was known as AAunt@ to
the child.
Given the length of time the parties were together and their relationship, the court found that the couple
intended to have a committed, lasting relationship.
Citing Pennsylvania statutes to the effect that biological
parenthood is not the only source of a right to custody or visitation, Judge Kelly easily found that she had
standing to sue for visitation. Furthermore, since Appellee was not seeking full custody of the child order to
supplant the biological parent, but only to maintain her
relationship with the child through limited visitation, the standard to establish standing was relatively low.
Interestingly, Judge Kelly cited cases from around the country involving same-sex custody and visitation
battles, recognizing that society=s notion of what makes a family have radically changed. Case law
from other jurisdictions demonstrates recognition that nontraditional configurations of the nuclear family have
replaced traditional models in recent years, which favors equitable considerations such as the doctrine of in
loco parentis when deciding third party standing to seek custody/visitation.@
Both the trial and Superior
courts clearly treated the lesbian parties the same as heterosexual parties.
The trial court determined that visitation with Appellee was in the best interests of the child, a finding
challenged by the Appellant.	Appellant argued that it was based solely on a finding that Appellee and the
child had established a psychological bond, without considering other factors. The Superior Court agreed
with Appellant and vacated the lower court=s visitation order.
Judge Kelly wrote that while bonding is a significant factor in making such a determination, it is not alone
sufficient. Other factors to consider are Appellee=s child care skills, her ability to understand the child=s
needs and whether contact would be beneficial to the child, after examining Appellee=s general conduct and
interests. Judge Kelly found that an examination of these factors was not included in the lower court=s
analysis and remanded the case for further proceedings in accordance with its opinion. _Elaine Chapnik_
Lambda Wins Big Fee Award in Puerto Rican Police Policy Case
Chief Judge Laffitte of the U.S. District Court in Puerto Rico has awarded attorneys fees and costs in the
amount of approximately $207,000 to plaintiffs attorneys in _Padro v. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico_,
2000 WL 791163 (June 15), a case that successfully challenged the constitutionality of a police department
policy, Regulation 29, that banned members of the force from associating with homosexuals.
The court had
granted declaratory relief finding that the policy violated the First Amendment and the Equal Protection
Clause, and permanently enjoined the Police Department from disciplining any member of the force because
of any association with homosexual persons.
The matter had been intensively litigated, and the plaintiffs
submitted a very large request for fees and costs.
The defendants argued that inasmuch as no police officer
had actually been disciplined under Regulation 29, the plaintiff=s victory was merely Atechnical@ and so
they should not be considered prevailing parties in a civil rights dispute entitled to fees.
Judge Laffitte, in
effect, laughed them right out of court.
AThe Court=s ruling did alter the legal relationship between the parties in this case.
The Court has enjoined
Defendants and their successors from ever disciplining a police officer for associating with a homosexual
person.
As the Court stated in its opinion and order on Regulation 29, Plaintiff GOAL is an organization
whose membership is primarily made up of gay law enforcement officers.
The group=s objectives including
providing support to openly gay law enforcement personnel and combating discrimination against gays.
There was evidence in the record that when GOAL members met with Puerto Rico police officers, they did
so clandestinely in order to protect the confidentiality of the local police officers.
In its opinion, the Court
concluded that the rule prevented GOAL from carrying out its activities.
The elimination of this rule will
facilitate GOAL=s ability to meet with Puerto Rico police officers and to promote its agenda in Puerto
Rico.@
Judge Laffitte also rejected the defendant=s argument that only GOAL (Gay Officers Action League)
should be considered a prevailing party, since the individual co-plaintiffs had not directly achieved anything,
as the injunctive relief only really assisted GOAL.
Laffitte found that all the plaintiffs had contributed
towards the successful litigation on the motion for summary judgment.
Laffitte did cut down the fees that were requested by plaintiffs, however, noting that three of the four
attorneys had appeared pro hac vice and were asking for fees based on prevailing fees in jurisdictions
where they practiced, rather than in Puerto Rico.
Also, the court disallowed claims for time spent on the
case prior to the filing of the amended complaint, when Regulation 29 (which was uncovered by plaintiffs
during discovery) was first mentioned, since the plaintiffs were prevailing parties specifically with respect to
the issue of Regulation 29's unconstitutionality.
Having calculated adjustments of hours and rates, Laffitte computed total fees of about $207,341, of which
$130,989 would go to Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund, whose staff attorneys Suzanne Goldberg
and Ruth Harlow did the major part of the work in representing the plaintiffs.
A.S.L.
Connecticut Adopts Legislative Solution to Co-Parent Adoption Problem
In a remarkably swift response to a judicial determination that the state adoption laws were inadequate to
deal with the reality of contemporary life, including the reality of lesbian and gay families, the state of
Connecticut has amended its adoption law to allow for co-parent adoptions.
The state=s Supreme Court
ruled in _Adoption of Baby Z._, 724 A.2d 1035 (Conn. 1999) that although it might make sense to let a
co-parent adopt the child she was raising together with her partner, the child=s legal mother, it could not be
done under existing state law.
A bill was quickly formulated, passed through the legislative process, approved by the House on April 28,
approved by the Senate on May 3, sent to the governor on May 19, and signed by the Governor on June 1.
Titled AAn Act Concerning the Best Interest of Children in Adoption Matters,@ Public Act No. 00-228
(Substitute House Bill No. 5830), the new law amends sec. 45a-724, Conn. Gen. Stats., to include the
following: ASubject to the approval of the Court of Probate as provided in section 45a-727, as amended by
this act, any parent of a minor child may agree in writing with one other person who shares parental
responsibility for the child with such parent that the other person shall adopt or join in the adoption of the
child, if the parental rights, if any, of any other person other than the parties to such agreement have been
terminated.@
With the good comes the bad, however.
As is frequently the case when legislation on gay issues is passed,
legislators take the opportunity to demonstrate their bona fides or macho status or whatever by inserting
disclaimers or policy statements that would not have been desired by the original proponents, and this new
law carries at least two such.
In the statement of legislative findings, Section 1(4) of the Act, the legislature
states: AIt is further found that the current public policy of the state of Connecticut is now limited to a
marriage between a man and a woman.@ And the Act concludes, in Section 5, as follows: ANothing in this
act shall be construed to establish or constitute an endorsement of any public policy with respect to
marriage, civil union or any other form of relation between unmarried persons or with respect to any rights
of or between such persons other than their rights and responsibilities to a child who is a subject of an
adoption as provided for in sections 2 and 3 of this Act.@ A.S.L.
Ninth Circuit Panel Finds Government Entrapped Cross-Dresser in E-Mail Scam
A divided panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit reversed a federal jury verdict, holding that
the government had entrapped a military veteran who is a cross-dresser and foot fetishist in crossing state
lines to have sex with imaginary teenage girls in violation of a federal law.
_United States v. Poehlman_,
2000 WL 821290 (June 27).
Poehlman=s fetishes led to his divorce and forced early retirement from the Air Force after 17 years of
service.
Lonely and depressed, he began searching the Internet for a woman who would marry him and
accommodate his special needs.
He thought he found her in ASharon,@ who responded to his postings and
led him through a six-month period of exchanged e-mails, letters, and photos, ultimately setting up an
assignation for which Poehlman traveled from Florida to California.
As part of the email exchange, Sharon
gradually introduced the subject of her teenage daughters, for whom she was seeking a man as a sexual
Ateacher@ and Amentor.@
Poehlman=s initial posting, to which Sharon had responded, mentioned nothing
about underage sex, and even after she introduced this topic into their ongoing conversation, he evinced little
interest until it was clear that she would not be interested in a relationship with him unless he was sexually
interested in her daughters.
Writing for the majority of the panel, Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski found that the trial record would not
reasonably support a conclusion that Poehlman was predisposed to engage in sex with minors, finding that
the evidence pointed to his desire to find an adult woman who would accommodate his fetishes, and that the
government had in effect planted the idea of sex with minors and led him along to the point of actually
traveling across state lines in hopes of establishing a relationship with Sharon.
Dissenting, Circuit Judge
David Thompson argued that the majority of the panel had exceeded its role by roughing the evidence, and
that a reasonable jury could have found predisposition by Poehlman to commit the offense of which he was
convicted.
In an interview with the Associated Press published June 28, Poehlman=s attorney, Edward M. Robinson,
contended that federal agents have commonly and unfairly targeted gays and bisexual as they look for
pedophiles on-line.
AYou can=t rely on antiquated prejudice and come ot the conclusion that, if you have
an interest in alternative, non-heterosexual sex, you are predisposed to have an interest in children,@ he
asserted.
In this case, he contended, Poehlman was targeted because he is a transvestite, which has nothing
to do with an interest in pedophilia.
A.S.L.
Second Circuit Voids Conviction Under Federal Child Porn Law; Statutory Ambiguity at Fault
Finding that the meaning of 18 U.S.C. sec. 2252(a)(4)(B), as it existed in 1994, was so ambiguous that the
court was left to Asimply guessing about congressional intent,@ a divided panel of the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 2nd Circuit reversed the conviction of Charles Dauray for possession of child porn. _United
States v. Dauray_, 2000 WL 770540 (June 15).
The statute made it a federal offense to possess A3 or more books, magazines, periodicals, films, video
tapes, or other matter which contain any visual depiction [that has moved in interstate commerce] if the
producing of such visual depiction involves the use of a minor engaging in sexually explicit conduct and such
visual depiction is of such conduct.@ Dauray was arrested by a state police officer while parked in his car in
a Connecticut state park, and was in possession of thirteen unbound pictures of minors.
Dauray was
convicted by a jury under the statute, and the jury specifically found that four of the 13 pictures in his
possession came within the statutory definition.
On appeal, Dauray argued that the statute was fatally ambiguous.
The only part of the provision under
which he could be prosecuted was the Aother matter which contain any visual depiction@ provision.
Dauray argued that Aother matter@ could not include individual photographs, but must refer to things like
the specific items coming before it in the list, such as books, magazines, video tapes.
Otherwise, the statute
would produce the absurd result that if Dauray possessed a photo album that contained all the pictures, he
could not be prosecuted because the album would consist of one Amatter,@ while he could be prosecuted
for possessing at least 3 pictures clipped or removed from the album.
The pictures that Dauray was
arrested with had all been clipped out of magazines; if they all came from the same magazine and Dauray
was found in possession of that magazine, he could not be prosecuted because he would be in possession of
only one magazine.
Writing for the majority, Circuit Judge Jacobs found that Dauray had made an excellent point.
There were
plausible alternative ways of reading the provision, and no one way was clearly correct.
Furthermore, the
result was that it could be unclear to a person in some cases whether he was engaged in prohibited conduct.
As such, the court was left guessing about congressional intent, because none of the normal devices of
statutory interpretation threw any light on the situation.
AThe government did not show that the pictures at issue were taken from more than a single magazine,@
wrote Jacobs. AAt the time of Dauray=s arrest, the statute did not forbid possession of such a magazine.
Nor did the statute give Dauray notice that removing several pictures from the magazine, and keeping them,
would subject him to criminal penalties.
This result is unconstitutionally surprising.
Under these
circumstances, we must apply the rule of lenity and resolve the ambiguity in Dauray=s favor.@
Circuit Judge Katzmann was not persuaded, pointing out that the Supreme Court has held that mere
ambiguity in the meaning of a statute does not necessary render it unconstitutional or merit resort to a rule of
lenity in its application.
But Katzmann was evidently frustrated by the semantic games suggested by the
majority opinion (reading it is like reading a chapter of _Alice in Wonderland_), concluding: AI fully agree
with the majority that the statute could result in some incongruous interpretations.
But in the end, I conclude
that we must >apply the provision as written, not as we would write it.=@
The statute was subsequently amended to reduce from three to one the number of items the possession of
which will subject one to prosecution for possession of child porn, but the ambiguity is not necessarily
cured, since the majority seemed to find merit in Dauray=s argument that a free-standing photograph might
never come within the meaning of Aother matter,@ as one principle of statutory interpretation holds that
when a general term is the last item on a list of specific terms, the general term should be interpreted to mean
things that are like the specific ones that are listed, and it could plausibly be argued that a single sheet of
paper bearing a photograph is not relevantly like a book or magazine or video tape.
A.S.L.
Sex Toys Are Therapeutic, Says Louisiana's Highest Court.
On May 16, the Louisiana Supreme Court, the state's highest court, affirmed a decision holding that a law
prohibiting the sale of Aobscene devices@
violates the U.S. Constitution. _State of Louisiana v. Brenan_,
2000 WL 631289.
Following nearly an identical jurisprudential path cut last year by the federal district
court of Alabama, which struck down that state=s obscene devices statute, the court found that the statute
lacked a rational relationship to a legitimate state interest and therefore violated the Fourteenth
Amendment's due process clause.
In 1997, Christine Brenan was arrested for selling obscene devices at her dance-wear boutique in a small
Louisiana town 40 miles north of New Orleans.
The devices were located in an area of the boutique
separated by latticework and labeled AFor adults only.@
Most of the items seized were simulated human
genitals or packaged explicitly as a means to stimulate the anus or the male or female genitals.
Another
confiscated item was a scalp massager.
Brenan pled not guilty and defended on constitutional grounds.
She
was convicted and received a suspended sentence (2 years hard labor) and five years probation.
She claimed on appeal that the statute was unconstitutional on its face and as applied because it violates
property rights and privacy rights under the Louisiana Constitution and _Griswold v. Connecticut_, 381
U.S. 479 (1965).
The state argued that these devices are not constitutionally protected and that their
universal ban is a rational measure by the legislature to effect the state's interest to protect minors and
unconsenting adults.
The Court of Appeal reversed Brenan's convictions, finding the statute supported no
reasonable, rational relationship to a legitimate state interest, hence violative of the Fourteenth Amendment's
Due Process Clause.
The Louisiana State Supreme Court agreed.
The statute at issue is part of a broader anti-obscenity law passed by the Louisiana legislature during its
Awar on obscenity@ in the mid 1980s.
The statute bans the sale, manufacture or distribution of any
Adevice, [as] an artificial penis or artificial vagina, which is designed or marketed as useful primarily for the
stimulation of human genital organs.@
Acknowledging the obscenity standards for Aworks@ (not
Adevices@) as established by _Miller v. California_, 413 U.S. 15 (1972), the court recognized this as a
case of first impression and that, at most, _Miller_ serves as a guide in the determination of whether the
devices are obscene or garner constitutional protection.
Writing for the court, Judge Bernett Johnson confessed the court's extreme hesitation to expand the concept
of substantive due process.
She further defended its reluctance, stating public debate and legislative
responsibility concerns.
Proceeding forward, the court quickly eliminated Brenan's Aif it's legal to own it,
it's legal to sell it alternative defense, and simultaneously setting a test of constitutional scrutiny.
Extending the holdings of a Louisiana and a US Supreme Court obscenity case to include obscene devices,
Johnson held that although one may have the privacy right to possess and use the device in the privacy of
one's home, it does give rise to a correlate right to sell or transport it. _Stanley v. Georgia_, 394 U.S. 557
(1969), _State v. Honore_, 564 So.2d 345 (La. App. 5th Cir. 1990).
Therefore, A[i]f legislation does not
burden a constitutionally protected right, then the legislative act faces minimal scrutiny.@
Considering the
passing of the rational basis test for the nearly identical statutes from fellow Deep-South states Texas and
Georgia, the stage seemed set for the Louisiana statute to survive.
However, the court put forth another dimension to the statute that apparently eluded either of the litigants.
Johnson corrected both parties for assuming the primary purpose behind the statute was to protect minors
and unconsenting adults form viewing such devices.
State Senate Committee minutes reveal that the
purpose of the statue to ban obscene devices was part of an anti-pornography crusade in the mid 1980's
culminating in 1986 with the publishing of a report by the Attorney General's Commission on Pornography.
However, obscene devices were not the object of the study and the Commission declined to label vibrators
as obscene (one doctor on the panel noting that Athe ordinary vibrator is no more obscene than the
Washington Monument@).
Nevertheless, the Louisiana legislature saw fit to label such devices as obscene
and ban their sale in order to promote morals and public order, a move the court said was wrong. AThe
legislature cannot make a device automatically obscene merely through the use of labels.@
With the _Miller_ test as its guide, the court found three things wrong with the statute: the statute has no
evaluation mechanism to establish contemporary community standards or prurient interest, that there is no
adversarial process under the statute to determine obscenity and, there exists a medical personnel
exception.
It is with this third finding that the court delivers the ban its fatal blow.
Johnson explained that some of these devices are Atherapeutically appropriate,@ citing the FDA's
promulgation of regulations concerning Apowered vaginal muscle stimulators@ and Agenital vibrators,@ and
the medical evidence used in the striking down of Kansas' and Alabama's obscene device statutes.
The
court shares with us a history lesson about Athe creation of the vibrator [having] its roots in the field of
medicine@ and how they remain an important tool in the treatment of anorgasmic women.
Likewise, it has
helped (pre-Viagra era) men with erectile dysfunction.
Given these therapeutic uses, the court found that the state's action of banning all of what it labeled
Aobscene devices without any review of their prurience or medical use is not rationally related to its
Awar on obscenity, and hence violates the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the
United States Constitution.
In dissent, Judge Chet Traylor rebuked the therapeutic argument, reminding Johnson that the devices in
question have labels that warn ASold as Novelty Only.
This Product is not Intended as a Medical Device.@
Moreover, there was no evidence offered to show that devices designed or marketed in an obscene matter
are necessary to achieve a therapeutic result.
Lastly, he highlighted that it is the fact of how the use of these
devices are communicated (in shapes of human genitals), or displayed or descriptive text is the element that
offends unconsenting adults and minors.
Because this element of the device is the applicable determination
for what is obscene, the _Miller_ test is satisfied and thus no constitutional protection.
Shortly, this court is expected to hand down its decision regarding the constitutionality of Louisiana's
sodomy law, argued in April, which was brought by the state after being struck down in 1998 by the court
of appeal.
Since the court chose not to address the right to privacy issues argued in _Brenan_, this is
keeping pundits (like this writer, a native New Orleanian) guessing about the future of Louisiana's sodomy
laws. _K. Jacob Ruppert_
Alabama's High Court Says Sexual Orientation Evidence is Too Prejudicial and Outweighs Probativeness in
Tort Suit Against Doctor
In a slip opinion released June 30, the Supreme Court of Alabama, the state's highest court, affirmed a
decision in favor of a male neurologist who was sued in civil court for allegedly fondling a male patient's
genitals during treatments after an auto accident. _Mock v. Allen_, 2000 WL 869601.
Shellie Mock Jr. was injured in an automobile accident in 1991.
In November 1992, he became a patient
of
Dr. Robert Allen, who examined or treated Mock several times in the following months for pain in
Mock's head, neck, back, left hip and groin and left knee.
In October 1993, Mock filed this action against
Dr. Allen alleging that Dr. Allen had committed the tort of battery against him when Dr. Allen Afondled,
stroked, caressed or otherwise touched [Mock's] genitals without [Mock's] consent and with no medical
reason.@
Mock alleged that this occurred with nearly every office and hospital visit during their
doctor/patient relationship.
One account describes Mock, in the throes of severe pain, being given a
combination of drugs which knocked him out and, upon awakening, looked down between his knees
discovering Dr. Allen Amessing with@ Mock's genitals.
Dr. Allen denied all allegations, asserting that all
touching was consistent with medical treatment.
At trial, Mock objected to the trial court's ruling that his action against Dr. Allen was governed by the
Alabama Medical Liability Act (AMLA).
As part of his case, Mock unsuccessfully attempted to offer
evidence of other alleged similar Awrongful acts@ by Dr. Allen to five other male patients, all of whom were
ready to testify against Dr. Allen.
Also, the trial court prohibited Mock's attempt to offer evidence of Dr.
Allen's alleged sexual orientation.
Mock's case was submitted to a jury which returned a verdict in Dr.
Allen's favor.
Mock appealed.
Writing for the court, Justice Brown affirmed the trial court's decision on all points.
On the issue whether
the claims against Dr. Allen should be governed by the AMLA, the court followed established precedents
that alleged sexual misconduct is considered to have occurred during that delivery of professional services
and is therefore cognizable as a medical-malpractice claim.
Mock argued that the acts alleged were for no
medical reason and thus outside the jurisdiction of the AMLA.
However, as the court pointed out, Mock's
sole supporting case involved allegations of a sexual relationship between a doctor and patient, which was
not the case here.
Turning to the prohibition of admissibility of Asimilar acts@ evidence, the court ruled that
since there was a finding that the AMLA governed, evidence of similar acts was irrelevant.
Last, the court found that the barring of evidence as to Dr. Allen's alleged homosexual status was properly
within the discretion of the trial court, and such discretion had not been abused.
Mock argued that Dr.
Allen was gay and that this would be of consequence to the jury=s determination of whether Dr. Allen had
sexually assaulted Mock.
Justice Brown observed that such evidence is more likely to be admissible in
criminal actions than in civil ones. Relying upon many supporting cases and evidence treatises, the court
further stated that the trial court Aproperly reasoned that the introduction of this evidence would have
focused the jury's attention away from what actually happened between Dr. Allen and Mock, and instead,
on Dr. Allen's sexual orientation.
Whatever the probative value of this evidence, it was substantially
outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice.@
Three justices, Lyons, England and See, dissented, arguing that this case fell outside the jurisdiction of the
AMLA because an allegation of sexual molestation is not, as the AMLA puts it, a Afail[ure] to exercise such
reasonable care, skill and diligence as other similarly situated health care providers in the same general line
of practice, ordinarily have and exercise in a like case.
The dissent argued that because the AMLA
does govern, the case should be remanded for new trial on the alleged incidents of battery and on Asimilar
acts@ evidence.
The dissent was silent as to the admissibility of evidence regarding Dr. Allen's sexual
orientation. _K. Jacob Ruppert_
Federal Appeals Courts Grapple With Internet Sex Laws
Just one day apart, two federal appeals courts issued decisions on the constitutionality of laws seeking to
restrict access to websites with sexual content.
On June 22, a 3rd Circuit panel ruled in _ACLU v. Reno_,
2000 WL 801186, that the Child Online Protection Act was probably unconstitutional, thus affirming a
preliminary injunction that had been issued by District Judge Lowell Reed to keep the law from going into
effect pending a final determination on the merits.
But on June 23, the en banc 4th Circuit ruled 8-4 in
_Urofsky v. Gilmore_, 2000 WL 806882, that a Virginia statute banning state employees from accessing
sexually-explicit websites from state owned or leased computers is constitutional.
The 3rd Circuit opinion focused on an overbreadth problem in the federal statute: the definition of material
Aharmful to children@ to which the statute applies incorporates the Acommunity standards@ language
familiar from the Supreme Court=s obscenity cases.
This establishes a standard that would vary from place
to place, depending on local attitudes towards sex and violence.
The problem, pointed out Circuit Judge
Leonard Garth in the opinion for the panel, was that the Internet, and in particular the World Wide Web at
which the statute is specifically targeted, is not a geographical place and knows no boundaries.
Thus, a
website can be accessed from anywhere in the world, and the operator of the site has no mechanism at
present to prevent computer users from particular places from accessing the site.
This means, in essence,
that the applicability of the statute to any particular site would depend on the community standards of the
least permissive jurisdiction in the United States, thus posing obstacles to adults everywhere else in the
country from accessing material on-line that it should be perfectly legal for them to access without any
impediment due to the more permissive community standards where they live.
By contrast, the 4th Circuit case turned on the court=s characterization of public employee speech.
Relying
on Supreme Court cases involving discipline of public employees for making controversial statements, the
court drew a sharp distinction between public employees speaking as private citizens and speaking as
government employees, and also made much of the way the Supreme Court has provided lesser First
Amendment protection when public employees speak on matters that are not considered to involve public
interest.
The court found that there was little, if any, First Amendment problem with the Virginia statute, and
that the state had a strong interest in forbidding the use of its computers for accessing sexually-explicit
material.
Among the many groups banded together as plaintiffs in the case was the American Association of
University Professors, arguing on behalf of its members who are faculty at state universities and colleges in
Virginia, whose ability to access websites they might need for research purposes would be inhibited by the
law.
The court was content to rest on a provision allowing institutions of higher education to give prior
approval for research relating to projects approved by the university.
To the dissenters, this smacked of
official censorship of scholarship.
Even some of the concurring judges (there were two concurring opinions)
found the majority opinion troubling in its rather extreme view of the lack of First Amendment protection for
public employees in Virginia.
The American Civil Liberties Union was lead counsel in both cases, and both cases may well be heading for
the Supreme Court, which seems to be serving up a steady stream of opinions defining the scope of First
Amendment rights on the Internet.
A co-plaintiff in the 3rd Circuit case is the _Philadelphia Gay News_,
eagerly protecting nationwide free access to its website, seeking to avoid the incumbrance of requiring credit
card or adult ID access to comply with the statute. A.S.L.
West Virginia High Court Affirms Summary Judgment in Lesbian Discrimination Dispute
In an opinion that appears to depict serious theoretical confusion either on the part of plaintiff=s counsel or
the court (or perhaps both), the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia affirmed the grant of summary
judgment to the employer in _Minshall v. Health Care & Retirement Corp. of America_, 2000 WL 742225
(June 9), a state law discrimination case filed by a lesbian.
The per curiam opinion drew dissenting votes
from two members of the court, who did not file an opinion but reserved the right to do so at a future time.
Melanie Minshall was hired as a nursing assistance by the defendant retirement facility in May 1994, and
was discharged on September 25, 1995.
The defendant claimed Ms Minshall was fired because of a
complaint by a patient about the quality of care she provided to him.
Minshall filed a complaint in state
court alleging three theories: sex discrimination, intentional infliction of emotional distress, and wrongful
discharge (breach of contract).
The defendant filed a motion for summary judgment.
In opposition to the
motion, Minshall argued that she was discharged because she is a Afemale homosexual@ and that her female
supervisor, whose younger sister knew about Minshall=s sexual orientation, had discharged her in order to
Aprotect@ her younger sister.
The circuit court granted the summary judgment motion, finding: APlaintiff=s only evidence to support her
sex discrimination claim is her bare argument that she was fired because she is a female homosexual and that
she would not have been fired if she was a male homosexual.
There is no evidence that male homosexuals
were treated differently than plaintiff at Heartland of Keyser, nor is there evidence that male homosexuals
were ever employed at Heartland of Keyser.
Plaintiff=s claim that she was discharged on the basis of sex
because she was a female homosexual fails as a matter of law.@
Minshall appealed, claiming there were material issues of fact on the discrimination claim that should have
precluded summary judgment.
At oral argument, her attorney stated that they were abandoning the sexual
orientation discrimination claim, and were asserting only a sex discrimination claim.
The court found this
attempt to change the theory of the case on appeal to be Aproblematic,@ pointing out that on the motion the
circuit court Awas called upon to decide the issue of sexual orientation discrimination, not gender
discrimination. . .
Therefore, under our court precedents it was necessary for Ms. Minshall to affirmatively
assert her claim of pure gender discrimination and defend against the summary judgment motion before the
circuit court.@
The court also found that Minshall was an at-will employee and could not bring a breach of contract claim
for her discharge.
Although West Virginia has recognized an exception to the at-will rule for cases where
employers promise job security in writing to employees in a personnel handbook, the court observed that
the defendant=s handbook, cited by Minshall, contained no statements promising job security.
Finally, the
court observed that it had only allowed emotional distress claims in connection with employee discharges
where the employee alleged facts showing that the discharge was handled in an outrageous manner;
emotional distress arising just from the fact of the discharge itself could not be the basis of a tort claim.
Here, the court found that Minshall had failed to allege facts suggesting outrageous employer conduct as
part of the discharge.
In a footnote, the court observed that because of the way the case came to it and was presented by the
plaintiff, it had no occasion to determine whether sexual orientation discrimination is actionable under the
state=s law banning sex discrimination in employment.
Ms. Minshall was represented on appeal by Harley
O. Staggers, Jr. of
Keyser, West Virginia.
A.S.L.
Tennessee Appeals Court Revives Gay Dad=s Custody Case
In _Price v. Price_, 2000 WL 704596 (May 31), the Tennessee Court of Appeals reversed a trial court
order that had permanently modified a prior joint custody agreement concerning two young teenaged
children between a mother and the gay (and now coming out) father in favor of the mother.
The trial court had issued its order, giving the mother sole physical custody and restricting the father=s
visitation rights, after a hearing which was solely on the issue of whether an ex-parte temporary restraining
order awarding custody to the mother pending a hearing of the merits of the mother=s petition to modify the
custody agreement should be extended until a trial on the issue could be held.
During the hearing, the trial
court had specifically stated that the _sole_ issue before the court was whether irreparable harm would
result to the children if the TRO was not extended, and not whether custody should be modified
permanently. The trial judge had admonished trial counsel several times for straying to the issue of
permanent custody,
precluded
admission of probative evidence by the father relating to the permanent
custody, and had taken proposed findings of fact and memoranda of law relating to the extension of the
TRO pending trial.
Nonetheless, the court issued an order permanently modifying custody, finding it in the
best interest of the children to do so, citing prominently the fathers Aalternative lifestyle.@
The Court of Appeals reversed, ruling that there was no finding of irreparable harm to the children if the
prior arrangement was continued pending trial, and that there was no record evidence to support the trial
judge=s modification.
Neither party had been given an opportunity to present fully the evidence on the
permanent custody issue.
Therefore, the trial court=s
order was set aside, the prior joint custody agreement was reinstated pending a hearing on the merits of the
respective petition and counter-petition for sole custody.
While the appeals court made it clear that the appeal was being determined on the issues of Tennessee civil
procedure, the decision made it equally clear that the trial court had acted out of distaste for the father=s
sexual preference. Notwithstanding the numerous admonitions issued during the hearing, the trial court judge
apparently realized which way he would be inclined to go after the hearing on the merits of the custody
petitions, and more or less Acut to the chase.@
It is equally clear that what began as an amicable divorce
was turning bitter as the mother disapproved of the father=s homosexuality, of the money that he was able
and willing to spend on the children, and of the fact that the children were apparently quite accepting of the
father=s homosexuality.
The appeals court lays all of this out in a degree of detail which is simply
impossible to summarize briefly. _Steven Kolodny_
6th Circuit Affirms Summary Judgment on Religious Discrimination Claim by Lesbian
A unanimous panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit upheld a grant of summary judgment in
favor of the Baptist Memorial Health Care Center in Memphis, Tennessee, rejecting a religious
discrimination claim brought by Glynda Hall, a lesbian. _Hall v. Baptist Memorial Health Care Corp._,
2000 WL 757717 (June 13).
The court found that the employer was exempt from Title VII religious
discrimination coverage, but that in any event Hall had failed to allege a prima facie case of religious
discrimination.
Hall was hired Aug. 7, 1995, by the College of Health Sciences, a subsidiary of the Health Care Center, as
a Student Services Specialist, to work with students and administration in organizing and planning activities
of campus student organizations.
She was not open about being a lesbian when she was hired.
She
received frequent commendations for her work.
In the spring of 1996, she began the process of becoming
a lay minister at Holy Trinity Community Church, a non-denominational gay-friendly Christian church.
That
summer, her supervisor, Paul Barkley, a Southern Baptist minister, asked her where she attended church.
When she told him Holy Trinity, he became concerned because of the church=s reputation as being gay-
friendly, and brought his concern to Rose Temple, the president of the College, who told Barkley that the
College would not intervene in Hall=s choice of where to attend church.
However, after Hall was ordained,
she told Barkley that she is a lesbian and, when he brought this information to Temple=s attention, Hall was
discharged.
The Medical College and the Health Care Center of which it is a part were founded by three regional
divisions of the Southern Baptist Convention, which is an avowedly anti-gay religious movement.
The
College requires that its students participate in religious instruction.
Temple and Barkley took the position
that a student services specialist is in a position of influence over students, and that the College should not
keep in that position an openly-gay person.
However, they did offer to find her a non-student contact
position, which she refused.
Hall sued under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, alleging that she had been discharged because of
her religious practices and beliefs, which differed from those of the College.
The College defended on two
grounds: a religious exemption from compliance, and a failure by Hall properly to allege a prima facie case
of religious discrimination.
The trial court granted the College=s motion for summary judgment on both
grounds.
Writing for the 6th Circuit Panel, District Judge Dan Polster, sitting by designation, found that the trial court
was correct on both counts.
42 U.S.C. sec. 2000e-2(e)(2) provides that it is not unlawful for an
educational institution that Ais, in whole, or in substantial part, owned, supported, controlled or managed by
a particular religion or by a particular religious corporation, association, or society@ to Ahire an employee of
a particular religion.@ Federal courts have broadly interpreted this provision to allow religiously-affiliated
educational institutions to insist that their employees comply with the tenets of the sponsoring religion.
Thus,
in one case a federal circuit court had applied the exemption to a Catholic school that discharged a
Protestant tenured teacher when she failed to validate her second marriage by obtaining an annulment of her
first marriage through Catholic church procedures.
Another decision had applied the exemption to a Baptist
college that discharged a tenured faculty member who was a Baptist but who had stated religious views
differing from those of his academic dean.
In this case, Hall attacked the conclusion that the Medical College came within the terms of the exemption.
Judge Polster found that the Baptist Church had created the parent corporation for the Health Center, of
which the College is a subsidiary corporation, and thus that the College Ahas a direct relationship with the
Baptist church.@ He also found that Athe College atmosphere is permeated with religious overtones,@
noting the method of recruiting students, the frequent articulation of the school=s religious mission at public
events including student orientation, the frequent prayer breakfasts and chapel programs, and so forth.
Polster also rejected Hall=s argument that the College had somehow waived its Title VII exemption by
accepting federal funds and holding itself out as an equal opportunity employer.
Polster asserted that Athe
statutory exemptions from religious discrimination claims under Title VII cannot be waived by either party,@
because the exemptions reflected a judgment by Congress that religious organizations had a constitutional
right to be free from government interference in their personnel policies.
But even if the exemption did not apply, Polster found, Hall=s complaint fell short of stating a religious
discrimination claim.
Polster stated that it was clear that Hall was being fired because of her sexual
orientation, and not her religious activities.
Applying the _McDonnell Douglas_ framework that federal
courts follow under Title VII in cases where there is not direct evidence of unlawful motivation, Polster
found that Hall had failed to satisfy the final prong of the test, which he characterized in this case as showing
that Ashe was treated less favorably than similarly-situated persons not a member of the protected class.
In
other words, Hall has the burden of establishing that comparable co-workers who engaged in substantially
the same conduct as she were treated better.@
The problem was, Hall could not to the court=s satisfaction show that anybody similarly situated to her was
treated more favorably on religious grounds.
Hall pointed to another employee who had become an
ordained minister in the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church but was allowed to continue her employment,
even though the Southern Baptist Convention officially opposed ordination of women.
Polster rejected the
analogy, asserting that the other employee Adid not assume a leadership position in an organization that
publicly supported homosexual lifestyles@ and was thus not similarly situated to Hall.
(The illogic of this
position is startling: in order to raise an inference of discrimination on the basis of religion, Hall would have
to be able to allege that another employee had also become a minister of a non-Baptist church that
supported gay rights but was not fired.)
Polster also opined that First Amendment protection for the
College=s free exercise of religion would, in any event, require the federal courts to refrain from Adictating@
to religious organizations Ahow to carry out their religious missions or how to enforce their religious
practices.@
Polster went even further in support of the summary judgment decision, however, stating that even had Hall
alleged an adequate prima facie case, she would not be able to show that the reason for her termination was
a pretext for religious discrimination.
The College said that it terminated her Abecause she assumed a
leadership position in an organization that publicly supported homosexual lifestyles,@ a view at odds with the
Southern Baptist Convention=s position on the issue of homosexuality.
Since the College employed faculty
and staff who were members of a wide variety of faiths, and even some atheists, it would be hard to assert
that the College was requiring religious conformity in general.
Indeed, when first informed of where Hall
prayed, the College president took no action against her, and she was only terminated after she told her
supervisor that she is a lesbian.
Finally, Polster rejected Hall=s argument that she was entitled to a Areasonable accommodation@ of her
religious beliefs, pointing out that the College offered her an accommodation B a non-student contact
position B which she refused.
Reacting to the decision in an interview with the Memphis _Commercial Appeal_ (June 14), Hall=s
attorney, Clyde Keenan, found that court=s analysis of the religious exemption to be Aunusual,@ arguing
that an employer should not be able to take federal money and claim to be an equal opportunity employer
on the one hand, and then be able to hide behind an exemption from compliance with Title VII on the other.
Keenan said his client was considering whether to seek further review.
A.S.L.
First Circuit Gives Cross-Dresser a Day in Federal Court
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit reversed the summary dismissal of a sex discrimination case
brought against a bank by a cross-dressed person who was refused a loan application. _Rosa v. Park West
Bank & Trust Co._, 2000 WL 726228 (Jun. 8).
Lucas Rosa, biologically male, sued Park West Bank & Trust Co. under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act
(ECOA) and Massachusetts state law, after a bank employee told Rosa that she would not give him a loan
application or process his loan request until he Awent home and changed@ into more traditionally male
attire, as he appeared in the three forms of photo identification he provided.
District Court Judge Frank
Freedman, stating Athe issue in this case is not [Rosa's] sex, but rather how he chose to dress ... even if
Park West's ... action were based upon ... perceived sexual orientation the Act does not prohibit such,@
dismissed Rosa's ECOA and pendent state claims. Massachusetts law prohibits sexual orientation
discrimination.
Rosa's appeal contended that the district court Afundamentally misconceived the ... applicable [law] by
concluding that there may be no relationship, as a matter of law, between telling a bank customer what to
wear and sex discrimination,@ and that it misapplied FRCP 12(b)(6) by resolving factual questions.
In apparent agreement with Rosa=s arguments, Circuit Judge Lynch's opinion states that the evidence as to
Park West's motive in telling Rosa to Ago home and change@ is not yet developed.
The opinion cites cases
interpreting Title VII federal employment discrimination law, including _Oncale v. Sundowner Offshore
Servs._,
as the requisite for interpreting the ECOA.
Speculating as to Park West's possible motive or
motives in denying Rosa the application, the court reversed, finding it reasonable to infer that some of Park
West's motives could fall into the prohibited category.
Rosa now has the opportunity to show that he
suffered disparate treatment based on sex. (Although Lynch's opinion seems to suggest that, for someone to
be situated similarly to Rosa, they would have to be Aa woman who dresses like a man.@)
Rosa is represented by Jennifer Levi, with Mary Bonauto and Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders on
the brief.
Katherine Franke represented amici curiae NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund and Equal
Rights Advocates. _Mark Major_
N.Y. Family Court Judge Lets Lesbian Co-Parent Seek Visitation
In a decision that strains to distinguish adverse controlling precedent in New York State, Westchester
County Family Court Judge Joan Cooney ruled in _Matter of J.C. v. C.T._, published June 23 in the _New
York Law Journal_, that a lesbian co-parent might have standing to pursue visitation with the children she
had been raising with her former partner, using an equitable estoppel theory.
Rejecting a motion to dismiss,
Cooney ordered a hearing to determine whether petitioner J.C. could meet the standard recently set out for
such cases by the New Jersey Supreme Court in _V.C. v. M.J.B._, 748 A. 2d 539 (N.J. Sup. Ct., April 6,
2000).
The case presents what has become an unfortunately typical litigation scenario: a lesbian couple decided to
have children through donor insemination, both women participating fully in all the decision-making.
One
member of the couple bore the children, and both women lived with the children as a family unit, sharing
equally the parenting responsibilities and rights, and both bonding equally as a parent with the children.
After several years, the couple terminated their relationship.
At first, the birth mother allowed the co-parent
to have visitation with the children, but eventually she cut off visitation.
When the co-parent filed suit
seeking visitation, the birth mother moved to dismiss the case on standing grounds, citing _Alison D. v.
Virginia M._, 77 N.Y.2d 651 (N.Y. 1991),
in which the Court of Appeals ruled that a co-parent who was
a Abiological stranger@ to the child lacked standing to seek visitation over the objection of the birth mother.
That case presented a factual context strikingly similar in many respects to the facts of this case.
Judge Cooney gave a very narrow, literal reading to _Alison D._ as a precedent, holding that
the court
Adid not create a blanket rule to be applied in all cases involving unrelated persons seeking to establish
custody or visitation in the face of a fit biological parent, without regard to the best interests of the child.@
Judge Cooney took her lead from the more recent decision by the Appellate Division, 2nd Department, in
_Maby H. v. Joseph H._, 246 App. Div. 2d 282 (1998), in which that court used an equitable estoppel
theory to find standing to seek visitation for a man who had assisted his girlfriend in raising her child to
whom he was not biologically related.
In essence, the court recognized that the child no less than the parent
has an important interest at stake in such a dispute, and that equitable estoppel should be invoked in
appropriate circumstances to bar the _Alison D._ defense when there is an established parent-child
relationship that was actively created by the defendant.
The judge looked to the recent New Jersey decision in _V.C._ for appropriate standards to apply.
The
_V.C._ court had in turn borrowed standards articulated by the Wisconsin Supreme Court in _Custody of
H.S.H.-K._, 533 N.W.2d 419 (1995), creating a four-part factual test: (1) the biological or adoptive
parent fostered and actively encouraged the development of a parental relationship between the child and
the plaintiff; (2) the plaintiff and child lived together in the same household for some period of time; (3) the
plaintiff had assumed obligations of parenthood with respect to the child; (4) the duration of the relationship
was long enough for the child to have Abonded@ psychologically with the plaintiff as a parent.
In this case, the judge found that the allegations of the complaint were sufficient to suggest that the test might
be met, but a ruling on the merits of standing would have to await a hearing.
A.S.L.
7th Circuit Finds Discriminatory Prison Housing Decision to be Rational
In a decision that presumes without discussion that anti-gay discrimination is subject only to the lowest level
of constitutional scrutiny, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit rejected 8th and 14th Amendment
claims by a gay African-American prisoner regarding the housing provided to him in the Indiana State
Prison.
_Peterson v. Bodlovich_, 2000 WL 702126 (May 24) (unpublished disposition).
Peterson, an inmate at Indiana State Prison, suffers from asthma which is made worse by exposure to cats.
Evidently, there are plenty of cats wandering around the prison.
Peterson=s treating physician
recommended that he be moved to an area of the prison with no cats.
Peterson had been housed in a
Aclosed@ dormitory setting, allegedly because when he previously lived in an Aopen@ setting other
prisoners complained about his aggressive homosexual behavior.
Responding to the doctor=s suggestion,
prison authorities relocated Peterson several times but refused to move him into Aopen@ housing, which he
had requested because it would leave him freer to move away from any cats in the vicinity.
Peterson filed a pro se action, claiming deliberate indifference to his medical problem and unequal treatment.
Among other things, he claimed that prison officials were particularly biased against black gay men, having
been told by them that Ablack homosexuals don=t adjust right@ to open dormitory living.
The district court
granted summary judgment in favor of defendants.
The court of appeals= decision is not attributed to any one of the judges.
They collectively found that the
prison had not exhibited deliberate indifference to Peterson=s asthma problem, noting that prison authorities
had tried to move him around to avoid exposure to cats
and that the doctor had indicated that the condition
was not life-threatening.
As to the equal protection claim, the prison authorities admitted that their refusal to put Peterson into open
housing was based on his sexual orientation, and that they Atried not to place any admitted homosexuals in
an open dormitory because it was disruptive to the other prisoners.@
The court asserted that this decision
Ais subject only to rational basis review because homosexuals are neither a suspect nor quasi-suspect class.
Under this standard, defendants need only show that their decision was rationally related to a legitimate
government interest.
We agree with the defendants that their decision not to transfer Peterson was rationally
related to their legitimate interest in reducing openly sexual behavior in the prison.
Peterson=s previous
open and aggressive sexual behavior demonstrated to defendants that he was not a suitable candidate for
open dormitory living.@
A.S.L.
Ohio Supreme Court Clarifies Plaintiff=s Evidentiary Burdens in Same-Sex Harassment Case
In _Hampel v. Food Ingredients Specialties, Inc._, 729 N.E.2d 726, 89 Ohio St. 3d 169 (June 21), the
Ohio Supreme Court affirmed a jury verdict awarding compensatory damages of $368,750 and punitive
damages of $1,280,000 in a same-sex harassment case but, ironically, found that the plaintiff=s same-sex
harassment claim should not have been submitted to the jury, instead premising the damage award on the
plaintiff=s intentional infliction of emotional distress claim.
Laszlo Hampel worked as a cook at FIS-Nestle.
On April 17, 1995, he encountered some frustration at
work due to an ongoing problem of inadequate storage capacity for finished food products, and complained
to his supervisor, Jerry Hord.
In front of other employees, Hord responded to Hampel=s complaint by
telling him AHey, Laz, you can blow me,@ and when Hampel asked for a clarification, AI said, you can suck
my dick.@ This led to a sordid conversation that is reproduced verbatim in the court=s syllabus of the case.
At the end of his shift, Hampel went to Hord=s office to protest his language, and Hord said if he didn=t
like it, he should quit his job.
The next day, Hampel filed a grievance against Hord with the vice-president
of manufacturing.
There followed an intense campaign of harassment against Hampel by Hord, none of
which was sexual in nature.
The campaign continued until Hampel finally quit his job in May 1996, after
having taken a medical leave of absence to deal with the extreme depression into which he was driven by
Hord=s harassment.
Hampel filed suit in state court alleging sexual harassment, retaliation, and intentional infliction of emotional
distress.
The trial judge rejected the defendants= motions for directed verdict and sent all three claims to
the jury, which ruled for Hampel on harassment and emotional distress, while rejecting his retaliation claim.
The court of appeals reversed the judgement, finding the evidence did not support a sexual harassment
hostile environment claim, and remanded for retrial of the emotional distress claim.
Hampel appealed.
The Ohio Supreme Court was very divided over how to handle the case, but all the judges apparently
agreed that Hampel had not made out a case of hostile environment sexual harassment.
While agreeing with
the jury that he suffered from a hostile environment created by his supervisor, the court found that Hord was
not motivated by Hampel=s sex in so doing.
Hampel had staked his sexual harassment claim on the sexual
nature of Hord=s statements in response to Hampel=s original complaint, but the supreme court agreed
with the court of appeals that there was no indication that Hord=s statements were seriously intended as a
sexual proposition or were particularly targeted at Hampel because of his sex.
Writing for the court on an issue of first impression under Ohio law, Justice Alice Robie Resnick stated:
A[We] hold that harassing conduct that is simply abusive, with no sexual element, can support a claim for
hostile-environment sexual harassment if it is directed at the plaintiff because of his or her sex.
However,
harassment is not automatically discrimination because of sex merely because the words used have sexual
content or connotations. . . . While the harasser=s words and conduct themselves may sometimes suffice to
raise the inference of homosexuality or sexual desire circumstantially, the record in this case points
unequivocally to the fact that the expressive function of Hord=s language was to mimic rather than reveal
any actual sexual desire for Hampel.@ Furthermore, even though Hord had testified that he wouldn=t have
said to a woman what he said to Hampel, Resnick found, AIn the context of Hord=s testimony. . ., his
admission that he would not have used the same language toward a woman reflects some personal morality
code, rather than an aversion to men in the workplace, and the record fails to disclose any disparity in the
way Hord treated male and female employees.@
However, in common with the court of appeals, the supreme court concluded that the record supported
sending the intentional infliction of emotional distress claim to a jury.
However, the supreme court majority
parted company from the court of appeals by concluding that a new trial was not necessary, and the jury=s
verdict on this claim could be sustained under the Atwo issues@ rule followed by Ohio courts: when there
are alternate grounds that would sustain the jury=s verdict, it can be sustained on appeal even though one of
the grounds is ruled out, where the record would support awarding damages on the other ground and the
jury could have done so even had it rejected the illegitimate ground.
On this point, three members of the
court parted company with Justice Resnick and the rest of the majority, arguing in dissenting opinions by
Justices Moyer and Cook that a new trial was necessary so that a jury could focus solely on whether the
factual record supported the emotional distress claim, and could calculate damages on that basis.
In an interesting postscript, on the same date, the Ohio Supreme Court dismissed an appeal in another
same-sex harassment case, _Retterer v. Whirlpool Corp._, 729 N.E.2d 760 (June 21), in which it appears
that the plaintiff is thrown out of court largely because he failed to preserve certain issues for appeal prior to
the U.S. Supreme Court=s _Oncale_ decision.
The court did not issue an opinion on the dismissal, but a
concurring opinion was written by Justice Pfeifer with the concurrence of Justice Resnick.
ARetterer=s
sexual-harassment claim should have survived summary judgment,@ wrote Pfeiffer, noting the ruling in
_Hampel_ and stating: AThis case might have presented the opportunity for us to consider whether
discrimination based upon sexual orientation is also actionable under R.C. 4112.02(A).
The abusive
behavior that might give rise to such a cause of action continues to exist even in this supposedly enlightened
day, and certainly it is only a matter of time before the question of sexual-orientation discrimination (and
whether it is merely the opposite side of the same sexual-harassment coin) is properly before this court.@
A.S.L.
Transgender Legal Complications Abound
In _Littleton v. Prange_, 9 S.W.3d 223 (Tex. App. -- San Antonio 1999), rev. denied, 3/2/2000, rehearing
petition for rev. overruled, 5/18/2000, the Texas Court of Appeals held that a post-operative male to
female transsexual could not maintain a wrongful death action for the loss of her husband as the result of the
alleged negligence of the husband=s doctor, refusing to recognize the marriage (contracted in a different
state) as valid because Littleton was born a man.
If the marriage was not valid, then Littleton was not a
surviving spouse, as required to maintain an action under the state=s wrongful death statute.
Early in July,
Littleton filed a petition for certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court after the Texas Supreme Court had twice
refused to take up the case.
Meanwhile, on July 7 the _Wall Street Journal_ reported that the same legal issue -- the validity of a
marriage between a male-to-female transsexual and a man -- is working through the Kansas courts.
Marshall Gardiner, a very elderly prominent former Kansas state legislator, died intestate, leaving behind his
much younger second wife of eleven months, J=Noel Ball Gardiner, and his son by his first marriage, Joe
Gardiner, as well as an estate valued at about $2.5 million.
Joe, who lived out of state and
had not
previously met his stepmother, hired a private investigator to look into her past and discovered that she was
a post-operative transsexual.
The investigator=s routine document check turned up the information that
J=Noel=s social security number had been issued to a man.
Joe Gardiner filed suit, contesting the legality
of his father=s marriage, in order to defeat J=Noel=s claim as a surviving widow for half of Marshall=s
estate.
J=Noel, originally named Jay Ball, was born in Wisconsin; after her sex reassignment procedure,
that state issued her a
new birth certificate identifying her as female.
On January 20,
2000, a Kansas trial
court issued a ruling similar to the Texas ruling, finding that for purposes of Kansas domestic relations law,
J=Noel remained a man and could not have legally married another man.
J=Noel is appealing.
A.S.L.
Litigation Notes: Civil
The Wisconsin State Department of Workforce Development found probable cause on a sexual orientation
discrimination complaint filed by Michael Reisinger, a real estate broker, against his former firm, Michelson
Associates & Michelson Management.
The Equal Rights Division scheduled a hearing on the claim to take
place Aug. 4.
Since being terminated as a partner at Michelson, Reisinger has found new employment as a
vice president at Polacheck Co.
Although he has obtained new employment, if Reisinger prevails on his
claim he could receive an award from the ERD administrative judge of lost wages, interest on lost wages,
attorneys fees and costs, and a requirement that Michelson offer him a position comparable to the one he
lost.
If Reisinger seeks other damages, he would have to take his claim into the state court system.
_Wisconsin State Journal_, June 16.
The ACLU Lesbian & Gay Rights Project and the Minnesota Civil Liberties Union
have announced the
filing of a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of Minnesota=s law against consensual sodomy.
In an
editorial published July 3, the Minneapolis-St. Paul _Star Tribune_ editorialized in support of the lawsuit,
observing that Aeven MCLU=s critics have a tough time making an argument for keeping the law,@
concluding: Athis law remains an affront to anyone who believes that what a couple of consenting adults do
in the privacy of their home is nobody else=s business.
That=s a principle worth going to court for, and the
Minnesota Civil Liberties Union should be commended for trying to do what the Legislature should have
done long ago.@
The law is a genuine anomaly, since the state bans discrimination in employment, housing
and public accommodations on the basis of sexual orientation.
After the Michigan Court of Appeals affirmed on May 26 a ruling by the Kent County Circuit Court that the
estate of Gerry Crane, a gay music teacher who was hounded out of his job in a controversy about his
sexual orientation, was entitled to receive the money that the Byron Center School District had agreed to
pay to settle Crane=s discrimination suit, the Board of Education had a protracted debate about whether to
refuse to pay.
Crane=s settlement agreement with the Board had provided for periodic payments over an
agreed time span, but Crane unexpected died from a heart attack and the Board stopped paying, prompting
the lawsuit, which was backed by the Michigan Education Association.
The Kent County pathologist
testified that the stress of Crane=s dispute with the Board may have contributed to his untimely death.
The
Board had offered to use the money to establish a scholarship fund in Crane=s memory, but this offer was
declined by Randy Block, Crane=s surviving life partner and the representative of the estate.
In a press
release issued after the vote to settle the case, the Board insisted that the protracted debate had nothing to
do with the issue of homosexuality, but was based on the Board=s concern about setting a precedent of
salary continuation after the death of a former employee.
_Grand Rapids Press_, June 11 & June 1.
In 1998, the Kentucky Baptist Homes for Children discharged social worker Alicia Pedreira because of her
sexual orientation.
There were no allegations of misbehavior or unsatisfactory work on her part, and the
discriminatory basis of the discharge is uncontested.
The Baptist Homes are largely funded by the state of
Kentucky, which has traditionally referred a large proportion of the children in need of institutional
residential care to the organization.
The ACLU filed suit on Pedreira=s behalf against Baptist Homes and
the state, theorizing that the Homes were virtually a state institution and thus Pedreira=s discharge violated
her right to equal protection of the laws.
Although the theory is somewhat novel, there is some historical
support for the idea that a pervasively regulated entity or an entity deriving much of its revenue from
government contracts might be deemed a state actor for certain purposes.
Whatever the merits of the legal
case, however, the threat of liability for the state has produced interesting political consequences.
On June
29, the _Louisville Courier-Journal_ reported that the Homes had decided to refuse to renew its contract
with the state of Kentucky, as a result of the state=s insistence that the Homes agree to assume all costs of
defending the suit and all liability in case Pedreira wins.
Although the Homes=s Board had voted just days
previously to renew the contract on the state=s terms, the director of the Homes maintained that it would
continue its policy of refusing to employ anyone known to be gay, prompting Viola Miller, Secretary of the
Cabinet for Families and Children (the state=s social welfare agency) to announced that it was possible the
state would stop sending children to the Homes, even if it renewed the contract.
Since the Homes is paid
based on the number of children it takes from the state, the contract would be relatively worthless if the state
stopped referring children to the Homes.
The contract expired at the end of June, and the Homes was
preparing to lay off staff and transfer children to other programs.
What is particularly interesting in all this is
that Kentucky has no law banning sexual orientation discrimination in employment, although there are some
local ordinances whose legal enforceability may be limited.
The Homes would, of course, try to claim a
religious exemption from compliance with non-discrimination ordinances, which would raise further legal
issues regarding the extensive state support for the agency.
(We wonder how the Supreme Court=s _Boy
Scouts v. Dale_ decision would affect litigation in this case?)
A.S.L.
A Manhattan (New York City) jury awarded $20 million in damages to a gay man who was harassed and
fired as manager of a nightclub.
_Minichiello v. The Supper Club_, No. 124772/95.
Steven Minichiello
claimed that everything was fine at the club until a new owner took over, leading to severe harassment
producing extreme emotional distress leading up to his discharge, purportedly for refusing to cut off his
ponytail.
On June 22, the jury brought in a verdict for $10 million in compensatory damages for violation of
the New York City Human Rights Ordinance, which bans employment discrimination on the basis of actual
or perceived sexual orientation.
On June 23, the jury reconvened and determined to award Minichiello an
equal amount in punitive damages.
The defendants are expected to ask Justice Emily Jane Goodman to
reduce the damages as excessive.
Minichiello=s complaint was filed by the firm of Lipsig, Shapey, Manus
& Moverman, which then referred the case out to litigator Alan Rich for trial.
Minichiello is currently
employed as the manager of another nightclub, the Copacabana.
_New York Daily News_, June 23;
Amended Verified Complaint.
A Franklin County (Columbus, Ohio) jury has awarded Amy Mier $65,000 in back-pay and expenses in
what is claimed to be the first sexual orientation employment discrimination case to go to trial in Ohio under
a wrongful discharge in violation of public policy theory.
Mier sued her former employer, Certified Oil
Company, after she and her domestic partner were both discharged in May 1996.
Columbus has a gay
rights ordinance, which is not directly enforceable in a civil action.
Mier claimed that the tort of wrongful
discharge in violation of public policy applied in her case, and was sustained in a pre-trial ruling on a motion
to dismiss by trial judge Daniel Hogan, who rejected the precedent of an earlier decision that arose in
Cincinnati, attempting to premise the public policy claim on that city=s controversial, and subsequently
repealed, gay rights ordinance.
The jury found that Mier=s sexual orientation was a determining factor in
her discharge, but that Roush=s sexual orientation was not a factor in her discharge.
Certified is expected
to appeal both the verdict and Hogan=s earlier ruling on the legal theory.
_Mier & Roush v. Certified Oil
Co._, June 10, 2000.
_Reported based on a Queerlaw posting by Columbia attorney Elliot T. Fishman_.
Georgia Superior Court Judge Robert Castellani has dismissed a lesbian co-parent joint custody and
visitation petition in _Brandt v. Becht_ (DeKalb County Super. Ct., June 2000), citing the U.S. Supreme
Court=s _Troxel_ decision (see above) for the proposition that the birth mother=s rights trump whatever
rights the co-parent might have.
Wrote Castellani, according to an article in the June 15 issue of _Southern
Voice_, ADespite what some court may find to be the child=s best interests, a parent=s right to decide is
paramount, absent some threat or harm to the child.
Best interests alone will not suffice.@ Castellani did not
specifically address Brandt=s argument that she should be treated as a psychological or de facto parent of
the child she was raising with her former partner before they split up. * * * _Southern Voice_ also reported
that the Georgia Supreme Court has refused to review a contempt order issued by Walton County Superior
Court Judge Marvin Sorrells against Jean Ann Vawter, for violating the terms of her child custody award by
exposing her child to her Ameretricious relationship@ with her lesbian partner.
However, in bring the
contempt proceeding, Vawter=s ex-husband, Douglas Vawter, did not ask for a change of custody, and
since Vawter, her partner and the child are living in North Carolina, there doesn=t seem to be any
immediate danger to her continued custody (unless, of course, she wants to wander back into Georgia with
her child, in which case she might be imprisoned for contempt of court).
The _Baltimore Sun_ reported June 30 that Tommie Lee Watkins, who resigned from the U.S. Naval
Academy after being accused of homosexual activity, filed suit in the U.S. District Court in that city on June
29 seeking an order blocking the Defense Department from attempting to force him to pay $82,000 for the
cost of his education at the Naval Academy.
Although the Defense Department adopted a policy in 1994
against attempting to recoup tuition and expense money from cadets who are forced out because they are
gay, the Navy is taking the position that Watkins quit without making any declaration about his sexual
orientation and thus is not covered by the policy.
The Board for Correction of Naval Records, which rarely
shows any sympathy for gay sailors, in this case found that the Navy=s position constitutes Aerror and
injustice,@ and points out that the circumstances of Watkins=s resignation are clearly related to the charges
of homosexuality, even though his letter doesn=t mention the issue.
Stephen Smith, Director of the California Department of Industrial Relations, has approved a decision by
the state labor commission finding that the Hemet Unified School District violated the rights of lesbian
English teacher Alta Kavanaugh by granting a parent=s request to remove her daughter from Kavanaugh=s
class because the parent had religious objections to Kavanaugh mentioning her same-sex partner in class.
Smith approved the commission=s requirement that the district post notices at schools and headquarters
admitting that it violated the law, that the district undertake anti-discrimination training, delete any adverse
references from Kavanaugh=s files and eschew any policy of removing students from classes on this basis.
Smith went beyond the original commission order by requiring that the district hire a professional anti-
discrimination trainer; the commission would have allowed the district to undertake the training in-house.
Also, the commission had not awarded attorney=s fees, but Smith ordered that the district pay for
Kavanaugh=s fees in connection with the commission hearing.
If it decides to resist Smith=s order, the
district would have to appeal to the Superior Court.
Kavanaugh has taken a leave of absence and is
teaching in another district next year, but has indicated that she would like to return to Hemet schools.
Lambda Legal Defense Fund=s West Coast Office provided support for Kavanaugh=s case. _Riverside
Press-Enterprise_, June 21; Lambda Press Release, June 20.
The University of Minnesota agreed to an $80,000 settlement of a lawsuit brought under the state=s civil
rights law by Richard Marsden, a gay university employee, who claimed he was the victim of a hostile
homophobic environment while academic adviser in the athletic department of the university.
The University
stated out that it did not admit discrimination, but decided to settle in order to save time and money on trial
work and appeals.
The settlement occurred during the trial in Hennepin County District Court, after
Marsden had testified about specific anti-gay incidents that occurred in his workplace. _Star-Tribune_, June
28.
The so-called American Center for Law and Justice, the Pat Robinson founded non-profit law firm, has filed
a suit in the Montgomery County, Maryland, Circuit Court, attacking the validity of a county ordinance
providing health insurance eligibility for the same-sex domestic partners of county employees.
Montgomery
County enacted the ordinance late in 1999.
Raising an argument on behalf of eleven alleged Maryland
taxpayers (who are presumably avowed heterosexuals into the bargain) that Athe County Council lacks the
legislative authority to redefine the institution of marriage,@ the complaint charges that only the state
legislature Ahas the authority to redefine marriage or draw legal equivalencies between homosexual
relationships and heterosexual marriage relationships.@
Such arguments have had mixed success in other
jurisdictions, most recently producing a decision striking down such benefits in Virginia but a contrary ruling
in Vancouver, Washington, where a court recently threw out a challenge to that city=s domestic partnership
policy in _Heinsma v. City of Vancouver_ (Clark Co. (Wash.) Superior Ct., Nichols, J., June 26, 2000).
_Washington Post_, July 3; _The Columbian_, June 27.
The _Orlando Sentinel_ reported June 27 that a superior court judge in Vermont had refused a last-minute
application from anti-gay forces there to prevent the Civil Union Law from going into effect.
Beginning July
1, same-sex couples began registering their civil unions, thus obtaining all the rights that married couples
have under Vermont state law.
Vermont thus became the first U.S. state to make available all the rights and
responsibilities of civil marriage to same-sex couples. * * *
There is no residency requirement to register a
civil union; however, out-of-staters intending to do so are cautioned that the degree of recognition accorded
Vermont civil unions outside of that state is entirely unknown at this time, and that the process of terminating
a civil union requires submission to Vermont=s divorce laws, which include a residency requirement.
A.S.L.
Litigation Notes: Criminal
A Multnomah County, Washington, jury has convicted Eric Running of the Feb. 24, 1998 murders of
Jacqueline Anderson, his former girlfriend, and her lover Barbara Gilpin.
The jury will reconvene July 17 to
determine whether Running=s aggravated murder conviction merits the death penalty or the alternative of life
imprisonment.
The jury rejected Running=s insanity defense.
_The Columbian_, July 7.
The Texas Court of Appeals in Houston rejected Joe Anthony Martinez=s challenge of his conviction for
aggravated sexual assault of a teenage boy, finding no abuse of discretion in the trial judge=s refusing to let
Martinez attempt to impeach the victim by showing his anti-gay bias.
_Martinez v. State of Texas_, 2000
WL 767825 (June 15).
The victim, 13-year-old G.G., had reportedly angrily called a teacher with whom
he had a dispute a Ano good fBg lesbian whore,@ and had also been heard to call other students
Afaggots.@
Martinez tried to present a witness who could testify to these outburst in attempting to impeach
G.G.=s testimony that Martinez had performed oral sex with him, but the court refused to let the evidence
in.
The court of appeals found that a defendant usually has wide latitude to attempt to impeach the honesty,
credibility or biases of prosecution witnesses.
However, in this case, G.G., examined in the absence of the
jury, stated that he had no bias against gays and actually lived in the Montrose neighborhood and had lots of
gay friends.
The court concluded that the alleged statements by G.G. did not evidence a general bias
against gays, and thus should not be allowed in.
At the same time, the court rejected Martinez=s contention
that the trial judge erred by allowing testimony by another young man who claimed to have been a sexual
assault victim of Martinez in the past, using the same modus operandus that was alleged in the case of G.G.
The court found that the evidence was admissible as impeachment of Martinez=s own testimony.
A.S.L.
Legislative Notes
The United States Senate voted 57-42 on June 20 to approve a measure that would expand the scope of
federal hate crimes laws to include crimes motivated by the victim=s sexual orientation or disabled status.
In addition, the federal law, which already covers crimes motivated by the victim=s race, religion or national
origin, will be expanded to include a wider range of offenses.
Under current law, there is only a federal
crime if the hate crime is committed in connection with the victim=s attempt to exercise federally-guaranteed
rights.
The expanded law would apply to all situations where there is some nexus with interstate commerce.
In opposing the measure on the floor of the Senate, U.S. Senator Orin Hatch argued that under recent
Supreme Court 11th Amendment doctrine (such as _U.S. v. Morrison_, which struck down the civil
enforcement provisions of the Violence Against Women Act) the hate crimes law may be unconstitutional.
Hatch offered an amendment, which was adopted, to set up a study of whether states were not adequately
addressing hate crimes.
The Senate vote was hailed as the first to affirmatively address protection of the
rights of lesbians and gay men by either chamber of Congress.
However, jubilation of the supporters was
muted by the likelihood that the matter would not come to the floor in the House, although there was hope
that it might be enacted through attachment to some other bill that the House Republicans want to pass,
perhaps in a conference committee. _New York Times_, June 21.
Better late than never?
In 1980, the New York Court of Appeals ruled in _People v. Onofre_, 51 N.Y.2d
476 (1980), cert. denied, 451 U.S. 987 (1981), that sec. 130.38 of the New York Penal Code, which
outlawed anal or oral sex between people (regardless of gender) who were not married to each other,
violated the privacy and equal protection guarantees of the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution.
Although the Supreme Court refused to review the case, doubts were raised about its continuing validity
after _Bowers v. Hardwick_, 478 U.S. 186 (1986), the case in which the Supreme Court rejected a
federal constitutional challenge to Georgia=s sodomy law.
However, shortly after the _Hardwick_
decision, then-Attorney General of N.Y. Robert Abrams issued a statement that in his view _Onofre_
remained good law because the N.Y. court applied an equal protection analysis focused on the distinction
between married and unmarried partners, which was not present in the Georgia case.
Nonetheless, the
sodomy law remained on the statute books, and was occasionally invoked by prosecutors despite the
court=s holding.
Now doubts are finally resolved,
as the New York legislature passed a sexual offenses
reform bill on June 22 (S. 8238/ A. 11538), which thoroughly revises and penal code=s sex crimes
provisions and, incidentally, repeals the sodomy law.
Henceforth, non-consensual sodomy will be dealt with
through the sexual assault laws, and sexual activity in public will be dealt with in other laws dealing with
public lewdness, and the phrases Asodomy@ and Adeviate sexual intercourse@ will no longer be used in the
New York Penal Law to characterize gay sex.
The bill was introduced at the request of Governor George
Pataki, who had pledged to sign it.
Not quite, but almost as late...
For many years, a hate crimes law including sexual orientation has been
bottled up in committee in the New York State Senate by the Republican leadership, even though a similar
measure had passed the Assembly repeatedly and Republican Governor George Pataki had stated his
support for enactment of a hate crimes law covering sexual orientation.
This year the political calculus
changed; for the first time in a generation, Republican leaders feared that the general election might produce
a decline in the Republican=s margin in the Senate, and perhaps even a loss of control.
Since enactment of
hate crimes legislation is very popular in the state, according to political polls, the Senate leadership decided
to allow the measure to come to a vote, provided that it was the Republican version of the bill that would
finally be enacted.
The state Senate passed the measure by a comfortable margin, and in last minute
negotiations, a bill acceptable to both chambers was produced and passed on the last night of the session.
The bill, A. 30002, avoids the problems found by the Supreme Court in the New Jersey law by requiring
that the indictment state that the prosecution is treating the matter as a hate crime, and by including proof of
the bias motive as part of the prosecution=s burden in the case before the jury.
At press time, a signing
date had not been announced for the measure, but as it was proposed as part of Governor George
Pataki=s legislative agenda, no problems about final enactment are expected.
On June 19, Tennessee Governor Don Sunquist signed into law Tennessee Public Chapter No. 896, Senate
Bill No. 897, a law adjusting sentencing enhancement factors considered by state courts in criminal cases
(see Tenn. Code Ann. sec. 40-35-114), to add as a factor the following circumstance:
AThe defendant
intentionally selects the person against whom the crime is committed or selects the property that is damaged
or otherwise affected by the crime in whole or in part because of the actor=s belief or perception regarding
the race, religion, color, disability, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry or gender of that person or of
the owner or occupant of that property.
However, this subsection should not be construed so as to permit
the enhancement of a sexual offense on the basis of gender selection alone.@
The new law took effect July
1.
From the description of the sentencing procedures used in Tennessee contained in a news report about
the law, it is unclear whether the Supreme Court=s _Apprendi_ decision may require some further
adjustments.
Memphis _Commercial Appeal_, June 8.
Moving to codify and give statewide application to the recent decision in _People of California v. Garcia_,
92 Cal. Rptr. 2d 339, 77 Cal. App. 4th 1269 (4th Dist., Div. 3, Jan. 31, 2000), which held that lawyers
could not use peremptory challenges to discriminate against jurors on the basis of sexual orientation, the
state of California enacted A.B. 2418, introduced by Assemblymember Carol Migden of San Francisco,
which amends section 204 of the California Code of Civil Procedure to add Asexual orientation@ to the
forbidden list of bases for exemption from jury service, and adds a new section 231.5 to the Code of Civil
Procedure as follows: AA party may not use a peremptory challenge to remove a prospective juror on the
basis of an assumption that the prospective juror is biased merely because of his or her race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, sexual orientation, or similar grounds.@ Gov. Gray Davis signed the bill into law on June
27.
The Dane County, Wisconsin, Board voted June 16 to approve newly-negotiated union contracts that will
extend health insurance coverage to domestic partners of County employees, both same-sex and opposite-
sex. _Wisconsin State Journal_, June 16.
The school board in Cleveland, Ohio, adopted a policy in May adding Asexual orientation@ to the district=s
Code of Conduct governing non-discrimination and harassment.
Members of the board defended the
policy against religiously-based attacks by members of the public at its June 26 meeting. _Cleveland Plain
Dealer_, June 30.
A proposal to add Agender identity or expression@ to the list of characteristics covered by New York
City=s Human Rights Ordinance is now under consideration by the City Council.
The proposal has been
referred to the Council=s General Welfare Committee.
The Giuliani Administration has not yet taken a
position on the legislation, but in light of the Mayor=s active career as a transvestite performer at satirical
media events, it would be the height of hypocrisy to deny support to this measure. _Newsday_, June 6.
A.S.L.
Law & Society Notes
On June 23, President Bill Clinton issued an executive order requiring non-discrimination on the basis of
race, sex, color, national origin, disability, religion, age, sexual orientation, or parental status in all federally-
conducted education and training programs.
The order exempts the military and intelligence services, but
directs the Defense Department to develop its own procedures to protect civilians participating in its
programs from discrimination on these bases.
(In light of the statutory gay service ban, the president would
not have authority to order the Defense Department to apply a non-discrimination policy on sexual
orientation to its uniformed ranks.)
Executive orders do not create rights enforceable against the
government in court, but this Order does establish an internal administrative procedure for investigating and
resolving discrimination complaints within federal training programs.
_White House Press Release_, June
23.
The executive order followed a few weeks after Clinton=s now-annual proclamation of AGay and
Lesbian Pride Month,@ which was issued by the White House on June 2.
Clinton=s proclamation stressed
the record number of appointments to government posts of openly-lesbian and gay people during his
administration.
Clinton=s proclamation, issued late on a Friday afternoon, received scant attention from the
national media.
_Washington Times_, June 3.
The U.S. Small Business Administration, an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce, signed an
agreement on June 19 with the Association of Gay & Lesbian Community Centers under which the SBA
will provide a series of workshops at the various gay community centers around the country to assist lesbian
and gay entrepreneurs in learning how to obtain federal financial assistance for their community business
enterprises.
The workshops will cover such topics as how to apply for loans and how to secure contracts
and run a small business.
Although the agency has no special programs specifically targeted to gay
businesses, this program is seen as being similar to partnerships between SBA and the NAACP and the
Urban League.
The SBA had previously formed such a partnership last December with the National
Latina/Latino Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Organization (LLEGO). _Newsday_, June 20.
The Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority has converted a porter=s closet at its Reservoir Carhouse into a
unisex bathroom for use by an employee who is midway through transitioning from male to female identity.
Frequently blasted for its record of failing to prevent racial and sexual harassment among its employees, the
MBTA evidently released news of this $8,000 expenditure to prove how sensitive it is becoming to
individual employee rights.
A spokesperson told the press, AThe renovation was done because it=s
important to ensure a comfortable and stress-free workplace for all employees and we felt the best course
of action was to provide a third restroom.@ Sara Herwig, director of operations for the International
Foundation for Gender Equity, told the _Boston Herald_ (June 6) that Athe bathroom issue@ is the most
common problem for gender transitioning employees. AThe person who=s transitioning is absolutely stuck
in the middle with no place to go,@ she said.
ASome companies don=t understand that.@ MBTA=s
spokesperson said that the employer believed it had to make a Areasonable accommodation@ for this
employee, but that any employee was free to use the new facility if they wanted extra privacy.
A.S.L.
The American Medical Association House of Delegates, meeting in Chicago, approved a resolution
opposing purported therapy to Acure@ homosexuality, endorsing a position previously taken by the
American Psychiatric Association and the American Academy of Pediatrics. _American Political Network,
American Health Line_, vol. 6, no. 9 (June 15, 2000).
Momentum continues to build for voluntary extension of domestic partnership benefits by big business in the
U.S.
Coca-Cola Co., number 99 on the Fortune 500 list of the nation=s largest businesses, announced
June 22 that it will provide health benefits to same-sex domestic partners of employees, beginning January
1, 2001. _Atlanta Journal and Constitution_, June 23.
This followed closely on the announcement that the
ABig Three@ U.S. auto makers, Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler, have reached agreement with the
United Auto Workers Union to include domestic partnership benefits in the collective bargaining package
covering thousands of auto workers nationwide. _Wall Street Journal_, June 9.
The public sector also continues to expand partnership benefits.
On June 14, the Iowa Board of Regents
voted to expand its health insurance benefits in include assuming some of the cost of providing coverage to
same-sex partners of University of Iowa employees.
Since 1993, employees have been allowed to obtain
such coverage for their partners, but only on a totally contributory basis.
Now the University will make the
same contribution for same-sex partners as it makes for spouses.
The vote was 5-3, with one the dissenters
actually supporting partnership benefits but proclaiming that the proposal was discriminatory because it did
not include unmarried opposite-sex partners.
_Des Moines Register_, June 15. * * * Extension of benefits
is not without controversy.
Public benefits administrators in Kalamazoo, Michigan, extended benefits
administratively effective the end of May, leading to an uproarious City Commission meeting on June 5, at
which opponents of gay rights vowed to collect enough signatures to force a city referendum to repeal the
benefits plan.
_Kalamazoo Gazette_, June 6.
In an extraordinary sign of changing times, the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency held its first Gay Pride
celebration on June 6, with openly-gay Rep. Barney Frank as the keynote speaker.
The Director of Central
Intelligence, George J. Tenet, attended the event, which drew about 60 agency employees and a busload of
workers from the National Security Agency.
Frank, who has been campaigning to end official secrecy
about the budgets of the federal intelligence agencies, told the crowd: ALet me be clear.
I=ve not only been
trying to cut your budget, I=ve been trying to out your budget.@
A Clinton Executive Order of 1995
rescinded the 40-year old order banning employment of gays through the denial of security clearances, and
a special interest group of gay agency personnel was started in 1996.
_New York Times News Service_,
June 9.
The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) voted 268-251 on June 30 to adopt an
amendment to the church=s constitution that would forbid ministers from performing ceremonies of union for
same-sex couples.
The measure will take effect in June 2001 if it is ratified by 2/3 of the church=s regional
jurisdictions.
An alternative proposal that would have left the decision of whether to perform such
ceremonies up to the discretion of local pastors was narrowly defeated. _New York Times_, July 1 & 2.
There is something sinister about the press reports that Canadian researchers have concluded that gays and
lesbian are more likely than the population as a whole to be left-handed.
_Globe & Mail_, July 6.
The
news reports derived from a study published in the current issue of _Psychological Bulletin_, a journal
published by the American Psychological Association, based on research done by several psychologists in
Toronto, Canada.
This constitutes one more bit of confirmatory evidence for the proposition that sexual
orientation may be affected by a genetic or physiological component.
A pioneer activist for gay rights.
Faygele benMariam (formerly known as John F. Singer; his adopted name
literally means AGay Son of Miriam@in free translation from the Yiddish vernacular) died of cancer June 5
at his home in Seattle, Washington, age 55.
Under his former name, benMariam filed two significant
lawsuits, _Singer v. Hara_, 522 P.2d 1187 (Wash. App., Div. 1, 1974), an early unsuccessful attempt to
obtain a marriage license for a same-sex couple, and _Singer v. U.S. Civil Service Commission_, 530 F.2d
247 (9th Cir. 1976), vacated and remanded, 429 U.S. 1034 (1977), an ultimately successful attempt to
challenge his dismissal as a clerical worker at the Seattle office of the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission for being an outrageously openly gay man. (His discharge had more to do with his having filed
suit for the marriage license than for anything else, or so it appears from the published opinion in the case.)
BenMariam was also a founder of Seattle=s Gay Community Social Services organization in the early
1970s, according to a lengthy, quite colorful obituary story that appeared in the _Seattle Post-Intelligencer_
on June 7.
A.S.L.
Developments in European, U.K. and Canadian Law
European Union.
The 15-nation European Union is working on a Draft Charter of Fundamental Rights of
the European Union.
The most recent proposal for the non-discrimination article, 22(1), reads as follows:
AAny discrimination based on aspects such as sex, race, colour, ethnic or social origin, genetic features,
language, religion or belief, political or any other opinion, association with a national minority, property,
birth, disability, age or sexual orientation shall be prohibited.@
See
http://db.consilium.eu.int/df/default.asp?lang=en (ASearch,@ AShow All Documents@ beyond right edge of
screen, June 4 document by the Praesidium:
CHARTE 4333/00).
It seems likely that the Charter will be
adopted at the December 2000 summit of heads of government in Nice, but will not be a legally binding
document.
(Germany would like to see it become a legally binding part of a Constitution of the European
Union.
The United Kingdom is absolutely opposed to its being legally binding.)
The Charter will only apply
to European Union institutions and to Member States Awhen acting within the scope of Union law.@
While
regulation of various aspects of employment and intra-Union trade in goods and services comes within the
scope of Union law,
large areas of law, such as criminal and family law, are generally outside the scope of
Union law.
Whatever the European Union ends up doing, the European Convention on Human Rights of
the 41-nation Council of Europe is legally binding and has universal application to any act or omission of a
Member State in any area of law, including criminal and family law.
Council of Europe.
On 30 June, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe adopted
Recommendation 1470 (2000) on the ASituation of gays and lesbians and their partners in respect to
asylum and immigration in the member states of the Council of Europe.@
For the full text, see
http://stars.coe.fr/ta/ta00/erec1470.htm.
For excerpts from the draft (which was not amended), see [2000]
LGLN 60.
Scotland.
On June 21, the unicameral Scottish Parliament voted by 99-17 to give final approval to the
Ethical Standards in Public Life etc. (Scotland) Bill,
http://www.scottish.parliament.uk/parl_bus/legis.html#9.
Once the Bill receives Royal Assent, s. 25 of the
Act will repeal Section 28 for Scotland (no Aintentional promotion of homosexuality@ by local authorities),
and s. 26 of the Act will substitute a duty on local authorities Ato have regard to C (a) the value of stable
family life in a child=s development; and (b) the need to ensure that the content of instruction ... is
appropriate, having regard to each child=s age, understanding and stage of development.@
The large majority in favour of repeal resulted from a last-minute compromise, whereby guidance to be
issued to local authorities on sex education will require teachers to Aestablish an awareness of the
importance of stable family relationships, including the responsibilities of parenthood and marriage.@
This is
one of the key aims of sex education identified in para. 4.2 of the Scottish Executive's June 16 AReport of
the Working Group on Sex Education in Scottish Schools,@
http://www.scotland.gov.uk/library2/doc16/sess-00.asp.
Other key aims are to Aprovide opportunities for
young people to consider and reflect upon the range of attitudes to gender, sexuality and sexual orientation,
relationships and family life@ and Adevelop an appreciation of, and respect for, diversity and of the need to
avoid prejudice and discrimination.@
The Report also notes, at paras. 5.27-5.29, that A[a]ll young people
should be helped to understand, at an appropriate age, that different people can have different sexual
orientations. Teachers have an important role to play in enabling young people to consider such issues and
to discuss them in an open, sensitive and non-discriminatory way in order that all young people may develop
understanding of these differences. The central purpose should be to promote understanding and mutual
respect for one another, regardless of orientation. This approach is considered an important way of
encouraging respect for and valuing the diversity of, human life. ... [S]upport for a young person with
concerns about sexuality should not be considered to be promoting homosexuality; ... any suspicion of
bullying relating to sexual orientation ... should be referred to a member of the senior management team and
dealt with in accordance with the school=s anti-bullying policy.@
The first attempt to enforce Section 28 since it was enacted in 1988 ended on July 6 in the Scottish Court of
Session.
Sheila Strain, understood to have been backed by the Christian Institute of Newcastle, England,
had sought judicial review of Glasgow City Council's funding of HIV or gay and lesbian organizations.
Although she was denied an interim injunction, Glasgow City Council had voluntarily suspended funding to
ten organizations.
At the full hearing, she withdrew her petition, citing an agreement with the Council that the
covering letter accompanying future grant payments would state that grants are not Afor the purpose of
promoting homosexuality.@
She was ordered to pay the costs of the Council and the organizations.
Canada.
The Modernization of Benefits and Obligations Act, Statutes of Canada 2000, Chapter 12,
http://www.parl.gc.ca/cgi-bin/36/pb_gob.pl?e#C-23, [2000] LGLN 39, 60, was passed without
amendment by the Senate and received Royal Assent on June 29.
The Act extends all the existing rights
and obligations of unmarried different-sex couples in federal law to same-sex couples, and extends most of
the remaining rights and obligations of married couples in federal law to all Acommon-law partners.@
A
major step in the legal and political process that led to the Act was the Supreme Court's decision in _Egan
and Nesbit v. Canada_, [1995] 2 S.C.R. 513.
Jim Egan and Jack Nesbit, partners since 1948, achieved
partial success in their challenge to a discriminatory definition of spouse, in relation to a pension benefit, that
included unmarried different-sex but not same-sex couples.
Bill C-23 had its first reading in the House of
Commons on Feb. 11, shortly before Jim Egan died, aged 78, on March 9.
The bill had its third and final
reading in the Senate on June 14, shortly before Jack Nesbit died, aged 72, on June 23.
The 52nd
anniversary of their exchanging rings would have been August 23. _Robert Wintemute_
Other International Law Notes
The Ministry of the Interior of Israel will recognize same-sex partners for immigration purposes, according
to a story in _Hazman Ha-Varod_, an Israeli gay monthly that was recently distributed to the Queerlaw
listserver on the Internet.
In an article by Aeyal Gross, a legal advisor to the Agudah, the gay rights
movement=s umbrella organization in Israel, the publication reports that during a meeting with Interior
Ministry officials and Knesset representatives attended by leaders of the Agudah, the official responsible for
residency permits, Batya Carmon, stated that gays or lesbians with same-sex foreign partners should apply
for temporary residency permits for the partners, disclosing the true nature of the relationship, and one year
work permits will be granted, which can be renewed up to four times, at which point a permanent residency
application can be made and will most likely be granted.
Carmon indicated that in some instances people
may have feared disclosing the background of a relationship, resulting in hurting their request because the
Ministry was thus not aware of the true nature of the situation.
Agudah representatives are asking the
Ministry for further clarification, and are suggesting that the period of temporary residency being required
before permanent status can be granted is excessive by comparison to opposite-sex couples. _Ha=zman
Ha-Varod_, No. 39, March 2000.
There were press reports on July 8 that law enforcement officials of the People=s Republic of China have
begun a crackdown on gay men in southern China with the arrest of 37 men at a bodybuilding gym in
Guangzhou, allegedly for prostitution.
According to the _South China Morning Post_, this is part of a
Anationwide campaign@ instigated by President Jiang Zemin last month in an order to local governments to
fight against Asocial maladies@ such as prostitution and homosexuality.
An undercover police operative
claimed that the gym was actually a gay male brothel, but other sources indicated that gyms are among the
few meeting places for gay men in a society that is severely sexually repressive.
While the Boy Scouts of America (U.S.) has stoutly resisted allowing openly lesbian and gay people to be
members, Scouts Canada has chartered Rover Troop 129 in Toronto, described as Athe world=s first gay
and lesbian scout troop.@ ARovers@ is the Canadian designation of troops for young men and women ages
18 to 26.
The troop began operations June 18 with two women and four men enrolled.
(Another
significant difference between Canada and the U.S.: In the U.S., the Boy Scouts of America has staunchly
fought off lawsuits by girls who want to be members; Scouts Canada is a co-ed organization and all troops
allow both girls and boys, men and women, to participate.) _Globe and Mail_, June 19.
An independent review panel appointed by Canadian Justice Minister Anne McLellan to make
recommendations for changes to Canada=s Human Rights Act has issued its report, pushing 165 different
changes to the Act.
Among them, and one of a handful to spur press discussion, was to add Agender
identity@ to the list of prohibited grounds of discrimination.
The Act already has been interpreted to prohibit
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
_Calgary Sun_, June 22.
The Ontario Human Rights
Commission decided not to wait for legislation on the issue, announcing that it will accept complaints of
discrimination on the basis of gender identity, arguing that such claims are cognizable under the province=s
Human Rights Code as sex discrimination. _Daily Labor Report_ No. 122, 6/23/00, A-5/6.
Planet Out News reported June 9 that the British Columbia, Canada, Supreme Court ruled June 8 that a
transgendered plaintiff could bring a sex discrimination suit under the province=s human rights law.
Kimberly Nixon was dismissed from a volunteer program run by the Vancouver Rape Relief Society on
grounds that she is a man.
In 1997, Rape Relief obtained an exemption from the sex discrimination
provisions of the B.C. Human Rights Code in order to maintain a women-only hiring policy.
Nixon, who is
a postoperative male-to-female transsexual, identifies herself as a woman, and claims she was wrongly
excluded from the program.
The Human Rights Commission concluded in 1999 that she had stated a valid
claim, but Rape Relief appealed to the Supreme Court, which has now backed up the Commission and
ordered a trial on Nixon=s complaint against the Society.
Nixon=s attorney, barbara findlay, claims this is
the first court ruling in Canada to extend protection to transgendered individuals under existing human rights
legislation.
Judge Michael Hyam of the Criminal Court in London, England, sentenced David Copeland, 24, to six life
sentences for his action of planting nail bombs in three locations, targeted at the black, Bangladeshi and gay
communities.
Three people were killed when one of Copeland=s bombs exploded on April 30, 1999, at a
gay bar in London=s Soho entertainment district, and 70 people were injured.
Copeland expressed no
remorse for his acts, affirming his disdain for gays, blacks, and Bangladeshi immigrants, and sought to
defend his action by pleading mental defect, but the jury convicted on all counts. _National Post_, July 1.
The government of Israel has asked for an expanded panel of the High Court of Justice to reconsider the
decision issued by a three-judge panel in _Berner-Kadish v. Minister of the Interior_ (May 29).
In that
case, the panel found that the Interior Ministry did not have discretion to refuse to register a lesbian co-
parent and her adoptive child.
The government is now arguing that it was improper for the court to answer
Aquestions which raise serious social and moral issues involving the concept of family law and adoption law
in Israel,@ asserting that such issues must first be addressed by the political branch of the government.
_Washington Blade_ (June 23), reporting based on an article in the _Jerusalem Post_.
The _New York Times_ reported June 10 that the Brazilian government has extended de facto recognition
to same-sex relationships by granting same-sex couples the right to inherit each other=s pension and social
security benefits.
A broader measure to establish civil partnerships for same-sex couples has been pending
in the Brazilian Congress for five years.
The _Washington Blade_ also reported June 23 that the Republic of Cyprus has amended its sex-crimes
laws to remove derogatory references to gay people.
The country had repealed its ban on homosexual sex
in 1998 in order to avoid expulsion from the Council of Europe, but had included derogatory language in the
repeal measure, leaving open the possibility of further prosecution for gays.
The new legislation ends that
threat.
The former Soviet Republic of Azerbaijan, whose application for membership in the Council of Europe and
the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has been pending, has moved to decriminalize
consensual sodomy between men as part of an overall penal code reform that is seen as a prerequisite to
gaining admission to the European community.
A special edition of the Parliament=s newspaper, published
on May 28, reported that old Article 113, the Soviet-era law against anal intercourse between men, has
been replaced with a new Article 150, which bans only forcible sex acts, according to a press release
distributed by the International Lesbian and Gay Association on June 24.
Planet Out reported June 24 that the German ruling coalition of the Social Democrats and the Green Party
reached agreement on a draft law to establish registered partnerships for same-sex couples.
Although the
conservative Christian Democratic Union has traditionally opposed such proposals, its new leader, Angela
Merkel, is reported to be a supporter of same-sex partnership rights, unlike her predecessor, former
Chancellor Helmut Kohl. The London _Daily Telegraph_ reported on July 5 that the proposed law would
give same-sex couples the same benefits under tax and social security programs as are afforded married
couples, but would not create a status akin to marriage for other purposes.
The _New York Times_
reported on July 8 that the proposal had been formally introduced in the legislature the previous day.
The Romanian Chamber of Deputies voted June 28 to decriminalize private homosexual conduct, but
maintained in the criminal code a provision setting prison terms of up to five years for Aabnormal sexual
practices, including oral and anal sex, if performed in public.@
Local activists argued that even though the
provision is not limited to same-sex conduct, the reference to oral and anal sex is intended to target gays.
The measure must still be approved by the Senate before it can become law. _Reuters_, June 29.
A.S.L.
Professional Notes
In its June 12 issue, the _National Law Journal_ included Evan Wolfson, Lambda Legal Defense Fund
attorney, in its list of the 100 most influential lawyers in the Untied States, citing Wolfson=s leadership in the
right-to-marry battle and his recent Supreme Court argument in _Boy Scouts of America v. Dale_.
The nation=s newest openly lesbian or gay judge is Mary Celeste, who was appointed to the Denver
(Colorado) County Court by Mayor Wellington Webb and was sworn into office on June 26. _Denver
Post_, June 27.
A Massachusetts attorney who is a former assistant attorney general and currently serves in the
Massachusetts State Senate, Cheryl A. Jacques, wrote an op-ed article published in the _Boston Globe_
on June 1, identifying herself publicly as a lesbian for the first time.
Jacques is presently serving her fourth
legislative term.
She wrote the op-ed piece in opposition to the activities of a conservative parents= group
that had secretly taped graphic sexual statements made at a workshop for gay teenagers conducted by
employees of the state health department who have since been discharged as a result of the controversy.
AAs a gay person, I understand the tremendous pressure these young people feel,@ Jacques wrote.
She
has been described as a Arising star@ in Massachusetts politics.
_Worcester Telegram & Gazette_, June 2.
Lambda staff attorney Suzanne Goldberg has announced that she is leaving the organization to take
up an
appointment to the faculty of Rutgers University Law School in Newark, New Jersey. Goldberg joined the
Lambda staff in 1991 and worked on many important lawsuits, most notably _Romer v. Evans_, the
landmark U.S. Supreme Court case.
She is co-author of a book about that litigation.
David Schwacke, an openly-gay prosecutor in Charleston, South Carolina, who is an avowed Republican,
lost his bid for a third term in a contested primary campaign.
His opponent, Ralph Hoisington, who
campaigned under the slogan AFor our families@, defeated Schwacke by 255 votes out of 29, 915 cast.
_Salt Lake Tribune_, June 16; _The Record_, Northern N.J., June 16
At a ceremony held June 21 at the Ellis Island Immigration Museum in New York Harbor, the American
Foundation for AIDS Research presented a special recognition award to the ACLU AIDS & Civil Liberties
Project for its pioneering work on legal issues arising from the epidemic.
Nan Hunter, William Rubenstein
and Matt Coles, the first, second and third directors of the Project, were all on hand to receive recognition
for their work.
During the American Bar Association=s summer meeting held in New York early in July, the National
Lesbian and Gay Law Association presented its annual AAllies for Justice@ award to Maryland=s
governor,
Parris N. Glendening, for his outspoken advocacy for lesbian and gay rights.
The award was
presented at a reception jointly sponsored with the ABA=s Section on Individual Rights and
Responsibilities.
Gov. Glendening has taken a leadership role in the struggle to enact a law banning sexual
orientation discrimination in Maryland, but his efforts have been thwarted thus far by conservative leaders in
the State Senate.
A.S.L.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL NOTES
Supreme Court Passes Up Chance to Clarify _Bragdon_ Ruling
On June 19, the U.S. Supreme Court denied a petition for certiorari in _County of San Diego v.
McAlindin_, 2000 WL 462822.
In the decision below, _McAlindin v. County of San Diego_, 201 F.3d
1211 (9th Cir. 2000), amending 192 F.3d 1226 (9th Cir. 1999), the court of appeals found that a man who
was taking medication for a non-disabling condition was nonetheless a person with a disability because the
medication affected his virility, and being able to engage in sexual intercourse involves a major life activity.
In its historic _Bragdon v. Abbott_ decision (118 S.Ct. 2196 (1998)), the Supreme Court had ruled that a
woman with HIV-infection was a Aperson with a disability@ under the Americans With Disabilities Act (and
thus protected from discriminatory refusal of treatment by her dentist) because of the impact HIV-infection
would have on her reproductive ability.
In _McAlindin_, the 9th Circuit had expanded on this to find that a
physical impairment affecting the ability to engage in sexual intercourse thus qualified as a disability under the
ADA.
The precedent may be useful to asymptomatic HIV-infected persons who had not been planning on
having children through sexual reproduction, but who nonetheless are restricted in their sexual activity
because of their HIV-infection.
It is refreshing to have judges acknowledging that engaging in sex is a major
life activity.
A.S.L.
California Supreme Court Holds Incontestability Clause Trumps Benefits Definition in Disability Insurance
Policy
The California Supreme Court has ruled that an insurance company may not deny disability benefits to a
policyholder with AIDS just because he did not disclose that he had tested positive for HIV before buying
the insurance. _Galanty v. Paul Revere Life Ins. Co._, 2000 WL 777759 (June 19).
The court concluded
that the insurance policy, which contained language excluding coverage for preexisting conditions, conflicted
with a California law that limits an insurer's ability to contest coverage once the policy has been in effect for
more than two years.
The plaintiff, Mark Galanty, bought a disability insurance policy from the Paul Revere Life Insurance
Company in the fall of 1988. One year earlier, Galanty had tested HIV+, but did not reveal this fact on his
insurance application.
(Prior to 1989, California law prohibited insurance companies from denying
insurance coverage based on the results of an HIV blood test, so the application forms did not request this
information.)
Approximately five years after he bought the policy, Galanty presented a claim to Paul Revere
for disability benefits due to AIDS and a related neurological condition that prevented him from continuing
to work as a court reporter.
Paul Revere initially granted Galanty's claim and began paying benefits. However, after investigating the
history of Galanty's HIV status, the company denied further benefits on the ground that his disability
stemmed from a condition he had prior to obtaining the insurance policy. Paul Revere=s insurance policy
limited coverage to disabilities caused by Asickness or disease which first manifests itself after the Date of
Issue and while Your Policy is still in force,@ and excluded coverage for preexisting conditions.
Galanty sued Paul Revere for breach of the insurance contract and several related tort and statutory claims.
The California Superior Court granted Paul Revere's motion for summary judgment, and the appellate court
affirmed, concluding that the policy issued to Galanty excluded coverage for his AIDS- related disability.
The Supreme Court reversed, holding that the policy provisions relied upon by Paul Revere were
unenforceable as a matter of law because they were inconsistent with state mandated Aincontestability
clauses.@
Under California law (and the law of many other states), all disability insurance policies must
contain either one of two statutorily prescribed incontestability clauses, both of which prohibit an insurer
from disclaiming coverage for preexisting conditions once the policy has been in effect for two years.
(One
of the two versions permits insurers to disclaim coverage even after two years if the policyholder made
Afraudulent misstatements@ on her or his application.
Galanty's policy did not contain this exclusion, nor did
Paul Revere allege that Galanty had procured his insurance through fraud.)
The court rejected Paul
Revere's strained interpretation of the statutory incontestability clauses, which would allow insurers to deny
coverage for a preexisting condition that Ahad manifested itself@ prior to the issuance of the policy.
According to the court, the statute does not distinguish between preexisting conditions that had manifested
themselves prior to the issuance of a policy and those that had not. AIn saying that something exists, one
does not normally entertain unarticulated mental reservations about manifestation,@ the court noted almost
existentially.
The court went on to reject Paul Revere's concern that a ruling in favor of Galanty would reward dishonest
insurance applicants: AOnly an insurer like Paul Revere in the case before us, that chooses to forego both
contractual protection against fraud and timely verification of the insured's medical condition, runs the risk of
having to pay a claim that may turn out to be related to a sickness that first manifested itself before the
policy's inception date.
Under these circumstances, there is nothing unfair in the Legislature's evident policy
judgment that any risk of fraud is outweighed, after the period of contestability has run, by the need to
protect the value of the policy to the insured and to reduce litigation.@
The court remanded the case to the superior court for a ruling on the merits of Galanty=s contract claim and
to adjudicate the plaintiff's claims for bad faith and emotional distress.
California has become the sixth state to interpret state-mandated incontestability clauses in favor of
policyholders.
Only the Supreme Court of New Jersey has resolved the issue of preexisting conditions in
favor of insurance companies.
Lower courts from other states remain split on the issue.
The plaintiff was represented by former Lambda staff attorney Mary Newcombe, of
Caldwell, Leslie,
Newcombe & Pettit, and the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund.
Amicus briefs on behalf of
Galanty were filed by entities including the Department of Insurance of the State of California, the AIDS
Project Los Angeles, the California Women's Law Center, and the Western Law Center for Disability
Rights.
Paul Revere was represented by Berger & Wolen.
The American Council for Life Insurers filed an
amicus brief on behalf of Paul Revere. _Ian Chesir-Teran_
Ohio Appeals Court Voids Felonious Assault Conviction of HIV+ Man, Finding Intent Lacking Under
Superseded Statute
In a 2-1 ruling, the Ohio Court of Appeals reversed the felonious assault conviction of an HIV+ man who,
knowing of his HIV status, had unprotected sex with a 13-year-old girl. _State of Ohio v. Couturier_, 2000
WL 780936 (Ohio App. 10 Dist., June 20, 2000).
Henry Couturier was convicted of three counts of corruption of a minor, corrupting another with drugs, and
felonious assault.
The felonious assault charge alleged that Couturier Adid knowingly cause or attempt to
cause physical harm to
[J.L.] by means of a deadly weapon, to wit:
HIV infection.
In May 1998,
Couturier provided marijuana to J.L. twice. Afterwards, Couturier asked J.L. if she wanted to Ago the
bedroom.@
The court noted that J.L. worked as a prostitute and was a crack cocaine addict. They
engaged in vaginal sex
three times.
Couturier
wore a new
condom each time.
He then engaged in
intercourse without a condom.
J.L. later tested positive for HIV.
She said that she had only had
unprotected sex with Couturier and her boyfriend, and since the boyfriend tested negative for HIV, she
concluded that she had contracted it from Couturier.
Couturier claimed that
the prosecution presented insufficient evidence to uphold
the felonious assault
charge.
The prosecution
used
a definition of a deadly weapon under R.C. 2923.11(A) which reads:
A...any instrument, device, or thing capable of
inflicting death, and designed or specially adapted for use as
a weapon, or possessed, carried, or used as a weapon.
Judge Tyack, writing for the majority, found that Ano proof indicates that HIV was designed or specially
adapted for use as a weapon.
The virus is one which has apparently evolved naturally over a significant
period of time.@
Judge Tyack also found that there was no proof that Couturier Aknowingly tried to use
HIV to harm anyone else.@
Morally, the court found that Couturier's Aconduct is arguably little if any better
whether he intended to harm J.L. or not.@
Tyack noted that the Ohio Legislature had amended R.C. 2903.11, so that Afuture offenders will potentially
face felonious assault convictions for conduct similar to that which occurred here.@ However, the statute
could not be applied retroactively.
Consequently, the felonious assault portion of the conviction had to be
set aside.
Couturier asserted that the prosecutors made reference to him having Afull blown AIDS@ during the closing
statement, along with other statements which deprived him of due process rights.
While agreeing that the
comments were inappropriate, especially in the context of a trial involving such sensitive topics as
AIDS and HIV, the court found that they were ultimately not prejudicial.
Dissenting from the reversal of the conviction, Judge Lazarus wrote that Aa person's mental state must often
be determined from the surrounding facts and circumstances and that persons are presumed to have
intended the natural, reasonable and probable consequences of their voluntary acts.@ _Daniel Schaffer_
Minnesota Appeals Court Upholds Policy of Deferring Gay Men Who Have Had Sex As Blood Donors
In a unanimous opinion, the Minnesota Court of Appeals overturned a determination by the Minneapolis
Human Rights Commission that a plasma centered violated the public accommodations law by refusing to
take donations of plasma from a gay man.
_Johnson v. Plasma Alliance_, 2000 WL 665603 (May 23)
(unpublished disposition).
When Edward Johnson attempted to donate plasma at the Plasma Alliance Center in St. Paul in 1989, he
checked Ayes@ on the intake form in response to the question whether he had sex with another many since
1977, and he was turned away as a donor.
When he attempted to donate again in 1993, he was turned
away because his name was now on a list of permanently-rejected donors as a Asuspect male
homosexual.@
Johnson filed a complaint with the state human rights department, which found no violation.
He then went to the Minneapolis Department of Civil Rights, which determined that he had suffered sexual
orientation discrimination and awarded him $31,474.16 in compensatory damages and $20,757.84 in costs,
disbursements and attorney fees.
This large a sum got Plasma Alliance=s attention (they apparently had
ignored discovery requests in connection with the Civil Rights department=s investigation of Johnson=s
charges), and they promptly appealed.
Writing for the court, Judge Schumacher found that the department=s decision was Aarbitrary and
capricious@ because it contained no analysis whatsoever, merely a conclusory statement that Plasma
Alliance had discriminated.
Furthermore, Schumacher found that Johnson was not qualified to donate
plasma, because federal regulations specify that any man who has had sex with another man since 1977 not
be allowed to make a donation for fear of HIV contamination of the nation=s blood supply.
That the
federal regulation in question was generated in the mid-1980s and has been rendered archaic by subsequent
developments in refining blood testing was not discussed by the court, because the mid-1980s regulation is
still in effect.
(In a concurring opinion, Judge Anderson criticized the failure of the Minneapolis civil rights
department to give any consideration to the possibility that their jurisdiction in this matter might be
preempted by federal law governing the operation of plasma centers.)
Judge Schumacher emphasized that Johnson was not being deferred as a donor because of sexual
orientation, as such, but rather due to behavior, having admitted in 1989 that he fell within the behaviorally-
defined class specified by the federal government as ineligible to donate.
Schumacher also noted that the
department=s opinion provided no basis or explanation for the damage award, which was apparently
premised on the idea that Johnson could have earned big bucks by making frequent plasma donations to the
Center over the remainder of his natural life.
The opinion is undoubtedly correct on the law, but illustrates the continuing unsuitability of the present state
of federal regulation on blood donations and HIV.
When this regulation was promulgated in 1986,
screening of blood and plasma for the presence of HIV was at a very primitive stage of development.
By
the mid to late 1990s, the testing technology available to blood banks was far enough advanced to make the
cautious assumptions underlying the federal policy quite outmoded, although recent meetings within the
Food and Drug Administration aimed at rethinking the policy have not yet produced any change.
Nonetheless, at a time of acute shortages of blood, reaching crisis levels in many parts of the country, the
overly-broad deferral category of every man who has had sex, even once, with another man at any time in
the past 23 years seems extraordinarily overbroad.
A.S.L.
Strict Construction of Insurance Law Bars Rescission of Disability Policy
Adopting a strict construction of California Insurance Code sec. 10350.2, U.S. District Judge Walker ruled
that an insurance company=s incontestability clause, which combined elements of the two forms of
contestability clause permitted by the Code, was invalid and should be replaced by the version most
favorable to the claimant, a person with AIDS. _Standard Insurance Co. v. Carls_, 2000 WL 769222
(N.D.Cal., June 9, 2000).
Martin Carls applied for disability insurance from Standard Insurance Co. on April 4, 1996.
In his
application form, he ticked off Ano@ to a long list of symptoms, as well as the question whether he was
taking any prescription medication, and stated that his only doctor visits in the past five years had been for
routine checkups.
He was issued the policy with an effective date of June 12, 1996.
On February 2, 1999,
less than three years later, Carls filed a claim under the policy, claiming he had been totally disabled due to
AIDS symptoms.
Standard investigated at that time, decided that Carls= application had been fraudulent,
and denied benefits.
Standard also filed suit for rescission of the policy in federal court, and moved
promptly for summary judgment.
Carls opposed the motion and filed his own cross-motion for summary
judgment, asserting that his claim, filed after the two-year contestability period, could not be rejected by
Standard, and that standard was precluded from challenging his application for fraud.
In the alternative,
Carls disputed Standard=s factual allegations about his application, alleging that material facts were disputed
precluding summary judgment on Standard=s claim of fraud.
Carls first argued that a strict construction of Insurance Code sec. 10381.5 would provide that he could not
be bound by the statements in his application unless a copy of the application Ais attached to or endorsed
on the policy when issued as part thereof.@ Carls argued that since a copy of his application was not
attached to the policy that was issued to him, Standard could not rely upon the application to effect a
rescission.
Judge Walker rejected this argument, finding that the policy essentially incorporated the
application by reference, which came within the statutory requirement in the phrase Aendorsed on the
policy.@
Carls= second, and successful, argument, was that the incontestability clause contained in Standard=s
policy, which made an express exception to the two-year incontestability period for fraud claims, violated
the Insurance Code and could not be enforced against him.
The Insurance Code allows insurers two use
either of two forms, Form A or Form B.
Form A states that after two years from date of issue, Ano
misstatements, except fraudulent misstatements, made by the applicant. . .shall be used to void the policy or
to deny a claim for loss incurred or disability (as defined in the policy) commencing after the expiration of
such two-year period.@ Form B states: AAfter this policy has been in force for a period of two years during
the lifetime of the insured (excluding any period during which the insured is disabled), it shall become
incontestable as to the statements contained in the application.@
Standard=s policy contains a provision labeled ATime Limit On Certain Defenses@ which states: AAfter
two years from the later of this policy=s effective and its most recent reinstatement date, no misstatements,
except fraudulent misstatements, made by You or the Owner, in the application for the policy or for
Reinstatement, shall be used to rescind the policy or Deny a claim for disability starting after the end of such
two-year period.
Calculation of the two-year period excludes any time you are disabled.@
The court, relying on prior court decisions, found that generally insurers use Form B, since Form A makes
the policy Aless marketable.@ Carls also noted that Form B is advantageous to insurers because the
standard for rescission on the basis of misstatement under the law is materiality, but under Form A, once the
two-year period expires, the insurance contract becomes incontestable except upon proof of fraudulent
misstatements, so, Carls argued, Form A preserved a more limited right to rescind on the basis of
misstatements than that available before the running of the contestability period.
Under Form B, on the
other hand, an insurer would be able to rescind the policy after the two-year period for any material
misstatement, regardless of fraudulent intent, provided the disability arose during the two-year period.
Since
it is often difficult to prove fraudulent intent, Carls argued, reserving the right to contest for non-fraudulent
but material misrepresentations is of value to insurers.
Carls argued that Standard=s form Aincorporates the
insurer-friendly aspects of both Form A and form B,@ and thus violates the provision.
Walker found that Carls= argument Ahas merit.
Section 10350.2 gives insurers a choice of two
incontestability clauses, each with its own advantages and disadvantages.
But Standard has adopted a
hybrid clause that attempts to eliminate the latter.
This approach, while obviously in Standard=s interest, is
not within the bounds of California law.@ Walker also found that the commissioner=s having approved
Standard=s forms did not create any safe harbor, because the Insurance Code does not expressly authorize
the Commissioner to approve variations in the Code=s requirements on contestability clauses.
Finally, Walker found that in the absence of an enforceable clause, the court is supposed to use the
approved form of the clause that the insurer most likely would have selected.
Standard argued it would
have selected Form A, pointing to the reservation of the right to rescind for fraudulent misrepresentation in
the clause that it used.
But Walker found ACarls= suggestion of applying Form B more appropriate.
First
and foremost, it is in keeping with the well-established principle that uncertainty in an insurance policy should
be resolved against its drafter. . .
The court concludes that in this instance, in which an insurer has injected
uncertainty into a policy by attempting to adopt the insurer-friendly aspects of alternative statutory
provisions, the insurer should not be permitted to rely on the language that suits its needs in a particular
case.@
Consequently, since the court would use Form B, the insurer could not deny a claim or rescind after the
two-year period based on allegation of fraudulent misrepresentations in the application, and Standard=s
motions must be denied while Carls= motion must be granted.
Judge Walker never mentions the basis for federal jurisdiction in this case, so one surmises it is diversity, as
no federal statute or constitutional claim is involved.
And that points to the most likely explanation for what
may appear a rather bizarre case.
Standard is a national insurance company that undoubtedly uses its own
standard, insurer-friendly contestability clause, regardless of which state it is dealing in for a particular
applicant.
State laws differ as to what they will allow or require regarding contestability of insurance
policies.
Standard apparently has not adjusted its provisions to make forms for use in different states.
One
doubts that it adopted the particular form noted in this case for the purpose of evading California=s law, but
rather in the hope that it would, by including familiar elements from many state laws, ultimately be
enforceable everywhere.
This case teaches the tough lesson (and expensive) lesson to insurers: they may
have to develop different forms for use in different states if they want to contest fraudulently-obtained
policies.
A.S.L.
Federal Court Precludes HIV+ Belizian From Raising Necessity Defense in Deportation Case
U.S. District Judge Schwartz issued an order on May 31 precluding Errol Crown, an HIV+ native of Belize
who was indicted for illegal reentry into the U.S., from raising a necessity defense based on his health status,
or from even mentioning HIV or AIDS during his trial.
_United States v. Crown_, 2000 WL 709003.
Crown, who had been deported and illegally reentered the U.S. several times, claimed that at his most
recent deportation he had only a two week supply of his AIDS medication, and that such medication was
not available in Belize, so he had to return to the U.S.
Judge Schwartz found that the necessity defense requirements could not be met in this case, because Crown
had two viable alternatives to illegal reentry.
First, he could apply for lawful reentry, and second, he could
go to some other country where AIDS medication was more available than in Belize.
Both suggestions
strike this writer as inherently implausible.
If the man had only a two-week supply for medication available,
an application for reentry was unlikely to produce a positive result in time to prevent him from suffering
permanent medical injury due to an interruption of his medication, and in light of Mr. Crown=s history, as
detailed in the opinion, it seems highly unlikely that the Justice Department would have granted his
application.
Crown pointed out that the only countries in which he had ever lived were Belize and the U.S.,
and that he knew nobody in any other country, rendering quite impractical the suggestion that he go
somewhere else for his medication.
He also said that the forms he was given at the time of his prior
deportation were confusing and contradictory and did not adequately inform him of his options, but
Schwartz dismissed this objection, stating that Athe fact that defendant finds the INS form confusing, and
the fact that his reentry application might have been denied does not undermine the legal validity of the
application procedure as an alternative to illegal entry.@
Judge Schwartz also ruled that Crown could not present any evidence before the jury at his trial about his
HIV/AIDS status, because such evidence might elicit sympathy from the jury and cause them to fail properly
to apply the immigration statute to his case.
One could drop a few comments here about the inhumanity of U.S. immigration policies with respect to
aliens with HIV, but one will refrain.
A.S.L.
AIDS Litigation Notes: Criminal
The N.Y. Court of Appeals ruled June 15 in _People of the State of New York v. David W._, 2000 WL
769758, 2000 N.Y. Slip Op. 05853, that a person convicted of a sex offense in New York has a
constitutional right to a due process hearing before being classified as a sexually violent predator under New
York=s version of AMegan=s Law,@ known as the Sex Offender Registration Act (SORA).
The court
reversed the conviction of a man who had refused to register, where an administrative determination had
been made without hearing that he was required to do so.
David W. had been convicted on a guilty plea of
2nd degree sodomy and sexual abuse in the first degree in May 1995 and sentenced to 90 days in jail and
five years probation.
SORA was enacted while he was serving his probation, and there was never a formal
hearing on the question of his classification.
The California Supreme Court has affirmed the voluntary manslaughter conviction Ricardo Rios.
_People of
California v. Rios_, 2000 WL 862845.
Rios and a male friend were accosted by two drunken men outside
of Rios=s house in San Diego.
The men called Rios and his friend Afucking faggots@.
Testimony differs
about the degree to which Rios was in danger or might have been in danger from being attacked, but after
firing a warning shot from a handgun he was carrying, he shot one of the men in the face after the man did
not retreat.
Rios was first prosecuted for murder; the jury acquitted him, but deadlocked on the lesser-
included offense of manslaughter.
Rios was retried and convicted of manslaughter, and sentenced to eleven
years.
His sentence was affirmed by the court of appeal and the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court
opinion is devoted to discussing Rios=s claim that the jury was not properly instructed on the elements of
manslaughter.
The opinion provides a detailed discussion of the manslaughter elements in California and
concludes that the jury was adequately instructed.
The California Court of Appeal ruled in _In re On Habeas Corpus of Rosenkrantz, Terhune v. Superior Ct.
of Los Angeles County_, 95 Cal. Rptr. 2d 279, 80 Cal. App. 4th 409 (2nd Dist., Div. 1, April 27, 2000),
that the continued refusal of the California Parole Board to recommend parole for Robert Rosenkrantz was
an abuse of discretion.
Rosenkrantz had murdered a man who Aouted@ Rosenkrantz to his father, at a time
when Rosenkrantz, a high school senior, was under intense emotional stress.
He was sentenced to 15 years
to life, and has served the minimum 15 years, becoming a model prisoner, and avowing that he has matured,
come to terms with his homosexuality, and learned to response gracefully to stressful situations without
violence.
Despite recommendations from a variety of official sources, however, the Parole Board continued
to recommend against parole.
The court found that this time around there had been absolutely no
justification for the Board=s decision, and remanded.
On June 30, the Board set a release date for
Rosenkrantz and sent the matter to Gov. Gray Davis.
Davis had previously announced that in general he
would refuse to grant parole to any person convicted of murder in California, but Davis has issued no
comment about this latest development in the Rosenkrantz case.
Rosenkrantz=s attorney, Rowan Klein,
announced that if the governor denied parole, Klein would file a new lawsuit against the governor on his
client=s behalf. _Los Angeles Times_, July 1.
The Louisiana Court of Appeal, 4th Circuit, rejected a contention that a life sentence for drug trafficking was
unconstitutionally excessive in the case of man with full-blown AIDS.
_State of Louisiana v. Alford_, 2000
WL 768854 (June 14).
Most of the opinion is taken up with defendant Charles Alford=s various
contentions going to the merits of his conviction.
Because he was a third-time offender, a life sentence was
authorized under the applicable laws.
The sentencing report set out the defendant=s history of drug
offenses, noted that he had been HIV+ for at least four years and had developed AIDS, and that his mother
had expressed concern that he would die in prison.
But the court found that as a third-time defender who
was not eligible for the intensive/incarceration program, there was no basis to find any constitutional defect
in his life sentence.
Butler County, Ohio, Common Pleas Judge Michael Sage has sentenced Gary L. Cooper, Jr., an HIV+
man, to 20 years in prison for the rape and felonious assault of a thirteen-year old boy who was infected
with HIV as a result of Cooper=s actions.
Cooper, age 40, was infected with HIV in 1988, and had been
accused of a series of assaults on the boy beginning in 1997 and extending through 1999.
Judge Sage also
classified Cooper as a sexual predator, which means that under Ohio law, if he lives to be released from
prison, he would have to report to the sheriff=s department quarterly and his neighbors would be notified of
his sexual predator status. _Cincinnati Enquirer_, June 15, 2000.
The Tennessee Court of Criminal Appeals has rejected a challenge to a five year prison term for a man who
was convicted of the voluntary manslaughter of his HIV+ cousin.
_State of Tennessee v. Makuach_, 2000
WL 711149 (June 2).
Defendant and victim were cousins who immigrated to the United States from
Sudan, and they were living together in an apartment complex in Nashville.
They both believed that the
victim had contracted HIV.
An altercation occurred between them on July 24, 1998, during which the
victim was brutally beaten to death.
At his trial, the defendant claimed that the victim was trying to kill
himself and began bleeding profusely from a self-inflicted knife wound; when the defendant tried to disarm
the victim, the victim cut him and spit blood at him.
The defendant claims he pushed the victim in self
defense, they both fell to the floor, and the victim hit his head on a doorknob and bled to death.
The
medical examiner=s report thoroughly disproved the defendant=s testimony, indicating the victim suffered at
least 20 to 24 blunt force blows and was massively injured in ways totally inconsistent with the defendant=s
testimony.
Nonetheless, on appeal Mucic argued that his belief that the victim was HIV+ and that he was
wielding a knife, taken together, were sufficient as a matter of law to excuse his conduct.
The court found,
based on the evidence, that the trial court did not err in refusing to find a mitigating factor along the lines of
defendant=s argument.
A.S.L.
Homeless HIV+ Challenge Adequacy of NY AIDS Services Housing
The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York denied a preliminary injunction, sought by
five HIV+ homeless plaintiffs and Housing Works, Inc., that would have required significant changes in the
way New York City houses HIV+ homeless people. _Wright v. Giuliani_,
2000 WL 777940 (June 14).
Proposing to bring a class action on behalf of all city residents with AIDS and symptomatic HIV, the
plaintiffs asserted that the emergency housing administered by the Human Resources Administration Division
of AIDS Services Income Support (DASIS) is unsuitable for persons with compromised immune systems in
violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Rehabilitation Act, implementing regulations, the
New York Administrative Code (DASIS Law) and a common law duty of care.
Some of the plaintiffs take
medications that require refrigeration and that they be taken with food.
Plaintiffs were placed in single room
occupancy hotels (SROs) that, contrary to the language of the DASIS Law, lack individual refrigerated
storage and lockable bathrooms.
These hotels also lack soap, toilet paper, and sanitary conditions, thereby
denying HIV+ claimants Ameaningful access to emergency shelter@ as required by the ADA, according to
the complaint.
District Judge William Pauley disagreed with the defense argument that _Henrietta D. v. Giuliani_, 1996 WL
633382 (E.D.N.Y.), a case which Ainvolves virtually the same plaintiffs and defendants ... and highly
analogous claims,@ precluded plaintiffs' federal claims in the present case, because the _Henrietta D._ court
has not issued a final decision.
However, the court stated, AContrary to plaintiffs' view, the Second Circuit
has made clear that in any ADA or Rehabilitation Act analysis, courts must focus on the specific services
provided to the able-bodied and compare them to the services provided to the disabled. The ADA and the
Rehabilitation Act do not guarantee specific benefits.@
Citing judicial economy as a concern, the court
noted that its analysis of case law under the ADA and Rehabilitation Act is Anot on all fours@ with the
_Henrietta D._ court's holding that A[e]ven if the state has not denied disabled persons a service or benefit
available to non-disabled persons, the state still retains the affirmative responsibility to ensure disabled
persons have equal and meaningful access to that benefit.@
While Judge Pauley found that the present facts could support a prima facie case on the federal claims, he
declined to enjoin the City to increase the quality and inspections of SROs and provide staff sensitivity
training, because plaintiffs did not show a clear likelihood of success on the merits of their disability law
claims.
The court declined to certify plaintiffs' proposed class, finding it be overly broad, but granted leave to
replead as to a class narrowed to patrons of the type of housing that the plaintiffs are challenging in this case.
Judge Pauley found it impossible to analyze whether the interests of DASIS clients placed in transitional
supported housing units were adequately represented by these plaintiffs, placed in SROs.
He also
dismissed without prejudice plaintiffs' state and local law claims, citing Anovel questions ... that implicate the
City's interest in administering its agencies,@ as to which federal abstention in the absence of controlling state
precedents was warranted.
Armen Merjian of Housing Works and Russell Brooks of Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy represent the
plaintiffs.
_Mark Major_
AIDS Litigation Notes: Civil
In _Thaddeus-X v. Wozniak_, 2000 WL 712383 (U.S.Ct.App., 6th Cir. May 23) (unpublished
disposition), the court summarily B and without any discussion or explanation B found that a prisoner who
contended his 8th Amendment rights were violated when he was deprived of HIV medication for two days
had not stated a claim because it is necessary to allege a Aphysical injury@ as part of an 8th Amendment
deliberate indifference case involving medical care.
Interesting that the 9th Circuit recently decided, virtually
as a matter of judicial notice, that an interruption of HIV meds could provide the basis for an 8th
Amendment claim; see _South v. Gomez_, 2000 WL 222611 (9th Cir., Feb. 25, 2000) (unpublished
disposition).
In _K-Mart v. Evenson_, 1 P.3d 477 (May 3), the Oregon Court of Appeals upheld a determination of the
state=s workers compensation board that a retail store employee who was possibly exposed to HIV while
on the job had sustained a Acompensable injury@ for purposes of the compensation law, and was thus
covered for the resulting medical testing she had to undergo.
Patsy Evenson was assisting and cleaning up
after an incontinent customer in a wheelchair, who informed her that he was HIV+.
She called the hospital
for advice, and was told she should come right in for prophylactic treatment and testing.
She has
consistently tested negative for HIV and hepatitis, the main subjects of concern.
Although the employer
paid the initial hospital bill on a Adiagnostic@ basis, it balked at paying for ongoing follow-up testing.
The
court supported the board=s finding that an on-the-job exposure requiring medical attention and testing
constitutes a work-related injury within the broad purposes of the workers compensation law.
In an accident case against the City of New York, the N.Y. Appellate Division, 2nd Department, ruled that
when an HIV+ plaintiff=s life expectancy is relevant to the calculation of damages, the defendant is entitled
to present expert testimony on the impact of HIV infection on life expectancy, and it was error in the case
before the court for the trial judge to have refused to allow the city=s expert to testify.
_Davis v. City of
New York_, 2000 WL 798247 (May 1).
The opinion does not specify the nature of the accident that gave
rise to the litigation.
U.S. District Judge Wexler (E.D.N.Y.) has dismissed a retaliation suit brought by a registered nurse of
Haitian ancestry against a hospital arising from a dispute about how the hospital characterized Haitians in its
policy and procedure manual=s section on AIDS.
_Taneus v. Brookhaven Memorial Hospital Medical
Center_, 2000 WL 760718 (May 26).
The manual originally referred to people from Haiti as an AIDS-
risk group, based on a 1990 memorandum from the new York State Health Department.
Nurse Margaret
Taneus, of Haitian origin, protested in a staff meeting that this was an inappropriate stereotypical
characterization.
The hospital subsequently revised the manual to remove the reference to Haitians, but
Nurse Taneus claims that after this meeting she suffered from various adverse actions, including a disputed
confrontation with a doctor of Haitian origin who she says accused her of trying to hurt his reputation by her
comments about Haitians in the staff meeting.
(The hospital investigated her complaint about the doctor and
found it to be without merit.)
She ultimately left on a medical leave and never returned to work, but filed a
federal lawsuit alleging discrimination based on race, sex, and national origin.
Ruling on the hospital=s
summary judgment motion, Judge Wexler found nothing in the record to support a discrimination claim, and
that to the extent that any case was stated, it would have to be a retaliation case.
However, Title VII=s
cause of action for retaliation requires a showing that the plaintiff suffered discrimination because of her
protected activity in protesting a discriminatory employment policy.
In this case, Taneus was protesting
policies involving the labeling of particular patients.
Wexler concluded that the complaint stated no cause of
action, and granted the hospital=s motion.
In _Henrietta D. v. Giuliani_, 81 F. Supp. 2d 425 (E.D.N.Y. Jan. 24, 2000), which we belatedly report
here, U.S. District Judge Johnson refused to dismiss or grant summary judgment in favor of the defendant in
a case brought by advocates for PWA=s alleging violations of federal and state law in the administration of
benefits for PWA=s by the city and state social service agencies.
In particular, the suit alleges that through
its inefficiencies and bureaucratic bungling, the city=s Division of AIDS Services & Income Support has
effectively denied many people with HIV/AIDS equal access to the benefits to which they are entitled, in
violation of sec. 504 of the Rehabilitation and the Americans With Disabilities Act, as well as state law
requirements governing AIDS services.
Judge Johnson rejected the argument that the state defendants are
immune from suit on the federal claims under the 11th Amendment, although it was found that such immunity
would bar the claims asserted under state law against these defendants.
Ultimately, the court found that
plaintiffs had sufficiently alleged their federal claims to withstand either a motion to dismiss or a motion for
summary judgment.
The plaintiffs, a group of people with HIV/AIDS, are represented by the HIV Law
Project of NYC, Housing Works, Brooklyn Legal Services Corp. B., and volunteer attorneys from
Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam & Roberts.
In _Pearcill v. West_, 2000 WL 778231 (U.S.Ct.App. for Veterans Claims, Jan. 7) (unpublished
disposition), the court rejected the plaintiff=s argument that his HIV infection, manifested in advanced AIDS
during the mid-1990s, could be traced back to his period of military service from May 1982 to September
1983.
Although two doctors testified that some ulcers for which Pearcill was treated in the service might be
indicative of HIV infection, there was much medical testimony in the record supporting the counter-
argument, including his late 1980's marriage and the birth of his son, with neither wife nor son having been
infected with HIV.
Although an argument could be made that he was infected and had a long asymptomatic
period, and that the ex-wife and son were just lucky, the court concluded that because the Aclearly
erroneous@ standard applies to review of the factual findings by the Board of Veterans Appeals, it could not
overturn the Board=s decision against Pearcill when the record did not clearly point in one direction.
Thus,
Pearcill is not entitled to have his medical expenses picked up by the Veterans Administration.
In _Gill v. DeFrank_, 2000 WL 877012 (U.S.Dist.Ct., S.D.N.Y., June 30), U.S. District Judge Naomi
Buchwald ruled that prison personnel were entitled to qualified immunity against a prisoner=s constitutional
right of privacy claim regarding disclosure of HIV-related information from his medical records.
The
incidents in this case took place in 1997.
The Magistrate recommended against granting the defendants=
motion to dismiss, finding that the right to privacy in AIDS-related information was established by the time
these events occurred.
Judge Buchwald disagreed.
Although the 2nd Circuit had in 1994 recognized a
constitutional right to privacy in HIV-related information, Buchwald observed that the 1994 precedent
involved a civilian case, and that a prison setting raises different issues.
It was not until _Powell v.
Schriver_, 175 F.3d 107 (1999), that the 2nd Circuit specifically ruled on a right to privacy claim involving a
prisoner=s HIV status, and in that case, the court held that the defendants were entitled to immunity since
the law was not Aestablished@ in the 2nd Circuit until that opinion was issued.
Buchwald also approved the
magistrate=s recommended to dismiss various other claims, and disapproved the magistrate=s
recommendation to deny summary judgment on a free exercise of religion claim unrelated to inmate Anthony
Gill=s HIV-status.
In _Natale v. Gottlieb Memorial Hospital_, 2000 WL 873756 (Ill. Ct. App., 1st Dist., June 30, 2000), the
court reiterated prior holdings that an AIDS phobia plaintiff must allege actual exposure to HIV in order to
maintain a claim for emotional distress damages.
In this case, the hospital notified Mr. Natale that the
instrument used to perform a colonoscopy on him may not have been properly sterilized, and offered him
blood testing and counseling.
The counselor advised him to conduct his life as if he had been exposed to
HIV until he had repeatedly tested negative.
Natale claims that he suffered severe emotional distress due to
fear of contracting AIDS as a result of this incident.
He has repeatedly tested negative.
The court, affirming
a grant of summary judgment to the hospital, refused to distinguish this from prior Illinois cases in which such
counseling warnings had not been given, and insisted on adhering to the actual exposure standard. A.S.L.
AIDS Law & Society Notes
More than 5,000 leading scientists, doctors and medical experts joined in a statement published in the July
issue of _Nature_ that Aoverwhelming evidence@ shows that HIV is the cause of AIDS.
The statement,
intended for release a week prior to the 13th International Conference on AIDS in Durban, South Africa, to
be held beginning on July 9,
was a reaction to efforts by South African President Thabo Mbeki to spark
new debate about the causes of AIDS. _Reuters_, July 3.
The _Christian Science Monitor_ reported June 16 that the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service has
begun a trial program of relaxing the normal economic tests for refugee status in the case of applicants with
HIV infection from countries with inadequate treatment resources.
According to the report,
there are about
70 refugees who are being admitted provisionally under a test program in which six U.S. cities known for
advanced HIV health and hospice networks have been selected to host the refugees: Boston, New York,
Chicago, San Diego, Minneapolis and San Francisco.
The Dept. of Health and Human Services will cover
the medical costs of the refugees until they obtain private insurance.
The success of HIV+ plaintiffs in winning federal discrimination claims appears to depend heavily on where
in the country they are living or working when the claim arises.
A study of HIV discrimination cases in the
federal courts conducted by the staff of _AIDS Policy & Law_, a newsletter published by LRP
Publications, found that HIV+ plaintiffs prevailed in only 8% of the cases in the district and appellate courts
of the U.S. 4th Circuit, but in 60% of the cases in the 1st Circuit.
Next to the 4th Circuit, the least receptive
circuits were the 6th and 11th, with 27% and 20% success rates respectively.
_AIDS Policy & Law_, vol.
15, no. 13, July 7, 2000, p.1.
Public health officials in San Francisco announced June 30 that the number of new HIV infections among
gay men in San Francisco rose sharply during 1999.
During the 1990s, new HIV infection cases from all
causes reported to the city health department had been averaging about 500 a year, but the total for 1999
was more than 800, of which 575 came from sex between men.
Between 1997 and 1999, the percentage
of people tested at the city=s anonymous testing centers who tested positive rose from 1.3% to 3.7%,
almost tripling.
Other research shows that the proportion of gay men in San Francisco who say they have
unprotected anal sex with multiple partners increased from 23% in 1994 to 43% in 1999, and those who
said they always used a condom dropped from 70% to 54% during the same time period.
There was
speculation that new medications, making AIDS a manageable condition for many of those with access to
effective treatment, has lessened the deterrence to unprotected sex that had been posed by the stark
mortality rates from the 1980s. _Los Angeles Times_, _San Francisco Chronicle_, July 1.
International AIDS Law Notes:
The _Toronto Star_ reported June 27 that Justice Ellen Macdonald of the Superior Court had sharply
criticized the Canadian Red Cross Society for transfusing three hemophiliacs with HIV-tainted blood
months after the organization had received warnings about problems with its blood supplies.
Calling the
Society=s action Ashocking,@ she awarded $2.3 million (Canadian dollars) in damages plus court costs to
the plaintiffs, surviving heirs of the three who have all since died from AIDS.
The transfusions took place in
1984, at a time prior to the availability of screening tests for HIV but when the identity of the virus had been
discovered and heat treatments were available to render donated blood safe for transfusion.
Evidence
showed that the Society made a conscious decision not to bother applying the heat treatments to
accumulated reserves of donated blood.
The _Daily Yomiuri_ reported June 13 that the Chiba (Japan) District Court awarded 6.6 million yen
(approximately $66,000) to a 35-year-old Brazilian national of Japanese descent who was discharged after
his Japanese employer performed an unauthorized test to determine his HIV status.
Presiding Judge Naomi
Ichimaya ordered the company to pay 5.1 million yen and the hospital director who had breached the
confidentiality of the plaintiff=s test result 1.5 million yen, finding that the testing was Aan infringement on the
man=s privacy.@
According to the news report, ATakigawa Kagaku Kogyo hired the man in September
1997.
The following November, when the company conducted its annual employee health check, it had the
man=s blood tested for HIV without his consent.
The man=s boss at the time allegedly opened the
envelope that contained the test results and fired him because he deemed the presence of an HIV carrier to
be detrimental to the company.@
Namibia=s Defense Ministry has decided not to appeal the May Labor Court ruling striking down its policy
of refusing to recruit HIV+ people into the armed services.
On June 20, the Ministry withdrew the notice of
appeal that had previously been filed.
After thoroughly reviewing the opinion by Acting Judge Harold Levy
(not the NYC School Chancellor, by the way), Defense officials concluded that it left them with sufficient
leeway to remove anybody whose health condition is seriously compromised.
PUBLICATIONS NOTED & ANNOUNCEMENTS
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund, Inc., the country=s oldest and largest lesbian and gay legal
organization, currently has a number of attorney and legal assistant positions open in offices across the
country.
For details, please see their website, www.lambdalegal.org.
LESBIAN & GAY & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Aden, Steven H., _A Tale of Two Cities in the Gay Rights_ Kulturkampf_: Are the Federal Courts
Presiding Over the Cultural Balkanization of America?_, 35 Wake Forest L. Rev. 295 (2000) (Rutherford
Institute staff attorney argues that _Lumpkin_ and _Shahar_ decisions are undermining appropriate judicial
protection of the religious beliefs of public employees).
Barnard, Thomas H., and Timothy J. Downing, _Emerging Law on Sexual Orientation and Employment_,
29 U. Memphis L. Rev. 555 (Spring/Summer 1999).
Cain, Patricia A., _Heterosexual Privilege and the Internal Revenue Code_, 34 U. San Fran. L. Rev. 465
(Spring 2000).
Freshman, Clark, _Whatever Happened to Anti-Semitism?
How Social Science Theories Identify
Discrimination and Promote Coalitions Between ADifferent@ Minorities_, 85 Cornell L. Rev. 313 (January
2000) (explores theoretical relationships between racism, sexism, homophobia, ageism and other kinds of
discrimination).
Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders, _Protecting Families: Standards for Child Custody in Same-Sex
Relationships_, 10 UCLA Women=s L.J. 151 (Fall/Winter 1999) (standards developed by public interest
law firm in consultation with community activists and other lesbian/gay litigation groups).
Kelly, James B., _The_ Charter of Rights and Freedoms_ and the Rebalancing of Liberal Constitutionalism
in Canada, 1982-1997_, 37 Osgoode Hall L. J. 625 (Fall 1999).
Koppelman, Andrew, _Why Gay Legal History Matters_, 113 Harv. L. Rev. 2035 (June 2000) (book
review essay of Eskridge, _Gaylaw: Challenging the Apartheid of the Closet_ [Harv. U. Press 1999]).
Leslie, Christopher R., _Creating Criminals: The Injuries Inflicted by AUnenforced@ Sodomy Laws_, 35
Harv. Civ. Rts. - Civ. Lib. L. Rev. 103 (Winter 2000).
Mischler, Linda Fitts, _Personal Morals Masquerading as Professional Ethics: Regulations Banning Sex
Between Domestic Relations Attorneys and Their Clients_, 23 Harvard Women=s L.J. 1 (Spring 2000).
Nyquist, Curtis, Patrick Ruiz & Frank Smith, _Using Students as Discussion Leaders on Sexual Orientation
and Gender Identity Issues in First-Year Courses_, 49 J. Legal Ed. 535 (December 1999).
Parlow, Matthew J., _Revising_ Gay Rights Coalition of Georgetown Law Center v. Georgetown
University_ A Decade Later: Free Exercise Challenges and the Nondiscrimination Laws Protecting
Homosexuals_, 9 Tex. J. Women & L. 219 (Spring 2000).
Polikoff, Nancy D., _Why Lesbians and Gay Men Should Read Martha Fineman_, 8 Amer. U. J. Gender,
Soc. Pol. & L. 167 (2000) (commentary responding to Martha Albertson Fineman=s article, _Cracking the
Foundational Myths: Independence, Autonomy, and Self-Sufficiency_, 8 Amer. U. J. Gender, Soc. Pol. &
L. 13 (2000), as part of a symposium titled AGender, Work & Family Project Inaugural Feminist Legal
Theory Lecture@)
Robbins, Kalyani, _Framers= Intent and Military Power: Has Supreme Court Deference to the Military
Gone Too Far?_, 78 Oregon L. Rev. 767 (Fall 1999).
Rubenstein, William B., _Divided We Propagate: An Introduction to_ Protecting Families: Standards for
Child Custody in Same-Sex Relationships, 10 UCLA Women=s L. J. 143 (Fall/Winter 1999) (explaining
genesis of guidelines by Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders, see above).
Santiago, Rolando Jose, _Internet Access in Public Libraries: A First Amendment Perspective_, 32 Urban
Lawyer 259 (Spring 2000).
Tsesis, Alexander, _The Empirical Shortcomings of First Amendment Jurisprudence: A Historical
Perspective on the Power of Hate Speech_, 40 Santa Clara L. Rev. 729 (2000).
Wakefield, Robin, _City Hall Steps: Battle Over the People=s Platform_, 6 City Law 49 (May/June 2000)
(City Law is a newsletter published by the Center for New York City Law at New York Law School.
The
article gives the background and history of recent litigation by Housing Works, an AIDS-services group,
seeking more open access to hold political demonstrations on the steps of New York=s city hall.)
Williams, Taya N., _Committed Partnership: The Legal Status of Committed Partners and Their Children_,
13 J. Suffolk Academy of L. 221 (1999).
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Brumby, Edward, _What Is In a Name: Why the European Same-Sex Partnership Acts Create a Valid
Marital Relationship_, 28 Georgia J. Int=l & Comp. L. 145 (1999).
Cash, Brian Verbon, _Images of Innocence or Guilt?: The Status of Laws Regulating Child Pornography on
the Federal Level and in Alabama and an Evaluation of the Case Against Barnes & Noble_, 51 Alabama L.
Rev. 793 (Winter 2000).
Current Events, _Baehr v. Miike_, No. 20371, Haw. LEXIS 391 (Haw. Dec. 9, 1999), 8 Amer. U. J.
Gender, Soc. Pol. & L. 227 (2000) (commentary on final act of Hawaii same-sex marriage litigation).
Dombrowsky, Alexander, _Whether the Constitutionality of the Violence Against women Act Will Further
Federal Protection From Sexual Orientation Crimes_, 54 U. Miami L. Rev. 587 (April 2000).
Duenas, Christopher A., _Coming to America: The Immigration Obstacle Facing Binational Same-Sex
Couples_, 73 S. Cal. L. Rev. 811 (May 2000).
Frey, Cara J., _Hate Exposed to the Light of Day: Determining the Boy Scouts of America=s Expressive
Purpose Solely from Objective Evidence_, 75 Wash. L. Rev. 577 (April 2000).
Hicks, Karolyn Ann, _@Reparative@ Therapy: Whether Parental Attempts to Change a Child=s Sexual
Orientation Can Legally Constitute Child Abuse_, 49 Amer. U. L. Rev. 505 (Dec. 1999).
Hungerford, David, _The Fallacy of_ Finley_: Public Fora, Viewpoint Discrimination, and the NEA_, 33
UC Davis L. Rev. 249 (Fall 1999).
Jackson, Rachel, _A Life Sentence by Any Other Name: Ohio=s Sexual Offender Laws_, 31 U. Toledo L.
Rev. 95 (Fall 1999).
Konkel, Mark, _Internet Indecency, International Censorship, and Service Providers= Liability_, 19
N.Y.L.S. J. Int=l & Comp. L. 453 (2000).
Kreisberg, Jill, _Employers and Employees Beware: The Duties Imposed by the Recent Supreme Court
Decisions and Their Impact on Sexual Harassment Law_, 6 Cardozo Women=s L.J. 153 (1999).
Patten, Neil C., _The Politics of Art and the Irony of Politics: How the Supreme Court, Congress, the NEA
and Karen Finley Misunderstood Art and Law in_ National Endowment for the Arts v. Finley, 37 Houston
L. Rev. 559 (Summer 2000).
Smith, Gregory K., Powell v. State_: The Demise of Georgia=s Consensual Sodomy Statute_, 51 Mercer
L. Rev. 987 (Spring 2000).
Somekh, Nati, _The European Total Ban on Human Cloning: An Analysis of the Council of Europe=s
Actions in Prohibiting Human Cloning_, 17 Bos. U. Int=l L. J. 397 (Fall 1999).
_Specially Noted:_
_Roundtable_ on Gender and Law, 65 Brooklyn L. Rev. No. 4 (1999), includes the following: Valian,
Virginia, _The Cognitive Bases of Gender Bias_, 65 Brooklyn L. Rev. 1037 (1999); LaFrance, Marianne,
_The Schemas and Schemes in Sex Discrimination_, 65 Brooklyn L. Rev. 1063 (1999); Poirier, Marc R.,
_Gender Stereotypes at Work_, 65 Brooklyn L. Rev. 1073 (1999); Schneider, Elizabeth M., _Gender
Bias, Cognition, and Power in the Legal Academy_, 65 Brooklyn L. Rev. 1125 (1999).
_The Nation_ published a cover story in its July 10 issue about the current problems under the military=s
Adon=t ask, don=t tell@ policy.
This brings together quite a bit of valuable information that has been
coming out in bits and pieces over the past few months.
Doug Ireland, _Search and Destroy: Gay-Baiting in
the Military Under >Don=t Ask, Don=t Tell_, The Nation, July 10, 2000, pp. 11-16.
AIDS & RELATED LEGAL ISSUES:
Bagenstos, Samuel R., _Subordination, Stigma, and ADisability@_, 86 Va. L. Rev. 397 (April 2000).
Caspar, Edward, Doe v. Mutual of Omaha_: Do Insurance Policy Caps on AIDS Treatments Violate the
Americans With Disabilities Act?_, 75 Notre Dame L. Rev. 1535 (May 2000).
Cooper, Jeffrey O., _Interpreting the Americans With Disabilities Act: The Trials of Textualism and the
Practical Limits of Practical Reason_, 74 Tulane L. Rev. 1207 (March 2000).
Dyckman, Jay, _The Myth of Informed Consent: An Analysis of the Doctrine of Informed Consent and Its
(Mis)Application in HIV Experiments on Pregnant Women in Developing Countries_, 9 Col. J. Gender &
L. 91 (1999).
Ngwena, Charles, _HIV in the Workplace: Protecting Rights to Equality and Privacy_, 15 S. African J.
Hum. Rts. 513 (1999).
Tiefer, Charles, _The Reconceptualization of Legislative History in the Supreme Court_, 2000 Wis. L. Rev.
205.
_Student Notes & Comments:_
Coats, Jon Byron, Jr., _AIDS and the Doctrine of Maintenance and Cure_, 24 Tulane Maritime L. J. 283
(Winter 1999).
Esser, Brian K., _Beyond 43 Million: The ARegarded As@ Prong of the ADA and HIV Infection B A
Tautological Approach_, 49 Amer. U. L. Rev. 471 (Dec. 1999).
Fornalik, Judith, _Reasonable Accommodations and Collective Bargaining Agreements: A Continuing
Dispute_, 31 U. Toledo L. Rev. 117 (Fall 1999).
Hall, Julia J., Sutton v. United Air Lines, Inc._: The Role of Mitigating Measures in Determining
Disabilities_, 51 Mercer L. Rev. 799 (Winter 2000).
Note, _Name Brands: The Effects of Intrusive HIV Legislation on High-Risk Demographic Groups_, 113
Harv. L. Rev. 2098 (June 2000).
Zgarba, Rex J., _Employee=s Panacea or Pandora=s Box? An Analysis of_ Bragdon v. Abbott_ and Its
Likely Effects Upon Claims Under Title I of the ADA_, 19 Rev. of Litigation 719 (Summer 2000).
_Specially Noted:_
The AIDS Coordinating Committee of the American Bar Association has published a report, titled
_Perspectives on Returning to Work: Changing Legal Issues and the HIV/AIDS Epidemic_.
This book
provides up-to-date guidance on the legal issues faced by persons with AIDS who were on disability leave
or had entirely left the workplace, but are physically able to resume working due to successful response to
current therapies.
Copies of the report may be obtained from Steve Powell, ABA-AIDS Coordination
Project, by calling 202-662-1025, or emailing .
EDITOR'S NOTE:
All points of view expressed in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ are those of identified writers, and are not
official positions of the Lesbian & Gay Law Association of Greater New York or the LeGaL Foundation,
Inc.
All comments in _Publications Noted_ are
attributable to the Editor.
Correspondence pertinent to issues covered in _Lesbian/Gay Law Notes_ is
welcome and will be published subject to editing.
Please address correspondence to the Editor or send via
e-mail.
^Z