http://www.forces.gc.ca/en/terms-conditions.page
Skip to main content Skip to "About this site"
Navy Army Air Force Defence Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Non-Government of Canada Servers
Providing Content in Canada's Official Languages
Hyperlinking
Crown copyright protected works
Supplementary reservists and the reporting of inventions
Government of Canada Symbols
Our Commitment to Accessibility
Social Media
1. Privacy
The Department of National Defence and the Canadian Armed Forces (DND/CAF) are committed to providing websites that respect the privacy of visitors. This privacy notice summarizes the privacy practices for DND/CAF online activities.
All personal information collected by this institution is governed by the Privacy Act. This means that you will be informed of the purpose for which your personal information is being collected and how to exercise your right of access to that information.
Your Privacy and the Internet
The nature of the Internet is such that Web servers automatically collect certain information about a visit to a website, including the visitor’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. IP addresses are unique numbers assigned by Internet Service Providers (ISP) to all devices used to access the Internet. Web servers automatically log the IP addresses of visitors to their sites. The IP address, on its own, does not identify an individual. However, in certain circumstances, such as with the co-operation of an ISP for example, it could be used to identify an individual using the site. For this reason, the Government of Canada considers the IP address to be personal information, particularly when combined with other data automatically collected when visitor requests a Web page such as the page or pages visited, date and time of the visit.
Unless otherwise noted, DND/CAF does not automatically gather any specific information from you, such as your name, telephone number or email address. DND/CAF would obtain this type of information only if you supply it to us, for example, by email or by filling in a contact form. In such cases, how your personal information is handled will be provided in a Personal Information Collection Statement.
In cases where services are provided by organizations outside of the Government of Canada, such as social media platforms or mobile applications, IP addresses may be recorded by the Web server of the third-party service provider.
The DND/CAF employs software programs to monitor network traffic, and to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. These programs are also used to gather anonymous information such as statistics to improve the functionality of our websites. These software programs receive and record the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our website unless an attempt to damage the website has been detected.
The DND/CAF employs a fully automated Anti-Spam Filter to protect its employees and networks from spam. Incoming email messages that are flagged by the software as spam are deleted automatically by the technology without notification. The program is set to block email that is considered obvious spam because of its content (for example, pornographic, racist, get-rich-quick schemes, junk commercial solicitations) as determined by general industry best practice.
Questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, or the administration of the Privacy Act in the Department of National Defence may be directed to the DND Privacy Coordinator by:
E-mail:  DAIPPrivacy.Protectionrenseignementspersonnels@forces.gc.caTelephone: (613) 901-6720
Mail: Treasury Board of Canada SecretariatL'Esplanade Laurier, East Tower140 O'Connor Street, 8th FloorOttawa, Canada K1A 0R5
If you are not satisfied with our response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner by e-mail at: info@privcom.gc.ca, by telephone at 1-800-282-1376 or visit their website at: http://www.priv.gc.ca/index_e.asp.
Communicating with the Government of Canada
If you choose to send DND/CAF an email or complete a feedback form online, your personal information is used by DND/CAF in order to respond to your inquiry. The information you provide will only be shared with another government institution if your inquiry relates to that institution. DND/CAF does not use the information to create individual profiles nor does it disclose the information to anyone other than to those in the federal government who need to provide you with a response. Any disclosure of your personal information is in accordance with the Privacy Act.
Emails and other electronic methods used to communicate with the Government of Canada are not secure unless it is specifically stated on a Web page. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not send sensitive personal information, such as your Social Insurance Number or your date of birth, through non-secure electronic means.
Personal information from emails or completed feedback forms is collected pursuant to the Privacy Act. Such information may be used for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes and is included in Personal Information Bank PSU 914 Public Communications.
Third-Party Social Media
DND/CAF use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the Web. Social media accounts are public and are not hosted on Government of Canada servers. Users who choose to interact with us via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them.
Personal information that you provide to the Government of Canada via social media accounts is collected under the authority of the Privacy Act. This information is collected to capture conversations (e.g. questions and answers, comments, “likes”, retweets) between you and DND/CAF. It may be used to respond to inquiries, or for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes. Comments posted that violate Canadian law will be deleted and disclosed to law enforcement authorities. Comments that violate our rules of engagement will also be deleted. The personal information is included in Personal Information Bank PSU 938 Outreach Activities.
Improving your Experience on Government of Canada Websites
Digital Markers (including cookies)
A digital marker is a resource created by the visitors’ browser in order to remember certain pieces of information for the Web server to reference during the same or subsequent visit to the website. Examples of digital markers are “cookies” or HTML5 web storage. Some examples of what digital markers do are as follows:
they allow a website to recognize a previous visit each time the visitor accesses the site;
they track what information is viewed on a site which helps website administrators ensure visitors find what they are looking for.
DND/CAF uses sessional digital markers on some portions of its website. During your on-line visit, your browser exchanges data with DND/CAF’s Web server. The digital markers used do not allow DND/CAF to identify individuals.
You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers, including cookies, if you so choose. However, it may affect your ability to interact with DND/CAF’s website.
Cookies are also used as an integral part of the identification process for some of our online applications. This is for security purposes to determine that you are who you say you are and to provide you with your confidential account information during an online session. No personal information is kept in session cookies and they are stored only in your browser’s temporary (cache) memory. When you log out of your session, the cookie is no longer valid and is discarded when you close your browser.
Web Analytics
Web analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement, and reporting of data about Web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing Web usage. Information in digital markers may be used in conjunction with computer request data to identify and track your online interactions with the forces.gc.ca website.
Forces.gc.ca uses Google Analytics, Webtrends and log file analysis to improve the website. When your computer requests a forces.gc.ca Web page, the following types of information are collected and used for Web analytics:
the originating IP address
the date and time of the request
the type of browser used
the page(s) visited
referral website
Opting out of Google Analytics
If you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling JavaScript within your browser; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. Disabling Google Analytics or JavaScript will still permit you to access comparable information or services from our websites. However, if you disable your session cookie option, you will still be able to access our public website, but you might have difficulties accessing any secure services.
Log File Analysis
Forces.gc.ca uses log file analysis internally and retains information collected for Web analytics for a maximum period of 18 months. After this period, the information must be disposed of in accordance with the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics or as authorized by the Librarian and Archivist of Canada. The information is not disclosed to an external third party service provider.
Google Analytics Data Collection
Data collected for Web analytics purposes goes outside of Canada to Google servers and may be processed in any country where Google operates servers. Data may be subject to the governing legislation of that country, [for example the USA Patriot Act]. For further information about Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Analytics terms of service.
Information used for the purpose of Web analytics is collected pursuant to section 5 of the Department of Human Resources and Skills Development Act and section 4 of the Privacy Act. Such data may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes, audit, and evaluation, research, planning and reporting. For more information on how your privacy is safeguarded in relation to web analytics, see the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics.
Protecting the Security of Government of Canada Websites
DND/CAF employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the IP address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
This information is collected pursuant to section 161 of the Financial Administration Act. The information may be shared with appropriate law enforcement authorities if suspected criminal activities are detected. Such information may be used for network security related statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting and is included in Personal Information Bank PSU 939 Security Incidents.
Inquiring about these Practices
Any questions, comments, concerns or complaints you may have regarding the administration of the Privacy Act and privacy policies regarding DND/CAF Web presence may be directed to our Access to Information and Privacy Coordinator by email at: atip@forces.gc.ca
If you are not satisfied with DND/CAF response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner by telephone at 1-800-282-1376.
2. Non-Government of Canada Servers
To improve the functionality of Government of Canada websites, certain files (such as open source libraries, images and scripts) may be delivered automatically to your browser via a trusted third-party server or content delivery network. The delivery of these files is intended to provide a seamless user experience by speeding response times and avoiding the need for each visitor to download these files. Where applicable, specific privacy statements covering these files are included in our Privacy Notice.
3. Providing Content in Canada's Official Languages
The Official Languages Act, the Official Languages (Communications with and Services to the Public) Regulations and Treasury Board policy requirements establish when we use both English and French to provide services to or communicate with members of the public. When there is no obligation to provide information in both official languages, content may be available in one official language only. Information provided by organizations not subject to the Official Languages Act is in the language(s) provided. Information provided in a language other than English or French is only for the convenience of our visitors.
4. Hyperlinking
Links to websites not under the control of the Government of Canada, including those to our social media accounts, are provided solely for the convenience of our website visitors. We are not responsible for the accuracy, currency or reliability of the content of such websites. The Government of Canada does not offer any guarantee in that regard and is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their content.
Visitors should also be aware that information offered by non-Government of Canada sites to which this website links is not subject to the Privacy Act, the Official Languages Act and may not be accessible to persons with disabilities. The information offered may be available only in the language(s) used by the sites in question. With respect to privacy, visitors should research the privacy policies of these non-Government websites before providing personal information.
How to hyperlink to the DND/CAF website
Sites wishing to link to the DND/CAF website do not need to request permission to do so. We do, however, ask that you follow these linking practices:
Use only text links for linking to the DND/CAF website.
Do not link and/or use the official symbols of the GoC and Federal Identity Program (FIP) signatures as navigational aids.
The official symbols of the GoC and the FIP signatures appear on non-government sites only when they are used to identify a government contribution or participation in a Collaborative Arrangement.
The creation of a link does not confuse the user as to the source of the information through such practices as framing.
The links provided respect the following Copyright Notice that governs materials published on the DND/CAF websites.
5. Crown copyright protected works
This section has been moved to: Crown copyright protected works
6. Supplementary Reservists Are Now Required to Report Inventions to DND
This section has been moved to: Supplementary reservists and the reporting of inventions
7. Government of Canada Symbols
Certain official symbols of the Government of Canada, including the Canada Wordmark, the Arms of Canada, and the flag symbol may not be reproduced, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, without prior written authorization.
As these symbols are not managed by DND/CAF, a request for authorization must be forwarded to the Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat at the following address:
information@fip-pcim.gc.caFederal Identity ProgramTreasury Board of Canada Secretariat300 Laurier Avenue WestOttawa, Canada K1A 0R5
Telephone: 613-957-2533Facsimile: 613-946-5187
8. Our Commitment to Accessibility
The Government of Canada is committed to achieving a high standard of accessibility as defined in the Standard on Web Accessibility and the Standard on Optimizing Websites and Applications for Mobile Devices. In the event of difficulty using our Web pages, applications or device-based mobile applications, please contact us for assistance or to obtain alternative formats such as regular print, Braille or another appropriate format.
9. Social Media Notice
This notice has been written to explain how DND/CAF interacts with the public on social media platforms.
Content and Frequency
We use our social media accounts as an alternative method of sharing the content posted on our website and interacting with our stakeholders. By following our social media accounts (by “following,” “liking” or “subscribing”), you can expect to see information about DND/CAF operations, programs and initiatives.
We understand that the Web is a 24/7 medium, and your comments are welcome at any time. You should expect to see new content posted Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST/EDT. Comments submitted after hours or on weekends will be read and responded to as soon as possible.
Because the servers of social media platforms are managed by a third party, our social media accounts are subject to downtime that may be out of our control. As such, we accept no responsibility for platforms becoming unresponsive or unavailable.
Links to Other Websites and Ads
Our social media accounts may post or display links or ads for websites that are not under our control. These links are provided solely for the convenience of users. The Government of Canada is not responsible for the information found through these links or ads, nor does it endorse the sites or their content.
Following, “Favouriting” and Subscribing
Our decision to “follow,” “favourite” or “subscribe” to another social media account does not imply an endorsement of that account, channel, page or site, and neither does sharing (re-tweeting, reposting or linking to) content from another user.
Comments and Interaction
We will read comments and participate in discussions when appropriate. We ask that your comments be relevant and respectful. We reserve the right to delete comments that violate this notice, and the user may be blocked and reported to prevent further inappropriate comments.
By submitting a comment on this site, you, as the user, agree to indemnify and hold harmless Her Majesty the Queen in right of Canada including the DND/CAF against any liability and any and all third-party claims, demands, actions or costs (including legal costs on a solicitor-client basis) arising from its publication, including but not limited to breach of confidentiality or copyright, libel, or any obscene, defamatory, blasphemous or other actionable statement you may make.
We cannot engage in issues or answer questions that break the rules of this notice. The DND/CAF will not comment in the case of ongoing investigations, legal proceedings or matters before Parliament. Comments used for party political purposes will not be published. We will take seriously and report to the proper authorities any threats to the DND/CAF, their employees, agents, other users or the federal government.
We reserve the right to edit or remove comments that:
Contain personal information;
Are contrary to the principles of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms;
Express racist, hateful, sexist, homophobic, slanderous, insulting or life-threatening messages;
Put forward serious, unproven or inaccurate accusations against individuals or organizations;
Are aggressive, coarse, violent, obscene or pornographic;
Are offensive, rude or abusive to an individual or an organization;
Are not sent by the author or are put forward for advertising purposes;
Encourage illegal activity;
Contain announcements from labour or political organizations;
Are written in a language other than English or French;
Are unintelligible or irrelevant;
Are repetitive or spam; and
Do not, in our opinion, add to the normal flow of the discussion.
In short, please be respectful and make sure that your comments are relevant to where they are posted. The views of users commenting on our social media accounts do not necessarily represent the views of DND/CAF or the Government of Canada.
Accessibility of Social Media Platforms
Social media platforms are third-party service providers and are not bound by Government of Canada standards for Web accessibility.
If you have difficulty accessing content on our social media accounts, please contact us and we will try to solve the problem or provide you with the information in a different format.
Copyright
Information that we post is subject to the Copyright Act.
Privacy
Our social media accounts are not Government of Canada websites and represent only our presence on third-party service providers.
For more information, please refer to our Privacy Notice regarding third-party social media.
Official Languages
Many social media platforms have multiple language options and provide instructions on how to set your preferences. The Government of Canada respects the Official Languages Act and is committed to ensuring that our information of is available in both French and English and that both versions are equal quality.
We reply to comments in the official language in which they are posted. If we think the response is a question of general public interest, we may respond in both official languages.
We may share links that direct users to sites of organizations or other entities that are not subject to the Official Languages Act and available only in the language(s) in which they are written. When content is available in only one language, we make an effort to provide similar content in the other official language.
Questions and Media Requests
Media are asked to send questions to the appropriate Media Contact or submit a media query electronically and refrain from submitting questions to the DND/CAF social media accounts as comments. Reporters’ questions will be removed.
Date modified:
2019-12-09