http://www.rota.org.uk/content/disclaimer-and-privacy
Skip to main content
HomeAbout usAnnual Report and Business PlanVision, mission, values, objectivesThe ROTA teamPatrons and TrusteesBaroness Hussein-EceLord Adebowale CBEDr Richard Stone OBEFundersNewsPress releasesBlogContact usDONATE
Search form
Home Disclaimer and privacy
Disclaimer and privacy
Race On The Agenda (ROTA) is committed to the highest standard of quality information and will make every effort to ensure the accuracy of information on this website.
However ROTA gives no warranty as to the accuracy of the information on this website and that the functions contained in the material held on site will be uninterrupted or error free; that defects will be corrected or that this site or the server which makes it available are free of viruses, or represent the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the materials. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use of, data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of the ROTA website.
Virus Protection: We make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the Internet. Therefore, we cannot accept responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or computer system, which may occur whist using material derived from this website. Although ROTA takes all reasonable measures to ensure that the information provided from third parties is not defamatory or offensive, it cannot control the content or take responsibility for pages maintained by external providers.
In some areas, for example, Membership Forms, we ask you to register your name, email address and relevant details. We may also collect information from you if you complete any other forms on our site. We will use this information for internal purpose only. This information is only used for the intended purpose and if we wish to use it for any other purpose, we will ask you first.
www.rota.org.uk contains links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to the ROTA website. When you are being transferred to another site you should read their privacy statement for their policy on the use of personal information.
For more information about how we use and protect your data please see or terms and conditions and privacy notice.
Use of cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.
Google Analytics stores IP address anonamously on its servers in the US, and neither ROTA or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.
Follow us
on social media
© Copyright 2020. Race on the Agenda. Registered Charity 1064975, Company limited by guarantee, Number 3425664.
An organisation investing in a sustainable future.
ROTA Patrons: Lord Adebowale CBE / Baroness Hussein-Ece / Dr Richard Stone OBE
Contact us
Links
Disclaimer and privacy
Accessibility