https://www.bibletruths.org/privacy-policy-3/
Skip to contentWe have created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. We value your trust and respect your confidentiality. As a general practice we do not provide any online information, or any information gathered through forms, applications or other means to any outside party, unless otherwise designated.Collection of InformationPersonal InformationWe do not collect personally identifiable information about visitors except when visitors specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. Such personally identifiable information may be gathered in the course of registrations, information requests, or online surveys. We value opinions and comments from our visitors, so we offer an online Guest Comment form. This is entirely optional for all site visitors. Usually the information is aggregated and used for improving our website. In other cases we will use the identifying information as a vehicle for responding to an individual question or comment.Aggregated InformationWe keep track of your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our sites. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information about you, such as your location and your Internet service provider. We may also collect aggregate information on how our users are utilizing the site. This might include information regarding traffic patterns through the site and search queries.CookiesWe use a feature of your browser called a cookie to assign identification to your computer. The unique user ID contained within your cookie automatically identifies your computer — but not you — to our servers every time you visit our site. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user but may be correlated with identity information in our log files. You can turn the cookies feature off by using your browser’s preference options, but you may not be able to utilize some services properly.SecurityExcept as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, we have taken measures to ensure that information that is not publicly available through this site is accessible only to the user who initially entered the information or to authorized administrative personnel, and only after a password has been entered.Disclosure of InformationWe may disclose visitor information if requested or required to by law, court order, other legal processes, or government or law enforcement authority. In addition, we may in our sole discretion disclose visitor information if we believe in good faith that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable for any reason including without limitation rights or properties of us or any third party.ChangesThis policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the Web site. We will post our new privacy policy, along with the date of its last revision, prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Please check this Web page for information about revisions to our privacy policy.Primary Sidebar Widget AreaVerse of the day
I pray that God, the source of hope, will fill you completely with joy and peace because you trust in him. Then you will overflow with confident hope through the power of the Holy Spirit. (Romans 15:13)The best way to follow…We recommend Feedly, the largest RSS reader on the market. The free version lets you follow the latest posts from 100 sources, categorized into up to three feeds. It's easy to stay current and keep articles for later.If this study has blessed you…
Thank you in advance for your support of this ministry for the expenses of hosting, servers, software, graphics, and maintenance.Opportunities to comment…admin on Three great civil rights movements: abolition of slavery, women’s rights, unborn children’s rightsadmin on Three great civil rights movements: abolition of slavery, women’s rights, unborn children’s rightsRudzani on Do you want to get well?Edward Gross on 101 Verses that prove Jesus Christ is the CreatorDavid Kienast on Science, genealogy, and statistics confirm the Biblical account of Adam & EveDavid Murdoch on Leadership responsibility of godly husbandsadmin on How to start praying with the ACTS model of prayerJeffrey Rogers on How to start praying with the ACTS model of prayeradmin on What is predestined? (God’s plan or people’s actions)Joan Appleton on What is predestined? (God’s plan or people’s actions)Opportunities to correct…If you see something wrong on this site, we would consider it a privilege to consider your input.Let the godly strike me! It will be a kindness! If they correct me, it is soothing medicine. Don't let me refuse it. But I pray constantly against the wicked and their deeds. (Psalm 141:5)ContactBooks we’re reading…The Cost of Discipleship by Dietrich Bonhoeffer — Dietrich Bonhoeffer, one of the most important theologians of the twentieth century, illuminates the relationship between ourselves and the teachings of Jesus in this classic book on living as a Christian.
What can the call to discipleship, the adherence to the word of Jesus, mean today to the businessman, the soldier, the laborer, or the government worker? What did Jesus mean to say to us? What is his will for us today? Drawing on the Sermon on the Mount, Dietrich Bonhoeffer answers these timeless questions by providing a seminal reading of the dichotomy between "cheap grace" and "costly grace."Books we recommend…The Moody Handbook of Theology by Paul EnnsHow to Read the Bible Book by Book: A Guided Tour by Gordon D. FeeHalley's Bible Handbook by Henry HalleyWhy Grace Changes Everything by Chuck SmithLove Life for Every Married Couple by Ed WheatBiblical principles of sex by Robert Smith, M.D.Swipe Right: The Life-and-Death Power of Sex and Romance by Levi LuskoAccidental Pharisees: Avoiding Pride, Exclusivity, and the Other Dangers of Overzealous Faith by Larry OsborneMessages we’re watching…
The Chosen — The Chosen is the first-ever-multi-season TV show about the life of Jesus. Created outside of the Hollywood system, The Chosen allows us to see Him through the eyes of those who knew him. No matter where you are at in your journey with Jesus Christ, this TV show is for you.Most popular posts…7 Characteristics of a Real, Genuine, Sincere Apology — A real apology comes from a humble heart that is truly sorry and repentant. But nothing is worse than a faint apology, a false apology, or a non-apology.10 ways prayers are hindered — Prayers are an important part of the Christian life. They are worship, supplication, and confession; therefore, we don't want them to be hindered.Biblical relationship checkup — This Biblical relationship checkup will help couples in troubled relationships to discover what the Bible says about their relationship to learn how God can restore their relationship.Can two walk together, except they be agreed? — Does Amos 3:3 require Christians to be in absolute uniformity on everything in order to have fellowship?7 ways to restore the joy of your salvation — We have all walked through the slough of despond. It happens to everyone. Here are 7 proven ways to restore your joy.
7 reasons the church will not go through the tribulation — Jesus Christ will catch the church away at the rapture. We will meet the Lord in the clouds and be with him forever. He will not come to Earth because the rapture is not the second coming.Most recent posts…Why isn’t there a wikibibleIt seems like we live in a wikiworld. Everything is defined by popular opinion these days. Historical statues are being torn down. Historical documents are being burned and shredded. News is being censored. Social media posts are being hidden. Celebrities …Biblical signs and wonders confirm God’s wordAs an older Christian, minister, pastor, counselor, servant of Jesus Christ, and life-long Bible student, I have heard and seen many signs and wonders in my life. Some confirmed the word of God (Mark 16:20) but others were cleverly devised …Three great civil rights movements: abolition of slavery, women’s rights, unborn children’s rightsThere have been several long and difficult civil rights movements in America that have had world-changing impact. But, there is another civil rights movement that is happening right now. What are unborn children’s rights? Here is my opinion as a …Don’t be so easily shaken or alarmedNow, brothers, concerning the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and our gathering together to him, we ask you not to be quickly shaken in your mind, nor yet be troubled, either by spirit, or by word, or by letter as …Don’t become tired and weary in doing what is goodIf you have become tired and weary in doing the right thing, here are some verses to read, meditate, ponder, pray to allow them to work deep down into the fabric of your life. Let us not be weary in …Most popular subjects…blessing
body of Christ
calvinism
care
creation
discipleship
division
doctrine
eternal life
evolution
faith
false doctrine
fear
fellowship
fruit of the spirit
God the Father
grace
growth
Holy Spirit
Israel
Jesus Christ
judgment
justification
kingdom
love
mercy
music
praise
prophecy
protection
purpose
relationship
repentance
revival
salvation
sanctification
Satan
service
sin
study
support
traditions
unity
victory
works of the fleshAmazon AssociateWe are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. You can support this ministry by buying from Amazon with this link.We recommend Kindle Unlimited Membership Plans for unlimited reading of over 1 million ebooks and unlimited listening to thousands of audiobooks.Scroll Up