https://www.chw.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Canadian Hadassah-WIZO (CHW)
DONATE NOW
SEND A CARD
GET ENGAGED
User Agreement- By using this website, you signify your consent to an agreement to be bound by these terms, practices and policy. 2. Scope- This policy applies to the chw.ca websites only. 3. Accountability- If you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy practice on this website please address them in writing to the CHW National Office by Email to info@chw.ca or by mail to 638A Sheppard Ave W, Suite 209 Toronto, ON M3H 2S1 Canada. 4. Consent- CHW only collects personal information from users if that user voluntarily provides us with such information by subscribing to our email updates, registering for events, making a donation or by becoming a member of organization, or by submitting a question or comment to CHW. Users are under no obligation to provide us with this information and may access our website without providing any personal information. By volunteering this information users agree to its collection for the purposes stated below. 5. Purpose- CHW uses the personal information collected for the following purposes: * To provide users with email updates (if requested) of events, new research, and activities of CHW. * To keep aggregate information on website use. * To obtain user feedback on the website. 6. Collection of Information- When a user subscribes to receive email updates from CHW, we may collect some (or all) of the following personal information: * Name * Email address * Address * City. When a user makes a donation, purchases a copy of a CHW publication, registers for an event, or joins the organization, some (or all) of the following personal information is collected: * Name * Address * City * Province * Postal Code * Email address * Credit Card Number, Type and Expiry Date When submitting a comment by email to CHW’s general mailbox info@chw.ca the following personal information is collected: * Email address. CHW also collects non-personally identifiable information that becomes available as a result of a user’s visit to CHW’s website. This information includes the following: * The user’s IP address (A number automatically assigned to your computer when you visit the website. Our server logs the user’s IP address * The user’s Internet Service Provider (ISP) * The user’s Web browser. * Non-personal information about a user’s visiting habits MAY also be automatically collected through the use of “cookies.” Cookies are computer files that are placed in a user’s hard drive to remember any preferences the user may have when surfing the web. They can also tell us how often particular pages are visited. 7. Limiting Use, Disclosure & Retention- An individual’s personal information is only used in connection with the purposes identified in paragraph 4 of this policy. Individual information collected by CHW will not be sold or made available to third parties. The retention periods for personal information collected by CHW are as follows: * Information collected for the purpose of providing Email updates is retained until the user requests to be removed from our subscription list. * Information collected pursuant to the sale of publications, event registrations, and memberships is retained as long as required by the Canada Customs and Revenue Agency for tax and audit purposes. 8. Ensuring Accuracy Users can subscribe to receive email updates from CHW. To unsubscribe, users simply send an email to info@chw.ca requesting to be removed from CHW’s email updates list. Also, to change or modify information previously provided to CHW simply send an email with the required changes to info@chw.ca. 9. Safeguards- To ensure the protection of personal information collected by us, CHW employs the following physical, organizational and technological security safeguards: * Access is restricted to CHW offices to employees and authorized individuals of CHW only. * Access to CHW server containing personal information is limited to designated employees of CHW, our web site development company, and ISP and is accessed by use of a password * The CHW server contains firewall protection. Further, all CHW employees are made aware of the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of our users’ personal information. 10. Openness- CHW is committed to making readily available to individuals information on our policies and practices. 11. Individual Access- To review your personal information collected by CHW, please direct your request in writing to the Marketing Communications Manager by email at info@chw.ca or by mail to 638A Sheppard Ave W, Suite 209 Toronto, ON M3H 2S1 Canada. 12. Challenging CHW’s Compliance- If you wish to challenge CHW’s compliance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act please address your concerns in writing to the Marketing Communications Manager by email at info@chw.ca or by mail to 638A Sheppard Ave W, Suite 209 Toronto, ON M3H 2S1 Canada. If you are not satisfied with our response to your challenge, you may submit a complaint to the Federal Privacy Commissioner within six months. Appeals from decisions of the Federal Privacy Commissioner may be made to the Federal Court of Canada within 45 days after the Commissioner’s report is sent.
Share this Page On:
In This Section
Get Social with Us
With your donation… Provide a safe-haven during the day to a child of working parents. Children receive nutritious hot meals and snacks, ensuring they can focus on learning, playing and growing.
With your donation… Help children discover their Jewish identity. Children participate in Bar/Bat Mitzvah classes, the March of the Living program, or school enrichment excursions and special activities.
With your donation… Help heal a patient who has experienced a stroke. Patients have access to life-saving surgery and a chance for full recovery.
With your donation… Provide our healthcare teams with the modern tools needed to perform today's complex surgeries so that patients facing urgent care are never turned away.
With your donation… Support a woman who is struggling day-to-day to feed her children. She receives guidance and job skills training, empowering her and her family.