http://www.rbnz.govt.nz/privacy-and-disclaimer
About us
Contact us
FAQs
Careers
Events
Education
News
Toggle navigation
RBNZ
MONETARY
POLICY
MONETARY
POLICY
MONETARY
POLICY
MONETARY POLICY
Monetary policy
Monetary Policy Statement
About monetary policy
Tools to support the economy
Monetary Policy Framework
Monetary Policy Committee
OCR decisions and current rate
Inflation
Frequently asked questions
Related to monetary policy
Videos of MPS media conferences
Live-streams
90-day rate key graph
M14 Survey of expectations
Monetary Policy Challenge
Inflation calculator
Inflation key graph
Featured
How we influence interest rates (Video 3m:19s) Dec 2017
Inflation - a thief in your wallet (Video 3m:43s) Sep 2015
What is the economy? (Video 2m:22s) July 2015
Quick links
Latest Monetary Policy Statement
Latest OCR
What is the Official Cash Rate?
Live-streams
FINANCIAL
STABILITY
FINANCIAL
STABILITY
FINANCIAL
STABILITY
FINANCIAL STABILITY
Financial stability
Financial Stability Report
Macro-prudential policy (and LVRs)
Stress testing
Overview of the financial system
Reserve Bank and Climate Change
Related to financial stability
Videos of FSR media conferences
LVR restrictions
Statistics key graphs
Quick links
Latest Financial Stability Report
Latest macro-prudential indicators
Latest analytical boxes
Live-streams
C30 New residential mortgage lending by loan-to-valuation ratio (LVR)
REGULATION &
SUPERVISION
REGULATION &
SUPERVISION
REGULATION &
SUPERVISION
REGULATION & SUPERVISION
Regulation and supervision
Statements of approaches
Cautions and notices
Industry notices
Thematic Reviews
Crisis management
Regulatory stocktake
Financial Sector Assessment Programme (FSAP)
Whistleblowing
Cyber Resilience
Banks
The banking oversight regime
Banking supervision handbook
Key prudential requirements
Macro-prudential policy
New Zealand registered banks
Consultations and policy development
Banking thematic reviews
Publications
Relationships with other bodies
Frequently asked questions
Bank Financial Strength Dashboard
Insurers
Regulation of insurance sector
Licensing for insurers
Register of licensed Insurers
Supervision
Insurance thematic reviews
New Zealand Insurer Data Collections
Consultations and policy development
Publications
Relationships with other bodies
Non-bank deposit takers
Overview of the NBDT regime
Prudential requirements for NBDTs
NBDT licensing
Public register of licensed NBDTs
Consultations and policy development
Exemptions and declarations
News and publications
Frequently asked questions
Anti-money laundering
Legislation
Determining your supervisor
Requirements on reporting entities
Guidance and publications
Frequently asked questions
Financial market infrastructure oversight
Overview
Regulatory developments
Designated settlement systems
MARKETS &
PAYMENTS
MARKETS &
PAYMENTS
MARKETS &
PAYMENTS
MARKETS & PAYMENTS
Markets and payments
Domestic markets
Foreign reserves
NZClear
ESAS
Our balance sheet at work
Related to markets and payments
D3 Open market operations
D10 Influences on settlement cash
D12 Standing facilities
F5 Foreign currency assets and liabilities
E1 New Zealand's official overseas reserves
E2 New Zealand's position with IMF
Quick links
Repo eligible securities and haircuts
Operating rules and guidelines
Application criteria for security eligibility
NZClear participants
Scheduled outages for ESAS and NZClear
BANKNOTES
& COINS
BANKNOTES
& COINS
BANKNOTES
& COINS
BANKNOTES & COINS
Banknotes and coins
The Future of Cash
Banknotes
Coins
Security and counterfeit detection
Returning old/damaged currency
Using images of currency
Banknotes and coins resources
Resources
Banknotes and coins images available on Flickr
Banknote security features (Video 0m:59s) Jul 2017
Armistice Day CoinJun 2018
Statistics
F3 Banknotes in the public's hands
F4 Coin mintings
Related websites
Collectable coins Section on NZ Post's website dedicated to buying collectable coins
STATISTICS
STATISTICS
STATISTICS
STATISTICS
All Statistics
Statistics release calendar
Key graphs
Statistics news and updates
Discontinued statistics
Additional requested statistics
Surveys
Frequently asked questions
Bank Financial Strength Dashboard
Statistical series browser
Exchange and interest rates
Lending and monetary statistics
Reserve Bank
Registered Banks
Insurance financial statistics
Non banks and other financial institutions
Households
New Zealand debt securities
Economic indicators
International position
B1 Exchange rates and TWI
B2 Wholesale interest rates
B3 Retail interest rates on lending and deposits
B4 Foreign exchange turnover ($m daily averages)
B6 Yields on loans
B10 TWI weights
B13 Historical TWI weights
B20 New residential mortgage standard interest rates
B21 New residential mortgage special interest rates
B25 New interest bearing call savings account interest rates
B26 New interest bearing term deposit interest rates
B27 New interest bearing term PIE deposits interest rates
C5 Sector lending (banks and non-bank lending institutions)
C12 Credit card balances
C13 Credit card spending
C30 New residential mortgage lending by loan-to-valuation ratio (LVR)
C31 New residential mortgage lending by borrower type
C32 New and existing residential mortgage lending by payment type
C35 Residential mortgage loan reconciliation
C40 Residential mortgage lending by debt-to-income (DTI) purpose use
C41 Residential mortgage borrower gross income (BGI)
C50 Money and credit aggregates (depository corporations)
C51 Other depository corporations analytical accounts
C52 Depository corporations analytical accounts
C55 Other financial corporations analytical accounts
C60 Credit conditions
C65 Bank Customer Lending flows
C66 Bank Customer Lending stocks
D3 Open market operations
D10 Influences on settlement cash
D12 Standing facilities
F3 Banknotes in the hands of the public
F4 Coin mintings
F5 Reserve Bank foreign currency assets and liabilities
R1 Reserve Bank balance sheet ($m)
R2 Reserve Bank statistical balance sheet ($m)
R3 Reserve Bank analytical accounts ($m)
NEW Bank Financial Strength Dashboard
S10 Banks: Balance sheet
S20 Banks: Summary income statement and related ratios
S21 Banks: Income statement ($m)
S30 Banks: Assets – Loans by sector
S31 Banks: Assets – Loans by purpose
S32 Banks: Assets – Loans by product
S33 Banks: Assets – Loans fully secured by residential mortgage by repricing
S34 Banks: Assets – Loans and Repos by Industry
S40 Banks: Liabilities – Deposits by sector
S41 Banks: Liabilities – Deposits by industry
L1 Banks: Mismatch ratios
L2 Banks: Core funding ratio
L3 Banks: Face value of funding by residual maturity ($m)
J10 Insurance: Income Statement
J20 Insurance: Balance Sheet
T1 Non banks: Balance sheet ($m)
T4 Non banks: Funding and claims by sector ($m)
T11 Savings institutions: Balance sheet ($m)
T21 Deposit taking finance companies: Balance sheet ($m)
T31 Non-deposit taking finance companies: Balance sheet ($m)
T40 Funds under management ($m)
T41 Managed fund assets ($m)
T42 Life insurance ($m)
T43 KiwiSaver ($m)
T44 Other registered superannuation ($m)
T45 Retail unit trusts ($m)
T46 Cash management trusts ($m)
T47 Wholesale trusts ($m)
T48 Wholesale trusts and other funds ($m)
C21 Key household financial statistics ($m)
C22 Household balance sheet ($m)
D9 Government bond turnover
D30 Holdings of central government debt securities
D31 Non-resident holdings of individual bonds
D35 Holdings of Kauri bonds
M1 Prices
M2 Consumption
M3 Investment
M4 Domestic trade
M5 Gross domestic product
M6 National accounts
M7 Balance of Payments and International Investment Position
M8 Overseas trade
M9 Labour market
M10 Housing
M12 Population and migration
M13 Household inflation expectations
M14 Survey of expectations
E1 New Zealand's official overseas reserves
E2 New Zealand's position with IMF
SDDS NZ's international reserves and foreign currency liquidity
RESEARCH &
PUBLICATIONS
RESEARCH &
PUBLICATIONS
RESEARCH &
PUBLICATIONS
RESEARCH & PUBLICATIONS
Research and publications
Factsheets and guides
Analytical Notes
Discussion papers
Reserve Bank Bulletins
Official information requests
Information releases
Key publications
Monetary Policy Statements
Financial Stability Reports
Annual Reports
Statements of Intent
Monetary Policy Framework
Videos and speeches
Videos Media conferences, educational videos, presentations and lectures
Live-streams Live broadcasts of media conferences
Speeches
Research programme
Our economists
Seminars and workshops
Visiting researchers
Model reviews
Additional research
Externally published research
News
Education
Events
Careers
FAQs
Contact us
About us
Privacy and disclaimer
Privacy and disclaimer
Purpose
1. The purpose of this privacy policy is to let users of rbnz.govt.nz (the
"Site") know when we collect personal information and what we do
with it. We do not use, share or transfer personal information in connection
with the Site except as set out in this policy.
Collection, storage and use
2. There is no need to disclose personal information. The
Site can be viewed without the need to disclose any personal information to
us.
3. If you disclose personal information: You may choose to
disclose personal information when adding material to the Site. Such information
will be viewable by Site administrators, certain Reserve Bank of New Zealand
staff and contractors (including third parties who provide administration and/or
improvement services in relation to the Site) and, if published, members of the
public. Please do not post or otherwise transmit personal information of a
sensitive nature.
4. Storing information: Personal information that you
provide will be held by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand, and may be shared with,
and held by, Third Party Contractors to the extent necessary for those parties
to provide administration and/or improvement services in relation to the Site.
Email addresses provided when submitting forms or when emailing feedback
directly to the Reserve Bank are not made available to the public. Unless
required by law, we will not publicise the names or email addresses of
individuals who provide feedback to us without their consent.
5. Use of personal information: We use personal
information provided to us for the purpose of administering, evaluating and
improving the Site, improving our services and communicating with you. This information is retained and may be accessed or disclosed to third parties for analytics reporting and cyber security purposes.
6. Feedback: Feedback is important and is used to evaluate
and improve the Site. If you provide feedback on the Site directly to the
Reserve Bank of New Zealand via the supplied email address, that feedback will
be sent to appropriate RBNZ staff. We may pass on relevant comments to other
people within RBNZ who administer, have contributed content to, or are otherwise
interested in, the Site. This could include your email address and other
identifying information.
Statistical information and cookies
7. Statistical information collection: We collect
statistical information about your visit to help us improve the Site. This
information is aggregated and non-personally identifying.
8. Use of statistical information:
The statistical information referred to above will be viewable by Site administrators and certain other Reserve Bank staff.
9. Cookies: This site generates persistent session cookies
for the purpose of monitoring Site usage. The cookies do not collect personal
information. You can disable them or clear them out of the web browser you are
using to view this Site without affecting your ability to use the Site.
Records and disclosure statement
10. Public Records, Official Information and Parliament:
Your emails and contributions to the Site may constitute public records and be
retained to the extent required by the Public Records Act 2005. The Reserve Bank
may also be required by law to disclose those materials (for example, under the
Official Information Act 1982 or to a Parliamentary Select Committee).
Rights of access and correction
11. Your rights: Under the Privacy Act 1993, you have the
right to access and to request correction of any of your personal information
provided to the Reserve Bank of New Zealand in connection with your use of this
Site. If you would like to see the personal information relating to you that the
Reserve Bank has stored, or to change such personal information, or if you have
any concerns regarding your privacy, please contact us at the address set out
below. The Reserve Bank may require proof of your identity before being able to
provide you with any personal information.
12. Privacy Concerns: If you are not satisfied with our
response to any privacy-related concern you may have, you can contact the
Privacy Officer:
The Privacy Officer
Reserve Bank of New Zealand
PO Box
2498
Wellington
privacy@rbnz.govt.nz
Unsolicited email
Publication of email addresses on this site should not be taken as deemed consent to receiving unsolicited email. Persons or organisations wishing to send email material to individuals or organisations whose email addresses appear on this website must comply with the requirements of the Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act 2007.
Disclaimer
The Reserve Bank of New Zealand produces a variety of publications and
research dealing with monetary policy, financial stability, and related economic
and financial issues. Most are available without charge as part of the Reserve
Bank's public information service. For more information see our publications
section.
Every effort has been made by the Bank to ensure that material published on
this website is accurate and up to date. However, the Bank takes no
responsibility or accepts no liability arising from:
Errors or omissions
The way in which any material is interpreted
Reliance upon any material
The Bank is not responsible for the contents or reliability of
any linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed within
them.
Related to this page
Copyright
Accessibility
Social Media Policy