http://www.prayerflags.com/privacy_policy.asp
Return Policy "Tibetan Buddhist Prayer Flags for luck, happiness, longevity and prosperity in practice of Tibetan Buddhism."
About Radiant Heart
Contact Radiant Heart
Prayer Flag Poles
Inauspicious Days
Naga Days
Acharya Dawa Choddak Rinpoche
Buddhist Smoke Offering Ceremonies
Mail Order Form
Return Policy
Trade Inquiries
Wholesale Log In
Privacy Policy
Home    Quick Shop
Shopping Cart
Privacy Policy
Radiant Heart Studios (www.prayerflags.com) has created this privacystatement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
General Statement of Principles
As described in detail below, any information we gather at this web site is strictly for
our use and is not shared with any other entity, public or private, for any reason - period.
We only collect information that we need that is related to your order. This includes
your billing address, shipping address, email address and credit card information. Your
information is only used to fill your order. We do not sell or redistribute your information
to ANYONE.
Statistical Data
Our servers collect information on your IP address, browser type, and refer URL data.
We use this data to prevent hacking attempts, help us know what web browsers people
are using, and to find out where our visitors are coming from so that we can improve our
marketing. This data is viewed only as anonymous statistics to show how effective our
advertising has been. The information is not used for any other purpose.
Personal Information Collection, Storage and Removal
We do not store your Credit Card data. It is deleted as soon as your order has been
processed. Only your order data (billing, shipping, and order contents data) is stored
on our server. This information is encrypted using a Secure Sockets Layer before it
is transmitted over a web server. We store the order information to allow us refer to a
previous order to help with customer service. You may elect to have your information
completely removed from this system by e-mailing us at
prayerflags1@gmail.com with your request.
If you wish to contact us further, please find complete contact information on our contact page.