https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/first-aid-kits
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
First Aid
Home
Conditions and treatments
First Aid
First aid kits
First aid kits
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
First Aid
First Aid - First aid basics
Summary
Keep a first aid kit at home, in the car and at work.You can purchase first aid kits from your local pharmacy or from providers such as St John Ambulance Australia (Victoria). Do a first aid course, so you know how to help if someone is injured or becomes ill.
Your first aid kit should be organised, properly stocked and available at all times. It’s a good idea to have a first aid kit in various locations such as at home, in the car and at work. You can buy first aid kits from your pharmacy or from providers such as St John Ambulance Australia (Victoria). Specialty kits are also available to meet specific needs.
The First Aid in the Workplace Code of Practice (2012) by Safe Work Australia should be used as a reference to guide you in choosing first aid kits for your workplace.
It is strongly recommended that you participate in a first aid course so you will have the knowledge and skills to use equipment in a first aid kit to help someone who is suddenly injured or becomes ill.
Contents of a basic first aid kit
First aid kit contents vary according to their particular use. For example, a first aid kit for a farm will contain a few different items to a first aid kit for a city-dwelling family.
A basic first aid kit should contain:
Triangular bandages
Crepe ('conforming' or elastic) bandages of varying widths
Non-adhesive (non-stick) dressings of varying sizes
Disposable gloves (medium and large), preferably made of non-latex material
Thermal blanket
Notepad and pencil
Plastic bags of varying sizes
Adhesive tape (2.5 cm wide – preferably a permeable tape such as Micropore)
Resuscitation mask or face shield.
Other equipment can include:
Medium combine dressing pads (9 x 20 cm)
Large combine dressing pads (20 x 20 cm)
Adhesive dressing strips (bandaids)
Medium gauze dressing (7.5 x 7.5 cm)
Four sterile tubes of saline solution (minimum 10 ml)
One pair of scissors
One pair of tweezers
First aid booklet.
Medications in first aid kits
The First Aid in the Workplace Code of Practice advises that first aid kits for workplaces should not contain medications. First aid is defined as the provision of emergency treatment and life support for people suffering injury or illness. The dispensing of medication does not generally fall within this definition. It is recommended that medicines are not kept in a first aid kit.
If you keep medicines for yourself or your family, such as paracetamol and aspirin for pain relief, they should be kept secure and out of reach of children.
Storing your first aid kit
Storage suggestions include:
Keep the first aid kit in a dry, cool location.
Make sure the first aid kit is easily accessible and that everyone in the family knows where it is.
Some items, such as solutions, may have use-by dates. Check regularly and replace when necessary.
If an item is used from the first aid kit, promptly replace it.
Learn how to use your first aid kit
A first aid kit won’t help if you don’t know how to use its contents. Buy a book on basic first aid to read about how to use the contents of the kit or, better still, participate in a first aid course.
First aid equipment explained
The various gauzes, dressings and bandages found in a first aid kit have different uses. Some of these include:
Adhesive strip dressings – small strips of gauze attached to a sticky backing. These dressings are used for minor cuts and skin injuries. In Australia, they are commonly called bandaids. It is important to be aware that some people are allergic to bandaids.
Non-adhesive dressings – best used for covering burnt or abraded (scraped or grazed) skin. Never use adhesive dressings on burnt or abraded skin.
Wound dressings – these thick pads are used to help control bleeding and reduce the risk of infection. Different sizes are needed for different-sized wounds.
Crepe or conforming bandages – these elastic bandages are used to create pressure, hold dressings in place, reduce swelling and provide some support.
Triangular bandages – these non-elastic bandages are used for slings, to hold splints in place and to restrict movement.
Sterile eyewash solution – used to flush eyelashes, insects, dust, sand or similar particles from the eye. Never attempt to remove an object that is embedded in or has penetrated an eye – in such an instance, seek urgent medical attention.
Where to get help
In an emergency, always call triple zero (000)
St John Ambulance Australia (Victoria) Tel. 1300 360 455
WorkSafe Advisory Service Tel. (03) 9641 1444 or 1800 136 089
Australian Red Cross Tel. 1300 367 428
Things to remember
Keep a first aid kit at home, in the car and at work.
You can purchase first aid kits from your local pharmacy or from providers such as St John Ambulance Australia (Victoria).
Do a first aid course, so you know how to help if someone is injured or becomes ill.
References
First Aid in the Workplace Code of Practice, 2012, Safe Work Australia. More information here.
Australian First Aid, 2010, Fourth edition, St John Ambulance Australia. More information here.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
First Aid
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
First aid basics
Emergency situations
Common symptoms
Burns breaks and falls
Wounds cuts and bleeding
Bites and stings
Heat and cold
First aid basics
First aid basics and DRSABCD
Some knowledge of basic first aid can mean the difference between life and death...
Asthma emergency first aid
Asthma attacks need urgent emergency first aid. In an emergency, always call triple zero (000)...
Bites and stings – first aid
If you are bitten or stung by an insect or animal, apply first aid and seek medical treatment as soon as possible...
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR)
CPR is a life-saving skill that everyone should learn from an accredited organisation...
Emergency situations
Allergic reactions emergency first aid
Severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis) and asthma attacks need urgent emergency first aid. In an emergency, always call triple zero (000)...
Allergies to bites and stings
Allergies to insect stings and bites range from milder allergic reactions to life-threatening, severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis)...
Anaphylaxis
Anaphylaxis is a severe allergic reaction that requires urgent medical attention...
Choking
Don't slap a choking person on the back while they are upright - gravity may cause the object to slip further down their windpipe...
Diabetic coma
Diabetic coma is a medical emergency and needs prompt medical treatment...
Drug overdose
Alcohol, medications, illegal drugs and some herbal remedies can all cause damage if an overdose is taken...
Electric shock
Always disconnect the power supply before trying to help a victim of electric shock...
Epilepsy - first aid and safety
Good seizure management is an important part of reducing the risks associated with epilepsy...
Head and spinal injuries first aid
Head injuries can be serious and require urgent medical attention. A hard blow to the head from a fall, knock or assault can injure the brain, even when there are no visible signs of trauma to the...
Head injuries and concussion
There is no specific treatment for mild head injury other than plenty of rest, and not overdoing things...
Heart attack
Heart attack is an emergency. If you have warning signs of heart attack, get help fast. Call triple zero (000) and ask for an ambulance...
Heat stress – preventing heatstroke
Heatstroke is a life-threatening emergency that can be avoided by following simple prevention measures...
How drugs affect your body
Drugs affect your body’s central nervous system. They affect how you think, feel and behave...
Mushroom poisoning
Contrary to popular belief, there is no home test that can distinguish between edible and poisonous varieties of wild fungi or mushrooms...
Poisoning and child safety
Call the Poisons Information Centre on 13 11 26 immediately if you suspect your child has been poisoned or given the wrong medicine or the wrong dose of medicine...
Shock
Shock is when there is not enough blood circulating in the body. It is a life-threatening medical emergency...
Stroke explained
A stroke interrupts blood flow to an area of the brain and is a medical emergency...
Common symptoms
Abdominal pain in adults
The type of pain felt in the abdomen can vary greatly...
Abdominal pain in children
Children may feel stomach pain for a range of reasons and may need treatment...
Bleeding
Bleeding may be minor or it may be a life-threatening medical emergency...
Chest pain
If in doubt about the cause of your chest pain, call an ambulance...
Coughing and wheezing in children
Coughing and wheezing in babies can be distressing for you and your baby, but in most cases symptoms can be relieved at home...
Diarrhoea
Acute diarrhoea in babies and young children can be life threatening...
Fainting
Common causes of fainting include heat, pain, distress, the sight of blood, anxiety and hyperventilating...
Fever - children
Fever is a way in which the body fights infection. A fever is not dangerous and does not always indicate a serious illness...
Muscle cramp
A muscle cramp is an uncontrollable and painful spasm of a muscle...
Poisoning and child safety
Call the Poisons Information Centre on 13 11 26 immediately if you suspect your child has been poisoned or given the wrong medicine or the wrong dose of medicine...
Burns breaks and falls
Ankle sprains
Ankle sprain is a common sports injuries caused by overstretching and tearing the supporting ligaments...
Bone fractures
Common sites for bone fractures include the wrist, ankle and hip...
Burns and scalds
Immediate first aid for all burns is to hold the burn under cool running water for at least 20 minutes...
Burns and scalds - children
Most hot tap water scald injuries to children happen in the bathroom...
Dental injuries – tooth loss
A knocked out permanent tooth can survive if it is immediately put back. Do not put a knocked-out baby tooth back...
Eye injuries - chemical burns
Always wear safety goggles or a face shield when handling liquid or powder chemicals...
Eye injuries - foreign body in the eye
Don't try to remove a foreign body from your eye - go to your doctor or hospital emergency department for help...
Eyes - flash burns
Flash burns are like sunburn in the eye and can affect both your eyes. Find out more...
Head and spinal injuries first aid
Head injuries can be serious and require urgent medical attention. A hard blow to the head from a fall, knock or assault can injure the brain, even when there are no visible signs of trauma to the...
Head injuries and concussion
There is no specific treatment for mild head injury other than plenty of rest, and not overdoing things...
Wounds cuts and bleeding
Blisters
A blister is one of the body's responses to injury or friction...
Needlestick injury
A needlestick injury means the skin is accidentally punctured by a used needle. Diseases that could be transmitted by a needle or needlestick injury include human immunodeficiency virus (HIV...
Nosebleeds
Bleeding from the nose is common in children and is usually not severe or serious...
Skin cuts and abrasions
The body begins repairing a wound immediately and the process may continue for days, weeks, months or even years...
Wounds - how to care for them
Chronic wounds are more likely to heal if they are treated with moist rather than dry dressings...
Bites and stings
Bites and stings – first aid
If you are bitten or stung by an insect or animal, apply first aid and seek medical treatment as soon as possible...
Allergies to bites and stings
Allergies to insect stings and bites range from milder allergic reactions to life-threatening, severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis)...
Animals and child safety
Children should always be closely supervised near animals and taught how to behave safely around pets...
Bedbugs
Bedbugs have highly developed mouth parts that can pierce skin...
Body lice
Body lice can spread from one person to another when the environmental conditions are crowded and unhygienic...
European wasp
Unlike a bee, which can only sting once (and leaves the stinger behind in the skin), the European wasp can sting repeatedly...
Fleas
Fleas are parasites that feed off the blood of humans and animals, and can spread infection...
Spiders
Australia has about 2,000 species of spider but most species are relatively harmless to humans...
White tailed spider
In most cases, the bite from a white tailed spider only causes a mild reaction, including itching and skin discolouration...
Heat and cold
Frostbite
Exhaustion, hunger and dehydration further lower the body's defences against frostbite...
Heat stress and heat-related illness
Heat kills more Australians than any natural disaster. Find out how you can treat and prevent heat-related illness...
Heat stress and older people
People aged 65 years and over are at increased risk of heat-related illnesses and need special care in hot weather...
Heat stress – preventing heatstroke
Heatstroke is a life-threatening emergency that can be avoided by following simple prevention measures...
Hot weather and child safety
Babies and children can quickly lose body fluids in hot weather, which can lead to dehydration...
Hypothermia
The early responses to hypothermia will be moving around, seeking shelter, hair standing on end (goosebumps) and shivering...
Snow sports and cold-related injuries
You can help reduce your risk of winter sports injuries with planning, preparation and proper equipment...
Related Information
Bird flu (avian influenza)
The symptoms of bird flu in humans are similar to those of regular influenza...
Flu (influenza) – immunisation
Influenza immunisation is recommended for people in known high risk groups...
First Aid
Understanding basic first aid techniques can help you cope with an emergency. Find out about basic care for injuries and emergency situations...
Travel and holidays
Travel health, travel and health conditions, travel tips and holiday stress...
When you get back
Come back healthy and protect your family, friends and community from disease...
Home
Related information on other websites
Safe Work Australia
St John Ambulance Australia
St John Ambulance Australia (Victoria).
WorkSafe Advisory Service
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
St John Ambulance
Last updated:
August 2014
Page content currently being reviewed.
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Recent Activity
10 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 31 Aug 2014
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/first-aid-kits
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top