https://www.thedatabank.com/privacy-statement/
Products
databankconnect
For Nonprofits
For Government
Data Services
thedatabank process
Pricing
About Us
About thedatabank
Testimonials
Client Success Stories
FAQ
Resources
Blog
Downloads
Log In
Privacy statement
thedatabank, gbc has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: www.thedatabank.com We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Our site uses a cookie to keep track of temporary information during your session. The cookie cannot be used again once your session on thedatabank.com ends.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the user when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used only to bill the user for products and services.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Customer data is password protected to guard against unauthorized access. In addition, all data moving between thedatabank.com and the customer’s browser is encrypted using SSL, the strongest available protection on the internet.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1. You can send an email to admin@thedatabank.com
2. You can call the following telephone number: 612-455-2255
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
thedatabank uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information on our audience such as age, gender, and interests with Google Analytics. thedatabank uses this information to help guide our marketing and communications with unique visitors.
thedatabank does not and will not ever sell this information. You can opt out of google analytics tracking here.
Cookies
As you browse thedatabank’s website, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with thedatabank. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Please note: This is only for our public site, this does not apply when you’re logged into your Databank account.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1. Email admin@thedatabank.com
2. Call the following telephone number: 612-455-2255
Anti-spam Policy
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Mark Paquette, President
thedatabank, gbc
2288 University Ave. W, Suite 201
St. Paul, MN 55114
mark@thedatabank.com
Are you ready to talk with a Solution Strategist? Schedule a free, private and no pressure conversation now.
Begin Conversation
B the Change
thedatabank, gbc is technology for change, and we walk the talk. Learn about B the Change.
Contact Us
612-455-2255 or 1-877-603-0296 (toll free)
2288 University Ave. W
Suite 201
St. Paul, MN 55114
Find directions
Begin Conversation
Get to know us
Our history & approach
Meet the team
Testimonials
FAQ
Join our team
Our partners
For Clients
Login to your Databank
Contact support
Get free live training
Read blog
Download resources
© 2018 thedatabank, gbc | Privacy Statement
made with a copilot