https://www.allsaintscarmel.org/privacy-policy/
About
Mission, Vision, Core Values
Staff
Vestry
Friends of All Saints’
History
Worship
Worship
Sermons
Online Services
Ministries
Spiritual Formation
Outreach
Retreat Cottage
All Saints’ Day School
Campground
Music
Liturgical
Fellowship Groups
News
Events
Give
Contact
Website Privacy Policy
Information security and privacy practices at All Saints Episcopal Church, Carmel (herein referred to as All Saints’ Carmel) are informed and guided by the following policy:
Information Collected via Website Forms
All Saints’ Carmel accepts and processes information submitted by users through our public website. The information collected on our website is voluntarily submitted information, for instance when a user sends us a message via a ‘Contact’ form.
The information collected in each form, including any personally identifiable information volunteered by the user (such as email, name, or phone number), is submitted via email only to the designated recipient. For instance, a form named ‘Contact our Rector’ will be conveyed only to our Parish’s Rector. If a form does not designate a recipient, it is understood that the All Saints’ Carmel Office/Parish Administrator is the designated recipient.
Information that you send using contact forms will be stored on our mail service, hosted by Google Apps, and governed by Google Inc.’s privacy policy for user-­supplied content.
All All Saints’ Carmel administrators are required to access data only as necessary for the proper performance of their duties.
We periodically review our internal practices to ensure proper stewardship of users’ information.
Users who would prefer not to disclose personal information through our website, may choose to contact All Saint’s Carmel by phone, postal mail or in person. Our phone number, postal address and physical address are listed on the website’s Contact page.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file and holds a certain amount of data, which our website can send to your browser. It may then be stored on your computer’s hard drive and can be accessed by our web server. This cookie data can then be retrieved and can allow us to customize our web pages and services accordingly. It is important to clarify that cookies do not collect any personal data stored on your hard drive or computer.
We use cookies on our website to improve user experience and for web analytics. The cookies we use do not store personally identifiable information nor can they harm your computer. We want our website to be informative, personal, and as user friendly as possible and cookies help us to achieve that goal.
The All Saints’ Carmel website incorporates third­-party plugins to deliver social communication features, for instance to allow users to share a public announcement with their Facebook friends. These plugins require their own cookies for correct functionality.
Web analytics refers to the aggregation of data about visitors to a website. All Saints’ Carmel uses analytics technology that does not identify individual users but gathers statistical data about aggregate usage of the site, e.g., how many users follow a click from the Home page to the Vestry page. This technology allows us to understand how users interact with the site, and to plan for improvements on site content and layout.
Users may remove or clear cookies from their computer at any time via their own browser’s preference controls. Users can also block any cookies from being set; however, if they do so, some parts of the website may not function properly.
Children
All Saints’ Carmel is committed to protecting children and will identify them on or through the website only according to specific guidelines. The website will not associate the names of individual members under the age of 18 with their photos, without written permission from a parent or legal guardian. We use waiver forms to document such permission and the waiver forms are filed at the Parish Office.
Security Practices
The website is served to the public via an industry-standard commercial hosting service. The hosting service employs firewalls, malware protection and other security measures to help protect the security of the website and its users.
Only our employees, officers and volunteers managing a program and/or our business partners who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Information Sharing
All Saints’ Carmel is the sole custodian of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to others, and will only share it in ways disclosed in this document. Any personal information submitted will be used only by members of the Parish on a need­-to­-know basis and will be used only for the purpose for which the information submitted was intended.
Some administrative personnel of the Parish may, in the course of their regular duties, have access to communications for technical or operational purposes. All Saints’ Carmel may also disclose any communications to the full extent required by law.
All Saints’ Carmel will not use or share your personally identifiable information in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy without first letting you know and offering you a choice.
Email Communications from Us
Church members and others in the community who have opted to receive email communications from us may receive newsletters and other announcements from us. If at any time you would like to stop receiving information from All Saints’ Carmel, such as emailed newsletters and announcements, you may use our ‘Contact’ form and request to be removed from our mailing list.
External Links
All Saints’ Carmel’s website provides links to other sites. All Saints’ Carmel has no control over such sites and resources and as such is not responsible or liable for any privacy practices, content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
All Saints’ Carmel shall not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Accessing and Updating Information
All Saints’ Carmel strives to maintain the accuracy of user records and only collects personal information that is relevant for the purposes for which it is used. If you have any questions about what information we currently hold about you or your organization or would like to make updates or changes, use our ‘Contact’ form.
Changes to this Policy
All Saints’ Carmel reserves the privilege to modify this policy at any time and will make announcements of changes, via email, and by updating this document and its version date at the bottom of this page.
Privacy Policy Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy document, complete our Contact form, or write or telephone using the information available on that same page.
Website Privacy Policy
Updated 11/3/2018