https://www.intown.net.au/conditions.html
Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT US
OUR HISTORY
GALLERY
OUR PUBLICATIONS
INTOWN GEELONG
HAPPY JAPPY
WOKME
GIZMO HIGHWAY
WITHIN COOEE
TRIPANDOM
PUB GRUB
FAQ
LOGOS
NEWS
CONTACT US
Conditions of Use
These Intown Entertainment Conditions of Use govern your use of all sites that form part of our network which include; www.intown.com.au, www.intown.net.au, www.gizmohighway.com, www.wokme.com, www.happyjappy.com, www.withincooee.com, www.withincooee.com.au, www.visionhighway.com, www.tripandom.com, www.transeum.com, www.vegashotelguide.org, www.whatshotinvegas.com, www.inspectmygadgets.com
Intown Entertainment makes no guarantee of the accuracy, correctness, or completeness of any information on the site and is not responsible for
(i) any errors or omissions arising from the use of such information;
(ii) any failures, delays, or interruptions in the delivery of any content or services contained within the site; or
(iii) losses or damages arising from the use of the content or services provided by the site.
Although we try to ensure accuracy of information published on our sites, our site is to be used as a guide only. We suggest contacting the owners, administrators or organisers, of any promoted event or product you see on the Intown Network to ensure its accuracy. We will gladly fix any problem reported. Please also note our listing conditions here.
Visitors and submitters to any Intown Network site visit entirely at their own risk. The site is provided on an as is basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. Intown Entertainment makes no warranty about the accuracy or completeness of our sites. Furthermore, neither Intown Entertainment nor any third-party content provider makes any warranty with respect to any content, information, services or products provided through or in conjunction with any of our sites.
Some sites on the Intown Network provide users an opportunity to comment on or review the article in question. These comments or reviews are not the opinion of Intown Entertainment and therefore we provide no warranty in respect to information displayed. If a comment offends you, you can contact us and we will consider moderating the comment or review in question. The comment system on these sites is provided by disqus.com. The privacy policy for this system can be found here https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy
Some sites on the Intown Network provide technical how to guides across a range of topics. We do not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability or accuracy of the information shown on our sites. We will not be liable for any losses and damages in connection to use of the information provide on our sites. Your use of the information provided on our sites is taken entirely at your own risk.
In respecting privacy Intown Entertainment will not disclose or sell personal information to a third party, this includes your email address. More info on the Intown Entertainment network privacy policy in relation to cookies can be found here.
All material on any of our sites or smart phone applications, including without limitation, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound are protected by copyright laws, both as individual works and as a collection. The downloading or use of copyrighted material provided by Intown Entertainment is allowed by visitors for personal and non commercial use only.
Visitors may not copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any such copyrighted material in any format, electronic or otherwise without the express permission of the copyright owners, Intown Entertainment.
For commercial identities wishing to use our images or stories, please contact the Intown Team for more information and licensing fees. Many of our images are available at a much higher resolution.
Intown Entertainment produces videos that are hosted by youtube.com, these videos are licenced under the standard youtube licence located here http://www.youtube.com/t/terms. Background music in many of these videos is provided by www.partnersinrhyme.com.
Every effort has been made to credit any copyright owners, Intown Entertainment will gladly credit or remove content if found to be otherwise when notified.
For further information please contact Intown Entertainment.
All maps are made available to you under license from Google Inc. By using the Google Maps service and any data or information accessed from Google Maps, you agree to be bound by the Google Maps terms and conditions available at the following url: http://www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html
Smart phone applications that Intown Entertainment have published via the Google Play and the Apple App Store are also subject to the conditions listed above. External links and map content links from these apps require the use of carrier data, we are not to be held responsible for the cost of this data.
We thank you and hope you enjoy your visit to our website suites and would love to hear your comments on how we can make your Intown Network visiting experience even better.
Conditions of Use Privacy Policy
Copyright  2020 Intown Entertainment
>