http://www.southeastchristian.org/terms
Respond and Engage
How Can We Help?
We know that this is a difficult time for many. We want to be here to help you through this challenging season.
I Need...
Help
Prayer
Support
Right now, we are facing more stressors and difficulties than ever. Our staff would love to listen, pray, and help in any way we can.
Call us at: 502.253.8144or
CONTACT US
We firmly believe that prayer changes things. We want to hear about your needs and lift them up in prayer with you.
REQUEST PRAYER
Many of us are facing anxiety, fear, and confusion. God did not make us to walk this journey alone. We are offering a variety of online groups to help support you in this time.
FIND AN ONLINE SUPPORT GROUP
Error
TERMS & CONDITIONS 						Welcome to Southeast Christian Church’s website! We offer this site as a convenience to you and hope it benefits your spiritual life. We have established a few ground rules to help make this site fun and helpful and safe for all our visitors. Please carefully read all of these Terms & Conditions prior to using this site.
Description of Services
Southeast Christian Church provides users with access to a wide variety of materials and mobile communications (“mobile services”) designed to enrich their spiritual lives. All materials and mobile services are subject to Southeast’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
Southeast cares about your privacy concerns. For additional information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Applicability & Acceptance of Terms
By using this site, you expressly agree to the Terms & Conditions without limitation or qualification. If you choose not to agree to the Terms & Conditions, you may not use this site or the mobile services. We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions at any time without prior notice. You agree that each site visit or mobile services use shall be subject to the then current Terms & Conditions. By accessing and browsing this site or using the services, you acknowledge that any other agreement between you and Southeast Christian Church is superseded and of no force or effect with respect to this site or the services.
Text Messaging Mobile Services
If you respond to an invitation to text us for more information or to check in for a particular event by texting the designated phrase to the designated Short Code phone number, we will respond with further instructions or a website link. You may also sign up to receive periodic text alerts. We will respond with further instructions, including how to STOP receiving text alerts and how to obtain HELP. If you send us a STOP message, you consent to receive confirmation of your request. Message frequency may vary, depending on the type of alert you select. You warrant that you are authorized to request that text messages be sent to the phone number you supply. Please note that message and data rates may apply.
Copyright
This site and all material contained in this site are protected by copyright unless otherwise indicated. This includes text, graphics, logos, buttons, icons and images.
Such material may not be used except as provided in these Terms & Conditions without the express written permission of Southeast Christian Church. We grant you permission to download material displayed on this site for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you retain all copyright and other ownership notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the site for public or commercial purposes. This includes the use of any text, images, audio and video without express written permission of Southeast Christian Church. The images of people or places displayed on this site are either owned by Southeast Christian Church or are used with permission. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms & Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere. Any unauthorized use of these images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and/or communications regulations and statutes.
Trademark
The trademarks and other Southeast Christian Church graphics, logos, and service names are trademarks of Southeast Christian Church. Our trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not under Southeast Christian Church’s ownership or control. Furthermore, such trademarks may not be used in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits Southeast Christian Church. All other trademarks not owned by Southeast Christian Church or its affiliates that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Southeast Christian Church or its affiliates.
Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations on Liability
This site and our mobile services are provided to you on an "as is" basis. Southeast Christian Church makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or to the information contained therein or to the operation of its mobile services. This includes, but is not limited to, the text, graphics, audio, icons, buttons, images, and products contained on this site. Southeast Christian Church fully disclaims, to the full extent permissible under applicable law, all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Southeast Christian church neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials on this site or of our mobile services will not infringe upon the rights of third parties not owned or affiliated with Southeast Christian Church. Neither Southeast Christian Church, nor any other person or entity involved in creating, producing or delivering this site, shall be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or mobile services, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. This limitation of liability applies without limitation to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action. Southeast Christian Church also assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in this site, of your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this site, or from using the mobile services.. Southeast Christian Church assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of this site, as well as any off site pages or additional sites linked to this site, for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained therein. Southeast Christian Church will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the disclosure of the identity of any person positing any such information or materials.  						Accuracy of Web Sites Including Future Revisions
Southeast Christian Church uses reasonable efforts to include accurate, up-to-date information on this site. Southeast Christian Church makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Southeast Christian Church assumes no responsibility or liability for any errors or omissions in the content of this site.
Links
As a courtesy to you, this site offers links to other websites. Some of these sites may be affiliated with Southeast Christian Church, while others are not. Southeast Christian Church has not reviewed all of the sites nor the entirety of any single site linked to and from this site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages. Visiting any off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Confidential Information
DO NOT SEND ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION TO THIS SITE or through our mobile services. Any communication or material that you transmit to this site or to us by electronic mail or mobile services, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Furthermore, you agree that such information is non-confidential and non-proprietary. Therefore, anything that you transmit or post to this site may be used by Southeast Christian Church or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Southeast Christian Church is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this site for any purpose whatsoever.
Dealing with Advertisers or Other Third Parties
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions or contests of, advertisers or other third parties (which are entities other than Southeast Christian Church) found on or through this site, including payment and delivery of related goods and services together with any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and that advertiser or third party. You agree that Southeast Christian Church shall not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers or third parties on this site.  User Conduct
You understand that you are the sole person that is responsible for any and all information that you post, upload, email or transmit to or from this site or by mobile device, including, but not limited to, all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, audio, messages, or other material. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane materials or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. You are prohibited from collecting or storing personal information about other users and from stalking or harassing another. Furthermore, you are prohibited from engaging in any conduct that is harmful to minors in any way.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Southeast Christian Church, its subsidiaries and affiliates, agents, elders, deacons, officers, directors, or other employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by anyone due to or arising from content you submit, post, transmit, or make available through this site or mobile services, your use of this site, your connection to this site, your violation of these Terms & Conditions, or your violation of any rights of another.
Applicable Law & General Information
This site is created and controlled by Southeast Christian Church in the Commonwealth of Kentucky, USA. As such, the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky shall apply to the foregoing disclaimers, Terms & Conditions, including the Southeast Christian Church Privacy Policy, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Kentucky for any claim or dispute against Southeast Christian Church arising under these Terms & Conditions, including the Southeast Christian Church Privacy Policy. If any portion of these Terms & Conditions is found to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that matches the intent of the original provision as closely as possible. The remainder of these Terms & Conditions shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to terms contained herein. This shall be the entire agreement, superseding all prior agreements between you and Southeast Christian Church regarding this site and mobile services. You must file any claim or suit arising from the use of this site or mobile services within one year from the date on which the claim arises. The failure of Southeast Christian Church to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of said right or provision. Finally, the section titles in the Terms & Conditions are for your convenience only and carry no contractual or legal effect whatsoever.
61709190.2
Locations
Menu
Plan Your Visit
Blankenbaker
Indiana
Crestwood
Southwest
La Grange
Elizabethtown
River Valley
Chapel in the Woods
Shelby County
Bullitt County
SE Online
SE Multination
SE Beechmont
South Louisville
About
Menu
Mission
What We Believe
Prayer
Leadership
Baptism
Employment
Media
Menu
Sermons
Resources
Stories
Live Stream
Bookstore
Connect
Menu
Starting Point
Events
Groups
Serve
Ministries
Menu
Men
Women
Family
Children
Children
Overview
Camp
Community Engagement
Single
College Age
High School
High School
Overview
Camp
Middle School
Middle School
Overview
Camp
Seniors
Generous Living
Generous Living
Overview
Business Leaders
Foster Care & Adoption
Deaf & Disabilities
Deaf & Disabilities
Overview
Camp
Care
Missions
Sports & Fitness
Awaken Worship
Give
Login to Your Account