http://www.sedgwickcounty.org/policies-and-disclaimers/website-privacy-policy/
Home
Policies and Disclaimers
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Sedgwick County is committed to safeguarding all information obtained through our web site. Therefore, the collection and storage of information not covered by the Kansas Open Records Act will be governed by the following guidelines:
Collection and Use of Customer Information
We make use of individual identifying information that customers provide for the purposes of personalizing the user’s experience on our website and fulfilling specific requests for services.  We may collect and store general information such as:
The name of the domain from which the user accesses the Internet; for example, msn.com (Microsoft Network) or aol.com (America Online).
The Internet address of the Web site from which the user linked directly to our site, if any. For example, www.yahoo.com if Yahoo’s search engine was used to find our site.
The type of web browsing software used to view our site such as Netscape Communicator or Microsoft Internet Explorer
The date and time
The pages the user visited
Certain user requests, like those for e-commerce, employment and tax related services, require additional information like name, address and credit card number in order to meet the request.
The length of time that information is retained will vary.  For instance, credit card payment information gathered through the Tax Payment  system will be kept only until the payment process is completed, whereas information gathered through the Kansas HRePartners site may be kept indefinitely at the discretion of the applicant.  Yet other information is channeled into non-Internet based systems where it supports County applications such as appraiser renditions and purchasing.  In each case, Sedgwick County maintains this information only as long as necessary to provide quality service.  Generally, a means is provided in each system that allows the user to delete personal information at any time.  In other cases, the information expires and is automatically deleted.
It is important to Sedgwick County that information we keep is accurate and current.  Customers who find information that is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, or who desire specific details about the individual identifying information we maintain, should email the Sedgwick County Webmaster or call (316) 660-9809.  Queries regarding the Kansas Open Records Act should be directed to Sedgwick County’s Freedom of Information Officer or call at (316) 660-9846.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but it is important to note that the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk nor can it read cookie files created by other sites.  We use cookies to remember information from one page to the next (session cookies), and information we store indefinitely will be stored in databases, and not in cookies on visitor PC’s.
From time to time, we may use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this to determine the usefulness of site information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. We do not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor do we share or sell this information.
Users can set their browser to notify them when a site attempts to add or update a cookie.  The user then has the opportunity to accept or refuse the cookie on a case-by-case basis. Users may also set their browser to refuse all cookies.  While most of our pages do not use cookies, setting the browser to reject them will make some services on our website unavailable.
Protection of and Access to Information
Sedgwick County maintains security standards and procedures to prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about our customers. Customer’s personal information is restricted to only those Sedgwick County employees with a business reason to know such information. Employees are mandated by County Policy to never divulge such information unless required to transact proper and normal County business, or to comply with the Kansas Open Records Act.
Information Sharing
Information may be exchanged with other organizations where it is absolutely necessary to transact business (for instance, with the State of Kansas while ordering a personalized vehicle tag).  Information may also be provided when legally required or permitted with criminal and civil investigations.  We may also share information to verify the existence and condition of a user’s checking or credit card account during purchases, or when required by independent auditors or otherwise authorized to do so.  Sedgwick County does not sell, lease or give away personal information about our customers.
Email
We may archive the content of email messages including email address and our response.  Users are reminded that email is not secure against interception.  Email messages with sensitive information or containing personal data such as credit card numbers or social security numbers are discouraged.  Sedgwick County accepts no responsibility for intercepted email messages. Customers sending such messages do so at their own risk.
SMS Text Terms and Conditions
Sedgwick County recruiting may use SMS text messaging to relay information to potential employees (candidates).  Individuals may opt in to receive SMS text message alerts by texting JOBS to 31742.  Please note:  Messaging and data rates may apply and the frequency of messages sent varies greatly with the various options candidates may choose to be notified.  At any time, candidates can text STOP to cancel the notifications and/or text HELP for help.  For questions about this service, please email Human Resources.  All major US Carriers support the delivery of these messages.  Participating carriers include AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Boost, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile.  T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
SMS Text Privacy Policy
We may archive the content of SMS Text messages including message address (mobile phone number) and our response.  Users are reminded that SMS Text is not secure against interception.  SMS Text messages with sensitive information or containing personal data such as credit card numbers or social security numbers are discouraged.  Sedgwick County accepts no responsibility for intercepted SMS Text messages. Customers sending such messages do so at their own risk.
Disclosure of Privacy Principles
Sedgwick County may make changes to this statement and to our related procedures at any time, so users should check back periodically.  We also maintain links to other sites, and, as we do not have control over their content or privacy procedures, users are encouraged to familiarize themselves with their privacy policies as well.
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, please contact us.