https://www.crmvet.org/privacy.htm
Home
Home
Donate
New!
About Us
Site Search
The Movement
Photo Album
Movement History
Documents
Reports & Letters
Articles & Speeches
Freedom Riders
Nonviolence
Frequent Questions
Poetry
Movement Activists
Roll Call
In Memory
Our Thoughts
Our Stories
Our Discussions
Poetry
Speakers List
Resources
Site Search
Bibliography
Web Links
Speakers List
How to Use Us
For Teachers
Article Reprints
Audio Recordings
Release Forms & Agreements
Archive
About Us
About Us
Terminology
Annual Reports
Bay Area CRM Vets
Contents
How to Use Us
Copyrights
Privacy
Civil Rights Movement Archive Website
Privacy Policy
Effective: April 5, 2013
The Key Points in Plain English
Except as follows, this website never gives, trades, or sells any personal
information or lists to any individuals, organizations, commercial
enterprises, or marketing companies.
On occasion, we may make your contact information available at no cost to
non-profit organizations or individuals for non-commercial uses that are
directly related Civil Rights Movement activities such reunion
announcements, research requests, and similar purposes.
Under no circumstances will any contact information from this site ever
be sold to anyone.
The Full Legalese
The Civil Rights Movement Archive website ("CRMV" or "we") provides this
Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the
collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from
users of crmvet.org (this "Site"). This Privacy Policy applies only to
information that you provide to us through this Site. Our Privacy Policy
may be updated from time to time, and we will notify you of any material
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site.
Information Collection: The Personally Identifiable Information We
Collect
In the course of using this Site, you may provide us with personally
identifiable information, such as your email address or phone number, which
can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal
Information that you provide may include, but is not limited to, your name,
phone number, email address and home or business postal addresses. Personal
Information may also include information you submit to us concerning your
individual history, activities and interests expressed in the course of use
of our Site.
When you visit the Site, our web hosting service may automatically
record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your computer's
Internet Protocol address, browser type, the web page you were visiting
before you came to our Site and information you search for on our Site. We
do not currently use cookies on our site. (A cookie is a small data file
that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.)
How We Use Personal Information
Personal Information is used for the following purposes: (i) to provide
and improve our Site, services, features and content, (ii) to administer
use of our Site, (iii) to fulfill requests you may make, and (iv) to
provide you with further information from us or others that we believe you
may find useful or interesting, including informational emails and
announcements about events and publications. If you decide at any time that
you no longer wish to receive such communications, please contact us at webmaster@crmvet.org.
We never give, trade, or sell any Personal Information to anyone for
commercial or marketing purposes. From time to time, we may provide
Personal Information at no cost to individuals or non-profit organizations
for non-commercial uses that are directly related to Civil Rights Movement
activities, such civil-rights related lawsuits, Movement-related
information or research requests, reunions or other events or activities,
announcements, and so on. Under no circumstances will any Personal
Information from this Site ever be sold to anyone.
We use information we obtain by technical means (such as automatic
recording performed by our web hosting service or third parties such as
Google) for the above purposes and in order to monitor and analyze use of
the Site and our services and for the Site's technical administration, and
to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, to better
tailor it to your needs, to generate and derive useful data and information
concerning the interests, characteristics and website use of our users.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Activist Roll Call. When you provide your Personal Information to
add your name to the Activist Roll Call, other users and visitors of the
Site will see the name you submitted. You can choose what other Personal
Information, if any, to share publicly on the Site by making selections via
the submission form and by choosing what, if any, additional material (such
as a personal history or testimony) to submit to the Site. Providing
Personal Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of
interaction you want to have with other Site users and visitors.
Service Providers and Others. We may employ individuals and third
party companies such as Google to facilitate our service, to provide
services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (including but not
limited to maintenance services, database management, web analytics and
improvement of the Site's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our
Site and service are used. These third parties have access to the Personal
Information you have chosen to display only for purposes of performing
these tasks on our behalf. We may also provide Personal Information to
other entities with whom we have cooperative relationships so that they can
engage in any of the activities described in Section 2 above.
Compliance with Laws. Under extreme circumstances, we may be
required to disclose information about you to government or law enforcement
officials or private parties. We will do so only in the unlikely event that
we, in our sole discretion, believe it absolutely necessary to respond to
claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to
protect the safety of the public or any person, to protect the property and
rights of us or a third party, or to prevent or stop activity we may
consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical or
legally actionable activity. Such action will only be undertaken in
consultation with legal experts and only if we determine that there is no
alternative.
Website Transfer. We may transfer or otherwise share some or all of
our assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a
merger, acquisition, or reorganization of the Site at some point in the
future. We will make a reasonable effort to notify you before transferring
your information to a new entity as part of a merger, acquisition, or
reorganization of some or all of our assets if the new entity's processing
of your information will materially differ from that set forth in this
Privacy Policy.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in your
submissions by contacting us. If you would like us to delete your records
from our system, please contact us at
webmaster@crmvet.org.
with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may
retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for
legitimate business purposes.
Security
The information you have chosen to post or display on the Site is publicly
available. For Personal Information that you have provided to us but chosen
not to display, we employ reasonable physical, technological, and
administrative security measures to protect your information from
unauthorized access. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method
of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive
to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information,
we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy Toward Children
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her
child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he
or she should contact us at
webmaster@crmvet.org. If we
become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal
Information, we will delete such information from our files and the Site.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
webmaster@crmvet.org
See also:
Copyright Policy
Submissions Policy
Webspinner:
webmaster@crmvet.org
(Labor donated)