http://www.duicenter.com/privacy.html
The Drunk Driving Law Center
Brought to you by The Law Office of Lawrence Taylor, Inc.
Privacy
The Law Offices of Lawrence Taylor, Inc. has developed strict policies and procedures to ensure the privacy of clients and those visiting the website and offices are not violated.
Records of visitors to the website are not taken other than for statistical purposes. No “cookies” or recording devices are used. No information given by users of the website is taken for use or sale to third parties.
Any emails, telephone calls, or other inquiries are fully confidential and not used for other purposes other than communicating. Protection of all communications with clients and users are protected by California’s Attorney-Client Privilege laws. The Attorney-Client Privilege laws cover any and all communications regardless of retaining our firm and services. Along with our attorneys, the entire staff must adhere to all Attorney-Client Privilege laws.
» Taylor & Taylor Law Offices
Home
DUI FAQ's
The New DUI
Driver's Guide
Breathalyzer
License Suspensions
Lawyer's Guide
DUI Research
DUI Checkpoints
The DUI Officer
DUI Books
DUI Blog
Audio Lectures
DUI Law Firms
DUI Nationally
Abogados De DUI
California DUI Laws
DUI Court Decisions
More DUI Resources
Email Us
DUI Defense Video Library
Should I take the field sobriety tests?
Interview (3 of 15)
Should I take the breath test?
Interview (4 of 15)
What criminal penalties am I facing?
Interview (8 of 15)
What can I do if the breath test says that I’m over .08%?
Interview (11 of 15)
How can I get my driver’s license back?
Interview (5 of 15)
Why hire a DUI attorney?
Interview (10 of 15)
How do I find a good DUI defense attorney?
Interview (13 of 15)
What Advice Do You Have For Drivers Who Are Stopped For A Possible DUI?
Interview (4 of 13)
What Are The Best DUI Defenses?
Interview (6 of 13)
How Hard Is It To Get A DUI Charge Reduced?
Interview (8 of 13)
Are Tougher DUI Laws Making It Harder To Defend A DUI Client?
Interview (3 of 13)
How Can An Attorney Become More Effective At Defending DUI Cases?
Interview (9 of 13)
Welcome to the Law Offices of Lawrence Taylor
Interview (1 of 15)
::Site Map::
::Terms and Conditions::
::Privacy::
Home::
DUI FAQ's::
Drivers Guide::
Lawyer's Guide::
DUI Books::
Audio Lectures::
DUI Videos::
Site Map
© 1998 - 2017 Lawrence Taylor :: All Rights Reserved
Professionally managed by leveltwo business architects
Return To Top