http://www.rbrlaw.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main navigation
PRIVACY
POLICY
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU
CALL FOR A FREE CONSULTATION
Being involved, fighting for change, and giving back to the world around us.
Rossman, Baumberger, Reboso, & Spier, P.A. (“RBRS, P.A.” or “The Firm”) is committed to the protection of your privacy, and will treat all of the information you provide through RBRS, P.A. website, including your registration information, with the utmost respect. RBRS, P.A. works diligently to ensure that it has taken all appropriate administrative and technical measures to prevent the unauthorized or unlawful use of your personally identifiable information, and to prevent any accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information. RBRS, P.A. will not sell or disclose personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third parties except in accordance with this "Privacy Policy".
Collection of Information.
RBRS, P.A.’s website collects certain information about visitors, even when they are not logged in. RBRS, P.A. may record your IP address, the URLs of the websites and pages you visit (before, during and after your visit to RBRS, P.A. website), the times and dates of such visits, information about the computer hardware and software you use and other information that may be available. Also, RBRS, P.A. may place "cookies" on your computer to recognize you on return visits to enable RBRS, P.A.to enhance your browsing experience, as well as to collect additional information about you. You may adjust your browser settings or use other means to prevent cookies from being placed on your computer, but doing so may result in reduced functionality and a less personalized browsing experience.
RBRS, P.A. may ask you to provide certain additional information about yourself, including your name, contact information, the organization you come from, and certain other information that RBRS, P.A. may use to identify you. If you choose not to provide such information, you may not be permitted to access certain Firm website features, content, and services.
Use of Information.
RBRS, P.A. uses the information that it collects about you to improve your browsing experience by personalizing RBRS, P.A.’s websites to your interest, and also to help RBRS, P.A. select content and services that you may find interesting and useful. Information about the content you visit and services you use may be used alone or in conjunction with information collected from other users to help RBRS, P.A. tailor the RBRS, P.A. website and its other products and services to better suit the needs and interests of you and other users.
Information that you provide may also be used as part of RBRS, P.A.’s effort to keep you informed about events, and services that may be of interest to you. In some cases, RBRS, P.A. may contact you with information from carefully selected third parties, but RBRS, P.A. will not provide information to third parties for such purposes. In other cases, your information might be shared with a third party pursuant to a process that contemplates such sharing but which you knowingly initiate.
RBRS, P.A. reserves the right to disclose any information that it obtains through the RBRS, P.A. website to appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities, if required by law or any governmental agency.
Transfers of Information.
From time to time, RBRS, P.A. may disclose information about you to carefully selected service providers that RBRS, P.A. may engage to host Firm website or to provide other services. RBRS, P.A. will require all such service providers to use the information solely to provide the specified services, and otherwise to conform to the requirements of this Privacy Policy. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, RBRS, P.A. will not provide your information to third parties for any other purpose, including marketing.
Additional Services.
From time to time, RBRS, P.A. may offer additional services through the RBRS, P.A. website. In some cases additional services may be subject to alternative terms of use (as identified by The Firm), and your use of any such services will constitute your acceptance of such alternative terms of use. Unless otherwise stated, such alternative terms of use shall apply to supplement this Agreement and in the context of any conflicting terms, this Agreement shall govern with respect to any RBRS, P.A. websites, content and services, excepting only those services which are expressly covered, and then only to the extent so expressly covered, by such alternative terms.
Information Sent by Way of the Website is Not Secure
Any information sent to RBRS, P.A. via Internet, email, or through the website is not secure and is done so on a non-confidential basis. Any information you send RBRS, P.A. over the Internet, either through the Firm's website or via email is done at your own risk.
Sending Information Does Not Form an Attorney - Client Relationship
Transmission of information from this website does not create an attorney-client relationship between you and the firm, nor is it intended to do so. The transmission of the website, in part or in whole, and/or any communication with us via Internet or email through this site does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship between us and any recipients.
Other lawyers may work in a firm. We work as a firm.
©2020 Rossman, Baumberger, Reboso & Spier, P.A. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
About
Charitable Causes
Attorneys
Stephen F. Rossman, Esq.
Charles H. Baumberger, Esq.
Manuel "Alex" Reboso, Esq.
Howard A. Spier, Esq.
Alexandra M. Reboso, Esq.
Andrew P. Rodriguez, Esq.
Evan S. Abel, Esq.
Case Results
Practice Areas
Railroad & F.E.L.A.
Products Liability
Pharmaceutical & Medical Device Litigation
Negligent Security
Construction Site & Premises Accidents
Cruise Line
Appeals
Mediation
Brain & Spinal Cord Injury
Traumatic Amputations
Auto/Trucking Accidents
Boating Accidents
Medical Negligence
Aviation Accidents
Birth Trauma/ Baby Brain Damage
News
FAQ
Contact