https://www.greenbelt.org.uk/terms-conditions/
TicketsSupportNews
CLOSE TicketsAboutWhat is Greenbelt?Our ManifestoWho we areMade In PalestineAboutEventsSupport the artistsMarketplaceInfoEssential InfoAccessAccommodationTravelA greener festivalSupportMediaTalksPodcastVideosPhotosBlogLook Back2020 Wild At Home2019 Wit and Wisdom2018 Acts of the ImaginationCommunionNewsletterWhen tickets are purchased via the Greenbelt website and box office, ticket buyers agree to our Terms and Conditions.Show AllWhen tickets are purchased via the Greenbelt website and box office, ticket buyers agree to our Terms and Conditions.Terms & Conditions of Entrance to the Festival and for Purchase of a Ticket to Greenbelt Festivals and events.1. Interpretation1.1.The definitions and rules of interpretation in this condition apply in these Conditions.Box Office: any Greenbelt box office currently in existence.Conditions: the terms and conditions set out in this document.Contract: any contract between Greenbelt and You for the sale and purchase of a Ticket.Event: an arts/music/social justice event organised by Greenbelt in relation to which a Ticket is purchased including an online event.Festival: an arts and music festival organised by Greenbelt in relation to which a Ticket is purchased including an online festival.Greenbelt: Greenbelt Festivals, a company limited by guarantee whose registered office is at The Nest, Floor2, Church House, 86 Tavistock Place, Kings Cross, LONDON, WC1H 9RT, registered in England and Wales under company registration number 1812893 and Charity Commission registered charity number 289372.Order: any order which You submit to Greenbelt, requesting a Ticket, whether in writing or by telephone or online booking.Regulations: those further conditions and rules of on-Site conduct set out in Schedule A to these Conditions.Site: the site at which a relevant Festival or Event is staged including, where appropriate, the streaming platform of an online Festival or Event.Ticket: any ticket or pass which Greenbelt agrees to supply to You for entry to a Festival or Event and any reference to a Ticket in these Conditions shall include a reference to all relevant Wristbands.Wristband: a wristband identifying the holder as having the rights of entry to a Festival or Event conferred by a Ticket.You: a person, firm, company or unincorporated entity who or which purchases a Ticket from Greenbelt.1.2. A reference to a law is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being taking account of any amendment, extension, application or re-enactment and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force made under it. 1.3. Words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular. 1.4. A reference to one gender includes a reference to the other genders. 1.5. Condition headings do not affect the interpretation of these Conditions. 1.6. The Schedules to these Conditions form part of them and are incorporated into the Contract.2. Application of terms2.1. The Contract shall be on these Conditions to the exclusion of all other terms and Conditions (including any terms or conditions which You purport to apply under any Order, confirmation of order, specification or other document or communication).2.2. No terms or conditions endorsed on, delivered with or contained in Your Order or other document or communication shall form part of the Contract.2.3. These Conditions shall apply to all Greenbelt’s sales of Tickets and any variation to these Conditions and any representations about any Ticket or any Festival or Event to which such a Ticket may relate shall have no effect unless expressly agreed in writing and validly signed for and on behalf of Greenbelt.2.4. These Terms and Conditions do not affect your statutory rights.2.5. Greenbelt may from time to time publish on its website further terms and conditions in relation to the sale of Tickets in addition to these Conditions. Such further terms and conditions shall be deemed to be included in these Conditions and be incorporated into the Contract. If and to the extent that there is any conflict between such further conditions and these Conditions, the further conditions shall prevail.2.6. Subject to Condition 10.2, You acknowledge that You have not relied on any statement, promise or representation made or given by or on behalf of Greenbelt which is not set out in these Conditions.2.7. Each Order for a Ticket by You from Greenbelt shall be deemed to be an offer by You to buy that Ticket or those Tickets stated in the Order and made subject to these Conditions.2.8. No Order shall be deemed to be accepted by Greenbelt until Greenbelt has delivered a Ticket to You pursuant to that Order.2.9. You:2.9.1. warrant and shall ensure that the terms of Your Order and any applicable specifications within that Order are complete and accurate when you submit that Order to Greenbelt; and2.9.2. shall check the details of any Festival or Event in respect of which You have bought any Ticket before travelling to that Festival or Event, either by checking (i) on the Greenbelt Website or (ii) with the Box Office and warrant that on the day of arrival at that Festival or Event that You are aware of all matters that might reasonably be clear or inferred from the material appearing on that Website.2.10. If You breach any of these Conditions, Greenbelt shall be entitled to cancel any or all Tickets bought by You in relation to the Contract thus breached.2.11. If Greenbelt cancels any Ticket pursuant to Condition 2.10, Greenbelt shall not be obliged to repay to You any amount which it has received from You in respect of that Ticket.3. Number of Tickets and Description of Festival/Event3.1. Greenbelt shall not be obliged to issue to You any more Tickets than that number requested in the relevant Order.3.2. Greenbelt may decide that it will not issue more than a fixed maximum number of Tickets in respect of any Festival or Event. If Greenbelt so decides, Greenbelt may issue to You such lower number of Tickets than the number requested in the relevant Order as it may in its absolute discretion decide.3.3. Greenbelt undertakes to exercise its reasonable endeavours to ensure that all information which it publishes in relation to any Festival or Event is materially and reasonably accurate at the date of such publication. Greenbelt may make changes to that published information and other materials at any time without notice.3.4. Notwithstanding Condition 3.3, all images, drawings, descriptive matter, specifications and advertising published and/or issued by Greenbelt and any descriptions or illustrations contained in Greenbelt’s website, catalogues or brochures are issued or published for the sole purpose of giving an approximate idea of the Festival or Event described in them. They shall not form part of the Contract.3.5. Greenbelt reserves the right to rearrange, cancel or postpone any event or performance previously scheduled to occur at any Festival or Event, if it reasonably decides that it needs to do so as a result of the occurrence of any matter or circumstance beyond Greenbelt’s reasonable control.3.6. If Greenbelt exercises its right stated in Condition 3.5, Greenbelt shall not be obliged to repay You any money that You have paid to it in respect of a Ticket.4. Delivery4.1. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Greenbelt, all E-Tickets shall be sent by email at least 4 weeks prior to the email registered when the order was placed.5. Tickets5.1. You shall not have the benefit of any Ticket, or of any rights of entry to any Festival or Event to which a Ticket relates until Greenbelt has received in full (in cash or cleared funds) all sums due to it under the relevant Contract.5.2. If You receive a Ticket before You have paid all sums due under the relevant Contract, You shall hold the Ticket on trust for Greenbelt as its legal and beneficial owner, store it safely and not destroy, deface or obscure it and maintain it in satisfactory condition.5.3. You may not resell any Ticket to any person or unincorporated entity for any reason or on any basis whatsoever. This restriction shall not apply to any decision by Greenbelt to refund the price of any Ticket to you, in return for Your return to Greenbelt of the relevant Ticket and any relevant Wristband.5.4. Greenbelt reviews the terms and conditions (including, without limitation, the price) of Tickets throughout the year and may vary the price which it charges in respect of Tickets for any particular Festival or Event at any time. Greenbelt will publish all increases in the price of Tickets prior to any such change.6. Replacing wristbands6.1. Greenbelt will not be obliged to issue duplicate Wristbands for lost or stolen Wristbands. If You lose a Wristband and wish to enter and/or remain on the Site, You must purchase a replacement Wristband at the full current Ticket price.6.2. If a Wristband becomes broken or damaged prior to the Festival or Event, Greenbelt may (at its option and at its sole discretion) decide to replace that Wristband without charge, provided that You return the Wristband to Greenbelt prior to the relevant Festival or report to the Box Office with the damaged Wristband upon first arrival at the entrance to the Site for the relevant Festival or Event.6.3. Wristbands that are removed from the wrist or tampered with or lost will be rendered invalid and will not be replaced. A replacement wristband will need to be purchased at the full price.7. Price7.1. Unless otherwise agreed by Greenbelt in writing, the price for Tickets shall be the price set out on Greenbelt’s website in respect of Tickets for the relevant Festival or Event on the date on which you place Your Order for the relevant Ticket.7.2. The price for the Ticket shall be inclusive of any value added tax, but exclusive of all costs or charges in relation to postage and packaging of Tickets to you, which You shall pay in addition to the price of the Ticket when or before payment for the Ticket is due.8. Payment8.1. You shall send payment price for the Ticket at the same time that You submit the Order for that Ticket.8.2. Payment is due in pounds sterling on the date on which Greenbelt delivers the Ticket to You and time for payment shall be of the essence.8.3. No payment shall be deemed to have been received in respect of a Ticket until Greenbelt has received that money in cleared funds.8.4.Instalment Tickets require an additional two further instalment payments to be paid by 31st Jan and 30th April for Earlybird Instalments, or 31st May and 30th June for Tier 1 Instalments, in order to be valid for entry to the Festival. (Email reminders will be sent during the year). Your E-tickets will be sent in July.9. Conduct at Festivals/Events and further conditions9.1. You agree to and shall comply with each of the Regulations, which are conditions of the Contract.10. Limitation of liability10.1. Subject to Condition 10.2:10.1.1. any liability of Greenbelt for non-delivery of a Ticket shall be limited to replacing the Ticket within a reasonable time or issuing a refund for that Ticket against proof of having submitted a valid Order to Greenbelt in respect of that Ticket;10.1.2. if either Greenbelt is or You are in breach of any of the terms of any Contract, neither of us will be responsible for any losses that the other suffers as a result of the breach, except those losses which are a foreseeable consequence of the relevant breach; and10.1.3. Greenbelt’s liability shall not in any event include any losses:(a) related to any business in connection with which You may be involved, such as (without limitation) lost data, lost profits or loss arising from business interruption; (b) arising from your purchase of any goods services supplied to you by any third party to the Contract; or (c) arising from the actions of any person in respect of whom Greenbelt does not bear a legal responsibility to You.10.2. Nothing in these Conditions excludes or limits the liability of Greenbelt:10.2.1. for death or personal injury caused by Greenbelt’s negligence;10.2.2. under section 2(3), Consumer Protection Act 1987;10.2.3. for any matter which it would be illegal for Greenbelt to exclude or attempt to exclude its liability; or10.2.4. for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.11. Force majeure11.1. Greenbelt reserves the right to defer the date of delivery or to cancel the Contract or reduce the number of Tickets delivered to You pursuant to an Order (without liability to You) if it is prevented from or delayed in the carrying on of its business due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of Greenbelt.11.2. If Greenbelt so reduces the number of Tickets which it delivers to You, it shall not be entitled to payment from You of the price of those Tickets not delivered to You and Greenbelt will refund to You any such amount which You have paid in respect of the Ticket or Tickets not provided.12. Communications12.1. All communications between the parties about the Contract shall be in writing and delivered by hand or sent by pre-paid first class post or sent by email.12.2. in case of communications to Greenbelt, to its registered office or such changed address as shall be notified to You by Greenbelt; or, if sent by email to gbinfo@greenbelt.org.uk.12.3. in the case of the communications to You, to the registered office of the addressee (if You are a company) or (in any other case) to any address for You set out in any document which forms part of the Contract or such other address as You may have notified to Greenbelt.12.4. Communications shall be deemed to have been received:12.4.1. if sent by pre-paid first class post, two days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and bank and public holidays) after posting (exclusive of the day of posting); or12.4.2. if delivered by hand, on the day of delivery; or12.4.3. if sent by email 24 hours after sending.12.4.4. Communications addressed to Greenbelt shall be marked for the attention of Festival Administrator.13. General13.1. On termination of the Contract, howsoever caused:13.2. You shall forthwith return all Tickets and Wristbands relating to those Tickets to Greenbelt; and13.3. Conditions 2 and 5 shall remain in effect.13.4. Each right or remedy of Greenbelt under the Contract is without prejudice to any other right or remedy of Greenbelt whether under the Contract or not.13.5. If any provision of the Contract is found by any court, tribunal or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be wholly or partly illegal, invalid, void, voidable, unenforceable or unreasonable it shall to the extent of such illegality, invalidity, voidness, voidability, unenforceability or unreasonableness be deemed severable and the remaining provisions of the Contract and the remainder of such provision shall continue in full force and effect.13.6. Failure or delay by Greenbelt in enforcing or partially enforcing any provision of the Contract shall not be construed as a waiver of any of its rights under the Contract.13.7. Any waiver by Greenbelt of any breach of, or any default under, any provision of the Contract by You shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default and shall in no way affect the other terms of the Contract.13.8. The parties to the Contract do not intend that any term of the Contract shall be enforceable by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any person that is not a party to it.13.9. This Contract and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.14. Concessionary and Free Wristbands14.1. Greenbelt may issue Wristbands for free or at such concessionary rates and subject to such terms and conditions as Greenbelt may from time to time at its discretion decide.14.2. Greenbelt may at its absolute and sole discretion refuse to supply any free or concessionary rate Wristband.14.3. Greenbelt may make Wristbands available at a concessionary rate to faith leaders who are attending the relevant Festival or Event for the first time.14.4. Greenbelt may not supply a Wristband at a concessionary rate to a faith leader unless that faith leader or such other person as she or he may authorise:14.4.1. provides such proof of personal identification (see section 14.8) in respect of the faith leader as may be reasonably necessary to establish the identity of the faith leader; and14.4.2. for presentation of proof of ID, and Ticket vouchers , takes such documentation to the appropriate Greenbelt allotted venue (see section 16, E-Ticket Exchange).14.5. Greenbelt may make concessionary-priced Tickets available for purchase for such grounds and on such conditions as it may from time to time decide.14.6. If Greenbelt agrees to supply a Ticket to You for free or at a concessionary rate, that Ticket is so supplied on the basis that the grounds and conditions on which the Ticket was supplied must be on the first advertised day of the Festival or Event and not at the time of placing their order. Applicants should be aware that they might therefore be asked to provide further evidence of their personal status.14.7. Greenbelt’s decision to issue any free or concessionary Wristband if and when Greenbelt has received a true copy of proof of identity of the person to or in respect of whom the application is made. Such proof must clearly identify and name the person or persons in respect of whom the application for the Wristband(s) is made.14.8. Examples of personal identification for free or concessionary Wristbands may include the following:14.8.1. Greenbelt may choose to issue Wristbands to faith leaders for free or reduced rates if the relevant Wristband is issued to the faith leader for use by faith leader for their personal attendance at a Festival or Event.14.8.2. If an applicant is to demonstrate to Greenbelt her or his identity as a faith leader, Greenbelt may consider any of the following as proof of such identity:14.8.2.1. a valid licence of ministry for the relevant faith community;14.8.2.2. a genuine letterhead or compliment slip for the faith community, bearing the name of the faith leader printed as part of the letterhead information;14.8.3. a web link to a website of the faith community, showing the relevant person as being a leader of that faith community;14.8.4. a genuine and valid newsletter, bulletin, information sheet, staff rota or circuit list in respect of the faith community, demonstrating that the person is a leader of that faith community;14.8.5. a letter of introduction in respect of the person from a senior person in ministry in the faith community of which the relevant person is a faith leader, certifying that the person is a faith leader.14.9. If a person wishes to apply for a free or concessionary rate Wristband on the following grounds, Greenbelt may accept the following as proof of those grounds if they reasonably demonstrate the relevant status:14.9.1. Unemployment: a genuine JobCentre Plus letter or Department of Works & Pensions letter;14.9.2. Status of being a student of 18 years or over and in Full Time education (whether school, college or university): a valid and genuine UCAS Letter, 6th form school or college letter, student card or letter from the student’s university;14.9.3. Single Parents: a valid and genuine Council tax bill showing reduction for single adult,child tax credit or supporting letter, Jobcentre Plus letter, confirming sole guardianship;14.9.4. OAPS (over 65yrs): a valid Passport, driving licence or bus pass (showing name & date of birth);14.9.5. Disabled: valid DLA, Personal Independence Payment (PIP)  documentation or Blue badge.14.10. Personal Assistants for disabled persons14.10.1. Greenbelt may issue a Wristband for free to any carer of a person attending a Festival or Event who is registered disabled and who requires the presence of another person to assist them with mobility and daily living requirements.14.10.2. Greenbelt may only issue a free Wristband on grounds that it is being issued to a carer for a disabled person if the applicant for the Wristband applies for it directly to the Box Office.15. Purchasing ON-LINE TICKET PURCHASES15.1. Greenbelt may process any on-line purchase of a Ticket by debiting the purchaser’s debit or credit card. Greenbelt may administer and process such Orders and payments by way of such online payment system as it may decide.15.2. Greenbelt may charge the entire amount due in respect of a Ticket ordered on-line at the time at which the purchaser submits the on-line Order or (acting reasonably) at any time thereafter.15.3. Once it has processed an Order, Greenbelt will send to the purchaser an emailed confirmation of that Order having been processed, showing a reference number.15.4. You agree that the email referred to in paragraph 15.3 above shall be Your proof of having purchased the relevant ticket. You should print that email in hard copy for your records.TELEPHONE TICKET PURCHASES15.5. Greenbelt may add such a booking fee to the amount charged in respect of any Order placed by telephone as it may reasonably decide.15.6. Conditions 15.1 and 15.2, above apply to telephone bookings.POSTAL WRISTBAND PURCHASES15.7. Greenbelt may accept payments in respect of Orders further to Your sending to Greenbelt a cheque or credit or debit card details using such order form as Greenbelt may publish on its website from time to time or by using a Greenbelt mailer form.15.8. You should make any cheque in respect of any Order payable to “Greenbelt Festivals” and send the cheque to the Box Office at the following address:Greenbelt Festivals Box Office The Nest, 86 Tavistock Place LONDON WC1H 9RT15.9. You should send credit or debit card details to the Box Office at the address stated in paragraph 15.8 above.15.10. Conditions 15.1 and 15.2 above apply to payments made by credit or debit card.15.11. Once an Order has been submitted and processed, any personal, financial or emailed information received will be destroyed, unless required for proof of purchase of wristbands to be collected from the Box Office.16. Festival E-Ticket Exchange16.1. You must bring all E-Tickets with you to the Festival, where they will be exchanged for Festival Wristbands.16.2. No entry to the Festival will be permitted without a Festival Wristband.17. Refunds17.1. The United Kingdom’s Distance Selling Regulations apply to Orders made on-line, by mail order, by telephone or by fax. You therefore may cancel any contract for the purchase of any Ticket within fourteen working days of receiving your receipt confirming your purchase. If you have chosen to pay for your Ticket by staged payments, you may cancel within fourteen working days of receiving your receipt confirming your Stage 1 payment. You are not able to cancel after any further staged payments.17.2. It is Your responsibility to ensure that any purchase in respect of which You want a refund has been notified to Greenbelt within fourteen working days of the purchase. Thereafter, Greenbelt will not issue refunds excepting in exceptional circumstances such as death or hospitalisation of a ticket holder, which will be considered on a case by case basis. All decisions made by Greenbelt regarding this are final.17.3. Greenbelt will not make any refund in respect of any lost, stolen or damaged e-Ticket or Wristband.17.4. Greenbelt may (acting reasonably) refuse any person admission to any Festival or Event. Greenbelt will not offer any refund to any person who has bought a Ticket and who is refused entry, for any reasonable reason.18. Cancellation Policy 18.1. Greenbelt may at its option and at its absolute discretion amend any element of, or cancel any Festival or Event.18.2. If Greenbelt cancels a Festival or Event prior to commencement of the relevant Festival or Event, Greenbelt is under no obligation to refund the purchase price of any Ticket purchased for access to the Festival or Event.18.3. If Greenbelt cancels a Festival or Event, Greenbelt will exercise its reasonable efforts to inform You using such contact details as you have previously provided to it when You submitted Your Order, although Greenbelt does not warrant that it will be able to so contact You.18.4. It is Your responsibility to check whether the Festival or Event in respect of which You have bought a Ticket is to take place on the date and at the time and venue previously notified in relation to that Festival or Event. Greenbelt does not warrant that it will be able to contact You in respect of the cancellation of, or any change to any Festival or Event. This is particularly the case if any such change is made at short notice before the start of the relevant Festival or Event.18.5. If a Festival or Event is postponed or Greenbelt makes any material change in respect of a Festival or Event, (including any change of the venue for that Festival or Event), any Ticket that You have bought for access to that Festival or Event will remain valid for the revised Festival or Event unless Greenbelt notifies You otherwise.18.6. Tickets supplied to You are for Your personal use or that of individuals attending the relevant Festival or Event in respect of whom those Tickets have been purchased only.18.7. Greenbelt may cancel the validity of any Ticket purchased if Greenbelt reasonably believes that the Ticket has been resold after its supply to You (or that You or any other person has attempted to resell that Ticket) at a higher price than the price at which Greenbelt sold that Ticket to You. This includes the resale or attempted resale of any Ticket via auction sites such as eBay.18.8. Greenbelt may refuse entry to a Festival or Event (or require that a person leave the site of a Festival or Event) if Greenbelt reasonably believes that that person is in possession of a Ticket or Wristband which has been sold to her or him by someone other than Greenbelt.19. Privacy  Greenbelt takes privacy very seriously. Greenbelt’s Data Privacy Notice describes the personal information we collect and how it is used and what we do to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation which governs the processing of personal data. SCHEDULE A – REGULATIONSWhen tickets are purchased on the Greenbelt website, ticket buyers agree to abide by our regulations1. On-Site Regulations1.1. You agree with the following and will comply with them. In these Regulations, a reference to: “Greenbelt” includes a reference to any Greenbelt officer, employee and any other person validly authorised by Greenbelt for the purpose described in the relevant regulation; and “You” and “Your” includes a reference to any person to whom You have supplied the Wristband to which the relevant regulation refers and any person participating in an online Event or Festival by virtue of Your Ticket.1.2. You shall wear the Wristband issued in respect of the relevant Ticket as a condition of entry to the Site and at all times whilst You are on that Site.1.3. You consent to being – deliberately or inadvertently – photographed, filmed and/or sound recorded for TV, Video, DVD, Webcast or other public broadcast as part of the audience (for no fee) or by security CCTV, and you give permission for Greenbelt to use that material for any purpose at any time.1.4. You agree that Greenbelt will not allow any person aged between 6 and 15 years of age to enter or be present on the Site unless accompanied and at all times effectively supervised by an appropriate number of suitable adults aged over the age of 21.  Those aged 16 and 17 must have parent or carer permission and carry this with them to Greenbelt, including contact details for a responsible adult (over 21)  who is either available on Site, or is able to come and collect them in person in an emergency.1.5. You shall ensure that all children on Site who are aged from birth to 5 years old inclusive are at all times accompanied by a suitable person over the age of 18 years.1.6. You shall at all times ensure that You are and any person under the age of 18 in respect of whom you have responsibility is lawfully allowed to enter and be present at the Site and any particular venue on the Site.1.7. You shall produce on request by Greenbelt valid identification which establishes, to Greenbelt’s reasonable satisfaction:1.7.1. Your age and identity, if You are below the age of 18, and the age (i.e. over 21) identity and contact details of the person who is acting as responsible adult for You; and1.7.2. the age and identity of any person below the age of 18 in respect of whom You have responsibility at the site.1.8. You will at all times that You are on the Site act in such a way as not to prejudice the security of the Site or any part of it or the safety of any other person on the Site or the smooth-running of the Festival or Event.1.9. Greenbelt reserves the right to refuse You admission to the Site if Greenbelt reasonably considers that Your presence on the Site is or may reasonably foreseeably be prejudicial to Site security and/or the safety of any person or disrupt the smooth-running of the Festival or Event. In these circumstances, Greenbelt shall not be obliged to make any refund to you of the price of Your Ticket for that Festival or Event.1.10. You shall physically leave the Site immediately if, acting reasonably, any member of any emergency service, any officer or employee of Greenbelt or any other person authorised by Greenbelt to act on behalf of Greenbelt at the relevant Festival or Event requests you to do so.2. Other Important Information2.1. The use of photographic and/or recording equipment at Festival or Event venues without authorisation from Greenbelt is prohibited.2.2. Illegal drugs and alcohol. You should tell an official if any person offers any illegal drugs to You.2.3. Alcohol is for sale to those over 18 years old in publicised areas. Parents of, or the relevant responsible adult for, anybody under the age of 18 years who is found to be intoxicated will be contacted. You must not drink alcohol in any area of a Site which is not designated by Greenbelt for the drinking of alcohol. Greenbelt considers that incompetence through the consumption of alcohol constitutes anti-social behaviour. Greenbelt reserves the right to eject from Site or on-Site venue any person whom it reasonably considers to be causing a nuisance to any other person and is intoxicated.2.4. You acknowledge and agree that you may be searched by Greenbelt or any of its employees, officers or agents on entry to any Site or on-Site venue.2.5. It is Greenbelt’s policy to report to the relevant authorities all possession of any illegal substances.2.6. Greenbelt accepts no liability for personal damage, loss or injury sustained at any Festival or Event, including (without limitation) any damage to or loss of property and/or motor vehicle, if and to the extent that the loss or damage is caused by the action or negligence of any person other than Greenbelt or any of its officers, employees, agents or other person in respect of whom Greenbelt bears liability to You under statute.2.7. You must not carry out any trading and must not assist or allow any trading to occur at any Site without Greenbelt’s prior consent in writing.2.8. You must not use any Wristband as part of any marketing, media or sales promotion, whether commercial or non-commercial, without the prior written consent of Greenbelt.2.9. Greenbelt may require anybody found to be selling anything at a Festival or Event without Greenbelt’s prior written consent to leave the Site of that Festival or Event. If requested to do so, You must leave the Site immediately.2.10. You must not bring the following items onto any Site: any illegal substance, portable laser equipment/pens, film or video equipment, audio recorder, air horn, spray cans, fireworks and/or flares. Greenbelt’s policy is: (i) to report to the authorities the possession of any item the possession or use of which constitutes or may constitute an illegal act and (ii) require any person possessing any of the same to leave the relevant Site or on-Site venue. If Greenbelt requires You to leave a Site or on-Site venue, you must do so immediately.2.11. You agree that, subject to any applicable law, any employee, officer, agent of, or person lawfully authorised by, Greenbelt may physically search You if Greenbelt or any of its employees, officers or persons authorised to act on its behalf reasonably suspects You of carrying any item which could be used in an offensive or dangerous manner or of carrying out any illegal activity within the Site.2.12. Greenbelt may ask any person not acting responsibly at a Festival or Event or disrupting the smooth-running of the Festival or Event to leave that Site. You must leave the Site immediately if Greenbelt or any of its employees, officers or any person authorised by Greenbelt asks you to do so. Greenbelt reserves the right, without any liability, to remove You from an online Event or Festival if in Greenbelt’s opinion You are not acting responsibly or are disrupting the smooth-running of such Event or Festival.2.13. You must not smoke in any enclosed public space or building or any other structure to which the Smoke-free (Premises and Enforcement) Regulations 2006 applies and You will comply with those Regulations and all other legislation applicable to smoking.2.14. The use of drones/similar devices is prohibited on the Site. You must not bring a drone/similar device on to site with you, nor fly one over the site from elsewhere. Greenbelt’s policy is to (i) report to the authorities the possession of any item the use of which constitutes or may constitute an illegal act under aviation legislation and (ii) require any person possessing any of the same to leave the relevant Site.3. Unauthorised Trading, Advertising, Leafleting and other Commercial or Promotional Activity3.1. Only those attendees who have been given express prior permission by Greenbelt to trade, advertise, distribute leaflets or conduct any other commercial or promotional activities on the Site may do so.  Trading, advertising, leafleting and commercial or promotional activities by all other attendees is strictly prohibited.  This prohibition extends to and includes any unauthorised permit, wristband, ticket or merchandise sellers or hawkers.3.2. We reserve the right to confiscate any equipment, stock or other materials in the possession of any attendee whilst on the Site who is, or whom we reasonably believe to be, involved in unauthorised trade, advertising, leaflet distribution or other commercial or promotional activities.3.3. We reserve the right to take such legal action (including where appropriate obtaining injunctive and other relief) against or in respect of any person or entity that is in breach of this Regulation 3, who has in the past breached this Regulation 3 (or any equivalent prior provision) or whom we reasonably believe will breach this Regulation 3.3.4. If any unauthorised advertising or other sponsorship, promotional or marketing material is distributed to Attendees outside the Site (for example, items of clothing) we reserve the right to refuse entry to any Attendee in possession of such material and to confiscate such material from Attendees within the Site.4. Comments and Complaints4.1. Greenbelt is committed to providing an excellent service. If you have any concerns, please contact Greenbelt with your comments and Greenbelt will try to respond to any complaints within 48 hours.4.2. If You have any queries or concerns in relation to Your Order, please contact our Box Office on 020 7329 0038 or by email at boxoffice@greenbelt.org.uk.4.3. Greenbelt Festivals is a charitable company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales under company registration number 1812893 and charity registration number 289372, whose registered office is at Greenbelt Festivals, The Nest, Floor 2, 86 Tavistock Place, London, WC1H 9RT.
This site uses cookies: Find out more.OK, thank you