http://www.wrfoundation.org/privacy/
Case Study
Learning
Resource Directory
All
Videos
Blog
News-Media
Annual Reports
Case Studies
Featured Content
Latest Annual Report
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Use and is designed to help you understand how
www.wrfoundation.org (this “Site”) collects information about you when you visit the Site and how it uses and discloses that information.
This Privacy Policy applies to data that personally identifies you (“personal information”) that is collected on this Site.
Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
For supplemental information regarding our data collection, use, and sharing practices when you interact directly with us, such as through applying for a job, developing and executing a grant proposal, or engaging with the Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation, please
click here.
Collection of Personal Information
Information We Collect Directly
We have developed our Site so that you may visit it without being required to provide your name, email address, or similar personal information.
However, certain features of the Site may include features or services that permit you to enter contact information and other information about you, such as your name, address, and email address.
We may collect personal information without you entering it on the Site, including by obtaining it from public sources or from third parties, and use it to send you information we think may be of interest to you, where permitted by law. If you don’t want to receive information from us, you can follow the instructions below to stop those messages.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you interact with the Site, certain information about your use of the Site is automatically collected. This information includes your domain name and host for Internet access; the Internet address of the site from which you came; the date and time of your access; your computer’s IP address and information about its operating system, browser and host; the date and time you access the Site and the pages you visit.
Much of this information is collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies, as well as through your web browser or device (e.g., IP address, MAC address, browser version, etc.). The tracking technologies employed when you use our Site may be first-party or third-party. We use cookies for the following purposes:
Performance/Analytics: We use these cookies to analyze how the Site is accessed, used, or is performing. We use this information to maintain, operate, and continually improve the Site. We may also obtain information from our email newsletters, to learn whether you opened or forwarded the newsletter or clicked on any of the content. This information tells us about our newsletters’ effectiveness and helps us ensure that we’re delivering information that you find interesting.
Advertising: Interest-based advertising is the collection of data across different websites and/or difference devices for the purpose of tailoring advertising based on preferences or interests know or inferred from the data collected. We allow third parties, such as Google, Facebook, and Twitter, who assist us in serving advertising regarding the Site when you leave the Site, to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.
The third-party website analytics tools that collect automated information about visitor traffic on our Site include Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. on our Site. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Site, compile reports on the Site’s activity, and provide other services related to the Site’s activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. You can learn how Google collects and processes data and how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, by clicking here.
If you do not want to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject them.
However, if you turn cookies off, you may not have access to some of the Site’s services and features.
We also may allow third parties to issue cookies, pixels, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our Site to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the operations of our Site.
You can learn more about ad serving companies and the options available to limit their collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Initiative. Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings and by resetting the advertiser ID on your Apple or Android device.
Because an industry-standard Do-Not-Track protocol has not yet been established, our information collection practices on our Site will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy regardless of any “Do Not Track” signals that may be sent by certain browsers. However, you may refuse to accept cookies in order to prevent tracking activities.
Information from Social Media
When you interact with the Site through a social media platform (such as by clicking on a social media icon linked from the Site), we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts. If you choose to log in to your account with or through a social networking service, we and that service may share certain information about you and your activities.
Use and Sharing of Personal Information
We may use information you give us to:
Communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests;
Provide, maintain, personalize, optimize, and improve the Site, including research and analytics regarding use of the Site, or to remember you when you leave and return to the Site;
Make decisions about approving and funding grants;
Provide you with more relevant content in email bulletins to which you may be subscribed;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal.
We may share your personal information with third party service providers, affiliates and agents who use the information to help us respond to your requests and to perform services on our behalf.
We may also share information with third parties who we think have a similar mission to ours to enable them to reach you with similar or related messages.
We do not rent or sell your personal information to third parties.
Additional Information About our Information Collection and Sharing Practices
Our Site contains links to other websites. These websites are governed by their own terms of use and privacy policies, which you should read. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services. You should exercise caution, and read the third party privacy policies to understand how the third parties collect, process, share and store your information.
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. We will post any changes, and such changes will become effective when they are posted. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of any changes will mean you accept those changes.
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to use or disclose your personal information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; (d) protect our rights, reputation, personal safety and property, or those of our users, affiliates or the public; or (e) enable our consultants or service providers to help us operate or fulfill your requests more efficiently.
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Site. We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Policy.
Data Storage, Location, and Duration
We store your data in a secure manner in a restricted-access database.
However, no data transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION IN ANY FORM.
Similarly, we disclaim liability for personal information submitted through our Site and you provide us with this data at your own risk. Our databases are located in the US.
If you are outside of the US, you may be located in a region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use or disclosure that differ from US laws, which do not have the same data protection laws as the EU and other regions. By providing your data you consent to: (i) the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy; and (ii) the transfer of your personal data to the US as indicated above and the application of US laws to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Information You Provide About Others
Do not provide or allow others to provide personal information about anyone unless you, on your own behalf and on behalf of anyone whose information you provide: (a) have reviewed and agree with this Privacy Policy, and (b) are authorized to and do consent to have all data used and transferred internationally.
By submitting any personal information about others you represent and warrant that you received such authorization beforehand.
For Users in the EEA and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing personal information: As explained above, we process personal information in various ways depending upon your use of our Site. We process personal information on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreements; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.
Transfers: Personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the US or any other country in which we or our affiliates, partners, or service providers maintain facilities. Upon the start of enforcement of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we will continue to ensure that transfers of personal information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR.
Individual Rights: If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, you are entitled to the following rights once the GDPR becomes effective. Please note: In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with Personal Information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.
The right to access. You have the right to obtain information about our processing of personal data and a copy of your personal data that we store.
The right to rectify your data. You have the right to request that we update your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to request data erasure. You have the right to have your personal information erased from our files if the data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or you believe your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.
The right to restrict or object to our processing. You have the right to restrict or object to our processing if we are processing your data based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest as an exercise of official authority (including profiling); using your data for direct marketing (including profiling); or processing your data for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.
The right to lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with your data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities are available here.
Use of the Site by Children
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the US and similar laws around the world where applicable.
Our Site is not specifically targeted to children, we do not actively solicit information from children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children without proper parental consent.
If you believe that we may have collected personal information from someone under the applicable age of consent without parental consent, please write to us at the physical address set forth below in the section “Inquiries” or email mcastens@wrfoundation.org and we will promptly address the issue.
To Stop Receiving Messages From Us
If you wish to stop receiving messages from us, click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any message you receive from us.
Inquiries
Please contact the Communications Office at mcastens@wrfoundation.org or at the address and numbers listed below with respect to any inquiries about our Privacy Policy.
The Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation
Address: 225 E Markham St, Little Rock, AR 72116
Email: mcastens@wrfoundation.org
Information Collected Under “Career Opportunities”
When you provide information in Career Opportunities we use that information to evaluate your candidacy for employment and to track and evaluate our hiring practices generally. We may disclose your information to recruiters and other third parties who help us review applicants.
When uploading a resume, please do not provide us with sensitive information such as social security numbers, dates of birth, and financial information.
Information Collected Under “Grants”
You may provide us with various pieces of information when we work with you to develop a grant proposal, in the process of funding your grant, and in the process of administering the grant.
We invite individuals who have been provided with a Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation grant to utilize our grantee portal. The information you provide to us during this process is used, stored, and shared under the terms of this Privacy Policy, as if it was collected through this Site.