http://www.hamiltonsfuneralhome.com/privacy_policy.aspx
About Us
Gift Shop
FAQs
En Español
Menu
Funeral Planning
Making Arrangements
Memorial Service Details
The Visitation Period
Selecting a Disposition
Cremation Services
Product Catalog
Family Information Booklet
Payment Options
Advanced Planning
Understanding Advanced Planning
Family Information Booklet
Pricing Guide
Product Catalog
Academy of Grief & Loss
Overview
Grief Information & Education
Grief Resources
Grief Support Services
Grief Support in Schools
Printable Grief & Loss Resources
Services & Obituaries
Events
Academy Events
Community Events
Pet Services
About Us
Gift Shop
FAQs
En Español
Privacy Policy
We understand that privacy is an important issue for visitors to our web site. The following information is designed to help visitors understand what information we may gather from our site, and how we may use this information once it has been gathered.
We reserve the right to change the information contained in this web site without notice. Hamilton's is not responsible for any unintentional errors that may be contained in this web site.
Obituaries and Condolences
With permission from the family, Hamilton's Funeral Homes will publish obituaries on our web site. Families have the right to request their loved one's obituary and service details remain private and they will not be published to the website. Contact us for more information.
We reserve the right to edit, or refuse to list, a condolence that contains language that is unlawful, harmful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable, or encourages conduct that might constitute a criminal offense.
Collection of your Personal Information
The information we collect on our website generally falls into the following two categories: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that is gathered through forms and informs
us on the specifics of who you are. The Personally Identifiable Information we collect when you use our website may include your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, employer, job title, and other personal identifying information. By completing a form you are giving us information to collect your Personally Identifiable Information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. The non-personally identifiable data we collect when you visit our website may include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website that you came from before visiting our website, which pages you visit on our website, which URL you next go to, which browser you used to come to our website, and your Internet Protocol ("IP").
Use of your Personal Information
Hamilton's will not sell, rent, or lease your Personal Information to others. Wherever your Personal Information may be held within Hamilton's Funeral Home, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a data file that certain websites write to your computer's hard drive when you visit such sites. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that the site uses to track the pages you have visited. Hamilton's Funeral Home uses cookies solely to track user traffic patterns throughout the website. We use this data on an anonymous basis and we do not correlate this information with personal data of any user. While most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to prevent cookies from being saved to your computer.
Links to other websites
Please note that Hamilton's Funeral Home is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Hamilton's Funeral Home websites to which we may link.
Children's Privacy
The Hamilton's Academy of Grief and Loss may post pictures from our Healing Heart and Little Hand's Sessions on our Picasa Web Album account. These photos are set up on a private account, and names will never be associated with the images. If for any reason you would like us to remove a photo of your child, please contact us.
Consent
By using this website you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the website. If you do not agree with any of these terms in, please do not use this site or submit any personal information.Contact Information
Hamilton's Funeral Home welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Hamilton's Funeral Home has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us.
Contact Us
|
Locations
|
Staff
|
Careers
|
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Hamilton's Funeral and After Life Services
Like Hamilton's Academy of Grief & Loss on Facebook