https://www.commerce.wa.gov.au/corporate/privacy-0
Jump to navigation
Industry Regulation & Consumer ProtectionBuilding & Energy, Consumer Protection
Resource & Environmental RegulationEnvironment, Geological Survey, Mineral Titles, Petroleum
Safety RegulationLabour Relations, Resources Safety, WorkSafe
Who we are
Search:
Search
Privacy
This website privacy statement applies to Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety (DMIRS). When you follow a link from this website to another site, we recommend you read and consider the privacy statement for that site.
Collection of personal information
You can browse the general content of DMIRS website anonymously, without disclosing your personal information. However, some functionality on this site may require you to provide personal information. Examples of this include where you wish to make an enquiry or undertake a transaction. We may need to collect, use or disclose personal information to allow us to answer your enquiry or process your transaction.
Use and disclosure of personal information
Any personal information we collect through DMIRS website may be used or disclosed for the primary purpose for which it was collected. We may also use or disclose personal information for related purposes, for example where you have asked us to inform another agency of a change of address transaction.
In some limited circumstances we may also need to use or disclose personal information for other specific purposes, for example where required to do so by law, for example pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act 1992 or in response to a subpoena.
Collection and use of site visit data
The following information may be automatically recorded by this site’s web server for statistical and system administration purposes only:
Your server address
Your top level domain name (e.g. .com, .au, .gov)
The date and the time of your visit to the site
The pages you access and downloaded
The address of the last site you visited
Your operating system
The type of browser you are using
We will not attempt to identify individuals from the above information unless it is necessary to the investigation of a breach of law or regulation.
Cookies
A cookie is a block of data that is shared between a web server and a user’s browser. Cookies, and the information collected through them, are used by DMIRS to make this website more efficient.
If you have any enquiries about our privacy policy, please contact us.