http://www.wicklowchurchofireland.com/data-privacy-notice/
Home > Data Privacy Notice
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Who are we?
The Parish of Wicklow’s data controller is Sinead Todd, the Parish Administrator.  This means that Sinead will action the Parish vestry decisions on how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
The Parish of Wicklow complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by only collecting or retaining relevant data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution;
To administer membership records;
To fundraise and promote the interests of the church;
To manage our employees and volunteers;
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of charity donation applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services running at Wicklow Parish
To share your contact details with the Diocesan office so they can keep you informed about news in the diocese and events, activities and services that will be occurring in the diocese and in which you may be interested.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and process your charity donation donations and keep you informed about parish and diocesan events
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided:
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent
Sharing your personal data Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the church in order to carry out a service to other church members or for purposes connected with the church. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the parish with your consent.
How long do we keep your personal data[1]? We keep data in accordance with the guidance set out within Irish Data Protection Legislation, details of which can be found here (https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/Data-Protection-Rule-7/31.htm)
Specifically, we retain general vestry data while it is still current; charity donation declarations and associated paperwork for up to 6 years after the calendar year to which they relate; and parish registers (baptisms, marriages, funerals) permanently.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which the Wicklow Parish holds about you
The right to request that the Wicklow Parish corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the Wicklow Parish to retain such data
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable)
[Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means]
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable)
[Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland)
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice. The new notice will explain the new use of your personal data prior to commencing the processing. It will set out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries and clarifications please in the first instance contact:
Sinead Todd, Parish Administrator
Wicklow Parish, c/o The Glebe School, Church Hill, Wicklow Town, Co Wicklow
Email: wicklowandkilliskeycoi@outlook.com
Phone: 0874367789
You can contact the Data Protection Commissioner (Ireland) on +353 (0761) 104 800; via email info@dataprotection.ie or by writing to:  The Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.