https://www.arl-iowa.org/about/privacy-policy/
MENU
close
Home
Adopt
Find A Pet
Adoption Process
Join the Virtual Line to Adopt
Second Chance Ranch
Care After Adoption
Homeowner Insurance
Where Are They Now?
Pet Help
Pet Helpline
Spay/Neuter
Microchip Clinics
Veterinary Assistance
Lost and Found Pets
Community Outreach
Resources for Pet Owners
End of Life Services
Crisis Foster
Surrender Your Pet
Resource Library
Pet Food Pantry
Get Involved
Volunteer
Foster
For Kids
Events Calendar
Legislation
For Businesses
Facility Rentals
Birthdays
Other Ways to Give
Temporary Crisis Home
Shop
Behavior & Training
Behavior Helpline
Dog Training & Classes
Cat Training & Behavior
Horse Training & Classes
Rabbits & Other Small Pets
Our Philosophy
Meet the Team
Community
ARL Animal Services
Cruelty Intervention
TheraPets
Operation CatSnip - TNR
Des Moines BSL
Veterans
Humane Action Network
Emergency Preparedness and Disaster Response
ARL Animal Connection
Prison Programs
About
Location & Hours
Events
Ways to Give
News
Contact
Search
Go
Search this site
Go
Privacy Policy
Home /
About /
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
The Animal Rescue League of Iowa (ARL) respects your privacy and has instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. The ARL will NOT sell, rent or trade your name, mailing address and e-mail address to other organizations.
The ARL may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on by the ARL or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the ARL, the site or the users of the site, and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the site or the public.
By visiting this website you agree that no information you submit to the site will contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. Please remember that you are solely responsible for the content of any information you provide to the ARL.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites including external websites. The ARL's privacy practices may differ from these other sites. Make sure you educate yourself on the other sites' policies before providing personal information. The ARL is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites of any website linked from this site. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Cookies
The ARL does not employ "cookies" in order to gain information about people visiting our website.
Children
Be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself over the Internet, such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. Never buy anything online without permission.
Fundraising Appeals/Donations
New and continuing donors of the ARL may inform the ARL at any time via written notice that they do not want their name and address shared outside the ARL organization. The ARL will not share or sell donor information collected offline or online. The ARL’s policy is such that no information related to ARL donors is shared with any outside entity unless compelled by law.
Adopters and Others Using the Services of the ARL
The ARL does not share adopter information, those relinquishing pets to the ARL, those attending classes or spay/neuter outreach services, with any entity outside of the ARL unless compelled by law. Note that demographics may be used internally at the ARL to help the ARL better determine areas of need, benchmarking, other.
Email
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
People may sign up to receive the ARL’s e-communications voluntarily and in doing so, they provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always "opt out," either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages. We do not share or sell this information to any outside party or entity.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your membership application; etc. You may choose to "opt out" at any time. We may also use your information to track visitors of our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users' needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
Changes To This Policy/Modifications
This Privacy Policy may be modified or amended from time to time, so check back often. Any changes will not be retroactive.  We maintain the option to modify this privacy policy at any time. Your continued use of our website after the date that such changes are made will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms. If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this site, e-mail us.
Disclaimer
Any information posted on the ARL's website is for general information purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice, medical opinion, diagnosis or treatment. Any information provided by the ARL is not a substitute for medical attention. See your licensed veterinary health care professional for medical advice and treatment for your pet.
The ARL reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to modify or correct any error or omission in any portion of this website.
This site and all of the materials on or referenced by the site are provided on an "as is" basis, without warranties of any type and the ARL expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any materials and products. In no event shall the ARL be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever with respect to the use of this site. You agree that you are using this site solely at your own risk.
Indemnification
By using the ARL's website and all its contents you agree to defend, indemnify and hold the ARL harmless from any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorney fees, arising from or related to your use of the site.
Contact Information
At any time clients, donors, or customers of the ARL may contact the ARL via any of the means below to ask about their Privacy or to reiterate their wish for their information to remain private:
Email to our CEO: tcolvin@arl-iowa.org
Phone: (515) 473-9103
Written inquiry:
Animal Rescue League of Iowa, Inc. (ARL)
Attn: Chief Executive Officer
5452 NE 22nd Street
Des Moines, Iowa  50313
Personal information is protected to the best of our ability with the use of secure software, confidentiality agreements, shredding of personal information, etc.
Take the Next Step...
Adopt
Volunteer
Foster
Donate