http://www.dorotusa.org/privacy_policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Statement of Donor Confidentiality
It is the policy of DOROT to maintain the highest level of confidentiality with respect to donor information. DOROT does not, and will not, share information regarding donor gifts to DOROT with any individual or organization not affiliated with DOROT without written permission from the donor. DOROT may make your postal information available to other not-for-profit organizations. If you would like to opt out of having DOROT share your name, title and address with other not–for–profit organizations, please either e-mail info@dorotusa.org with "Opt out" in the subject line, call us at (212) 769-2850, or write us at DOROT, 171 West 85th Street, New York, NY 10024.
From time to time donor names may be listed in DOROT’s publications, but only in compliance with the written agreement establishing the gift. Donors may choose to remain anonymous and unless required by law, DOROT will honor that request. We also maintain the following privacy policy with respect to our website to protect personal information you provide online.
Website Policy
Like all Web site owners, DOROT receives and records information from your browser in our Web site server logs, including your Internet provider address and the pages you request. Aside from this standard tracking data, the only other personal information we collect about you is such data as you knowingly provide through our online forms.
DOROT uses the information you share with us to be able to send you the electronic communications you request, various printed publications or mail appeals, and to help administer and improve our Web site. Most areas of our site are accessible without registration of any kind. Some of our services require some identification in order to be effective.
DOROT is the sole owner of any information collected on this site. We will not share your information with any third–party organization without your explicit permission to do so. Personal information you provide is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated staff. Again, any information provided here will be kept confidential.
Update, Correct or Delete Personal Information
The accuracy of your individual information is important to DOROT. If you would like to review or change your personal information related to a donation, please send an e-mail to: info@dorotousa.org.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
DOROT may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes in the way we use your personal information, we will alert you by posting a prominent notice on our site.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact:
DOROT
171 West 85th Street
New York, NY 10024
You can also send an e-mail to: info@dorotusa.org.