http://www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk/cookie-policy.aspx
Accessibility links
Skip to content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to search
Accessibility help
Search for
Search here
Your account
Secondary navigation
Home
Blog
Gallery
Find Us
Contact Us
Main navigation
The Team
About Us
Faith at Dean Gibson
Our Location
School Performance
Governors
Special Educational Needs and Inclusion
Sports Premium Funding
School Timetable
Curriculum
Admissions
Class Pages
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Pupil Page
Parent Information
School Policies
Home school agreement
School Prospectus
Newsletters & Covid Information
Reading at Key Stage 1
Online Safety
School Shop
Boys Uniform
Girls Uniform
Wrap Around Care
PTFA News
Term Dates
Lunch Menu
Parental Consent for Medication
School Inspections
Maths at Dean Gibson
Pupil Premium & Sports Funding
Medical News
How to apply - Free School Meals & Pupil Premium
School Results
Pupdate
Online learning
Reception New Starters 2021
Out of the Classroom
Little Deanies Nursery
Dates for your diary
You are here: Home » Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small text files downloaded onto your device from websites you browse. Generally they are used to improve your experience when browsing a site. Here's some information on the type of cookies used on this website.
First Party Cookies
First party cookies are cookies set by www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk and can only be read by www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk
Types of first party cookies used on this website
First Party Session Cookies
First party session cookies are stored by www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk temporarily during a browsing session, and are deleted when you close your browser.
First party cookies on this website are used to give a more seamless browsing experience, and to store details about a user if they log into the administration area of the Content Management System (CMS).
If you wish to disable these cookies, we recommend you do so by disabling them directly within your browser. Please see the link at the bottom of this page for instructions on how to do so.
Disabling these cookies may result in a slight degradation in the browsing experience of the site, and – in the case of registered administrators of the CMS – result in not being able to log in to the administration area.
First Party Persistent Cookies
First party persistent cookies are stored by a website for a fixed period (usually a year or longer) and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are used where a website needs to remember your preferences, for example, for more than one browsing session, and automatically apply them the next time you visit the site.
Third Party Cookies
Third Party Cookies are set by organisations other than www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk. For example, we use a third party analytics service (Google Analytics) which will set cookies to perform this service. They can be either session or persistent cookies.
This website may also contain content embedded from, for example, YouTube which can set it's own (third party) cookies. See below for more information on Third Party Cookies.
YouTube
Web pages on the site may occasionally include embedded YouTube videos. Where this occurs, YouTube can drop standard, and flash-based, cookies to collect analytical information. If you wish to disable these cookies, we recommend you do so by disabling them directly within your browser. Please see the link at the bottom of this page for instructions on how to do so.
Google
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about your site usage to help us improve services and better understand user requirements.
If you wish to disable these cookies, there are a couple of ways to do so:
By disabling them directly within your browser. Please see the link at the bottom of this page for instructions on how to do so.
By installing the Google opt-out browser add in. Please see the link at the bottom of this page for instructions on how to download this.
Disabling these cookies will have no impact on your user experience, and will only result in anonymous information about your site usage not being collected.
Google Maps and Google API
This website may use embedded Google Maps and the Google API to enhance site content. Google capture some information as you view a map on their servers, to remember options and preferences such as location, zoom level or type of map, but some analytical information is also transferred about usage.
If you wish to disable these cookies, we recommend you do so by disabling them directly within your browser. Please see the link at the bottom of this page for instructions on how to do so.
Disabling these cookies may result in embedded Google Maps not being displayed correctly (or at all) and not remembering preferences such as location, zoom level or type of map.
Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ Social Sharing
When you use one of the social share buttons on the www.deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk website, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through.
Dean Gibson does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the relevant third party website for more information about these cookies. Links are available at the foot of this page.
Useful Links
Disabling Cookies in your browser
Facebook Help Centre - Cookies, Pixels, and Similar Technologies
Twitter Privacy Policy
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on Download Page
Join our mailing list
to receive the latest product news, offers and information from Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School.
First name
Enter your name in reverse (e.g. John Smith becomes htimS nhoJ)
Email
We respect your privacy and will never share your information with anyone.
Additional Information
Footer links
Job Vacancies
Testimonials
Join Our Mailing List
Useful Links
Downloads
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Dean Gibson Primary School, Hawesmead Avenue, Kendal, Cumbria LA9 5HBTelephone: 01539 723363. Email: admin@deangibson.cumbria.sch.uk
Copyright © Dean Gibson Catholic Primary School 2013 - 2020. All rights reserved.Website design Kendal, website development Cumbria and software development Kendal by The Creative Branch