http://www.thecampaigncompany.co.uk/our-privacy-notice/
No menu assigned!
TCC’s Privacy Notice
Your privacy is important to us at The Campaign Company, and this Privacy Notice explains what happens when we collect any personal information about you. It applies to information we collect about:
visitors to our website
people who subscribe to our TCC Weekly newsletter
people who take part in any research that we conduct as part of a project contracted by a client which involves asking members of the public or organisations for their views or information.
Ways in which we handle personal data for recruitment or employment purposes are covered in our Privacy Policy, which can be found here.
Who we are
The Campaign Company is a specialist research company that helps clients use insight to better engage and communicate with key audiences. We work for a variety of clients across the UK including the public, charity and private sector.
We are a limited company (company registration number: 04275708). Our registered office is 2nd Floor, Suffolk House, George Street, Croydon, CR0 1PE.
We can be contacted by calling 0208 688 0650, or by emailing info@thecampaigncompany.co.uk.
The Campaign Company adheres to the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA 1998) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (GDPR). We are also a Company Partner of the Market Research Society (MRS) and adhere to the MRS Code of Conduct. We are also part of The Consultation Institute’s Partners in Excellence Scheme and follow its guidance on best practice when working on public consultations.
Visitors to our website
If you visit our website at www.thecampaigncompany.co.uk, we use third party services, MonsterInsights and Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information (including IP addresses) that measures the performance and usage of our website. We analyse this data to improve how the site works. You can read MonsterInsight’s privacy policy here and Google’s privacy policy here.
We additionally collect personally identifiable information if you choose to fill in a form or leave a comment on our website. This may include your name, your contact information and any other information you contact us about. We only use this information to communicate with you or respond to your comments and will state if it will be used for any other purpose. If you do not wish for us to have your personal information, please do not fill out any of the web forms on this site.
We use a third party service, WordPress.com which is run by (Automattic Inc) to host our website and publish our blog posts. WordPress requires visitors that want to post a comment in response to our blog to enter a name and email address. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please see Automattic’s privacy notice.
We often link our website directly to other sites. This privacy notice does not cover external websites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of any external websites you visit via the links on our website.
Values Modes test
Values Modes is a psychographic research approach, developed by Cultural Dynamics, that TCC regularly uses as a research tool to help us understand why people behave the way they do. The Values Modes test is hosted on our website but analysed by Cultural Dynamics. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone and are only made available to the people taking the test. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those taking the test through our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer or device, which enables our website to identify your computer or device as you view our website pages. Cookies allow websites to store your preferences and track how websites are used.
We may use cookies to:
Record website usage data
Test content on our website
Recognise when you return to our website
Some third parties also set cookies on our website if content is embedded from their site, including Twitter, Facebook and Vimeo.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer, and you can use your web browser’s settings to refuse cookies if you wish.
People who subscribe to our TCC Weekly newsletter
If you have opted-in to receive TCC Weekly, our weekly e-newsletter (either through a form on our website or by responding to a marketing appeal), the personal information you give us is added to our mailing list. This is hosted by Mailchimp. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve the content and distribution of our e-newsletter. You can view Mailchimp’s Privacy Policy here. If you are on our mailing list, you may also receive ad hoc communications from us (eg a Christmas greeting). We do not pass on your details to any other third parties.
People who take part in any research we conduct
If we have contacted you as part of a research project that we have been commissioned to carry out on behalf of a client, there are a number of ways we may have collected your contact details or information about you:
We conducted a survey or other type of research with you gave us permission to record this information and use it to contact you for the relevant purposes
The client, on whose behalf we are conducting the research and with whom you have a relationship, provided us with your details for the specific purpose of this research – or they may have contacted you themselves to invite you to take part in the research, which we then conduct
A third party, such as a specialist database provider or another market research fieldwork or panel company we work with to carry out the research – these details are provided only for the purpose of the specific research project, and are collected legitimately by the provider
In some cases, sometimes if we conduct an interview with you in the street, on your doorstep, or by telephone, we choose randomly to ask you to take part, having held no prior personal information or contact details for you
You may have been contacted by a contractor working on our behalf. We require that contractors and market research fieldwork and panel providers who conduct surveys or other research on our behalf, do so in accordance with Market Research Society standards and in line with data protection regulations.
If you are on the TPS/MPS, why have we still contacted you?
The Telephone Preference Service (TPS) and Mailing Preference Service (MPS) are services that exist for individuals to prevent their details from being used for direct marketing. We conduct research and do not market goods or services, so the obligation to use these suppression lists does not apply. Because it is often important for us to try to contact a wide range of people, we ordinarily do not specify that numbers or addresses on TPS/MPS are not called, so you may still receive a call from us or a fieldwork company or partner calling on our behalf.
However, you still have the right to refuse to take part in the research, and to have your details removed from the calling list for that project. Just ask the interviewer to remove you from the list, or contact us at privacy@thecampaigncompany.co.uk. If you would like to be permanently removed from any calling lists we use in future projects, please contact us at privacy@thecampaigncompany.co.uk.
What type of personal data do we collect and why?
By personal data we mean, depending on the purpose of the research, your name, contact details including address, email address or telephone number, or an online identifier such as an IP address. It may also include (but not limited to) other information about you, such as your age, gender, ethnicity, religion, health or disability information and opinions you express as part of the research.
We only collect personal data through our research where it is relevant to the purpose of the research project, and unless stated otherwise when we conduct the research, you are not obliged to answer any question you don’t want to, and may choose not to share information with us.
There are a number of reasons why we may collect or store personal data as part of research projects we conduct on behalf of our clients. These include: receiving personal data for the purposes of contacting you to take part in research activities like a survey, focus groups or events; collecting personal data when you take part in research with us, so that we might contact you about follow-up research or to quality checking of the feedback recorded from the research.
How do we use your personal data?
We only use your personal data for the purposes of delivering the specific research project. This may include:
To monitor the quality of our research, by contacting you to check the interviewer or researcher who conducted an interview or discussion with did so in a professional manner and to our standards
To contact you about further related research, if you have given your permission for this, to ask if you would be interested in taking part
To notify you of other developments from the research, if you have given your permission for this, including if you have been entered into and won a prize draw
To send you an agreed incentive (such as shopping vouchers) for participating in research
We use asked to review anonymised data for research analysis, which may include data such as demographic information and spatial data such as postcodes or electoral wards, with any information that links this data to you personally removed.
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose other than as described above, we will tell you about this and ask for your consent when collecting your personal data.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We may share your personal data with our client, and if this is the case we will tell you when we collect your personal data and ask for your consent to do so.
Usually we report research findings to our clients as combined results, so they cannot be used to identify individual data subjects involved. In any circumstances where we use quotes from individuals in our reporting of findings, these are anonymised.
In rare circumstances we may be obliged to disclose your personal information without your prior consent, for example:
If we are required to do so by law, where the information is subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders or for similar legal or regulatory requirements
If it was in the interests of protecting your own or someone else’s safety
We will never sell your personal information to third parties. From time to time we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as transcribe recordings, conduct larger scale telephone research or conduct interviews in a language that we are unable to do so in-house. On such occasions they will have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions but will not use it for other purposes.
How we store your personal data securely?
When we collect your personal data, we store it in a password-protected location on a cloud storage system (Box) which is itself encrypted and password protected. If data is collected from you in hard copy, it is stored in a locked cupboard in a locked office.
Only TCC employees have access to this cloud storage system, in addition to limited authorised access for contractors and partners where it is necessary for them to access information stored within it. You can read Box’s Privacy Policy here.
If we collect your data via a face-to-face interview, this is usually done using a tablet device, which stores data locally until the researcher is able to connect the device to the internet and upload them to an online server, at which point they are deleted from the device. In some cases, we record personal data on paper when conducting face-to-face interviews, in which case these are retained by the researcher, out of sight, on their person, until they are able to be delivered or collected and returned to our office to be securely stored.
If we collect your data online through a survey, it is stored on the server of the survey platform we use, which is based in the EU, for the duration of the project, after which it is exported from here to our own storage system and removed from the survey platform.
If we collect your data through a telephone survey, this may be done by a contractor, who will store the data securely on their own premises for a time period we agree with them.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep personal data collected through our research for as long as there is a need to retain it. Usually this is at least twelve months after the completion of the relevant project. We keep it for this period in case there is any need to check or confirm any detail. When there is no longer a need to keep your personal data we will destroy it permanently and securely, either from our electronic storage or by shredding hard copy data.
Your rights as a data subject
We appreciate your participation in research we conduct, and we recognise that doing so is voluntary. You have the right at any time to:
Access the personal data we hold about you
Correct any inaccuracy in the personal data we hold about you
Withdraw your consent for our holding your personal data
Be forgotten, by having the personal data we hold about you destroyed or deleted
We will carry out requests for any of the above if you ask us to. You can do this either at the point of giving your personal details or taking part in research, or after that point, by contacting privacy@thecampaigncompany.co.uk or calling 0208 688 0650.
If you have a complaint about the way your data has been collected or handled, you can ask the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) to review this. Their contact details are available on their website at www.ico.org.uk.
More information and how to contact us
If you would like any further information about our processing of personal data, or to speak to us about personal data of yours which we hold, please contact us by one of the following channels:
Email: privacy@thecampaigncompany.co.uk
Telephone: 0208 688 0650
Write to us:
The Campaign Company
2nd Floor, Suffolk House
George Street
Croydon
CR0 1PE
Notice last updated: May 2018
Tweets
Interesting research here on attitudes to broadcasters and impartiality - featured in the politics section of last… https://t.co/kM2S2Yy8Ci, May 24In light of new @YouGov @mattsmithetc @V_and_A segmentation on attitudes to the future (https://t.co/uiMf3zPBfo), o… https://t.co/Gs9HKxGfpR, May 24Our latest Weekly includes @MSmithsonPB #Brexit #Premiership : https://t.co/cBCLb7gXvb With stoke down, Burnley Vs… https://t.co/l8ra8fxdhN, May 22RT @YouGov: This week is #BritishSandwichWeek, and we've settled one of the nation's biggest sandwich arguments: which shape is… https://t.co/JDdgxRwCSw, May 21
Follow @campaigncompany
Blog
Community engagement: building a partnership with residents in changing times
July 16, 2018
Where to watch the game?
June 19, 2018
What elite universities can learn about widening participation and values
April 10, 2018
Our details The Campaign Company
Suffolk House
George Street
Croydon CR0 1PE
Phone: 020 8688 0650
Email: info@thecampaigncompany.co.uk
Twitter: @campaigncompany
Weekly bulletin signup here
For our privacy notice click here
© 2020 The Campaign Company.
Home
What we do
Previous Work
Projects
Publications
Blog
The Weekly
Values Modes
Who we are
Our team
Our Partners
Get in touch
Your link text
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks