https://www.defensedaily.com/privacy-and-terms/
Featured Categories
Login | Signup
LOG IN
×
Defense Daily subscriber and registered users, please log in here to access the content.
Email or Username
Password
Forgot Password?
Not a subscriber or a registered user yet? We’ve got
you covered!
Get a Free Trial Here
Need something more?
Please contact clientservices@accessintel.com or call 888-707-5814 (M –
Th 9 am – 5:30 pm and F 9 am – 3 pm. ET) , to start a free trial, get
pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your
website.
Login | Signup
×
Menu
FREE E-Letters
Publications
Events
Podcasts
Resources
Contracts – FREE ACCESS
Press Releases – FREE ACCESS
Documents
Defense Daily Issue Archive
Career Center
About Us
Advertise With Us
Sitemap
Defense Daily
Subscribe
© 2020 Access Intelligence, LLC - All Rights Reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Private Policy, and Cookie Policy.
Share:
We respect your right to privacy and your right to know how information you entrust us with will be used. Should any change be made in our privacy policy in the future, it will be detailed fully on this page.
Information that we collect
Defense Daily and its related sites collect personal information about our users from our use of “cookie” technology as you access various services. (Cookies are text files placed in your browser by us so that we can maintain your preferences.) Unless you have filled out a form on our site, cookies will not reveal to us any of your personal information. Once you fill out a form containing personal information, it may then be linked to cookie data.
How We Use Information
The data we collect is used in the aggregate to give us demographic information about the Defense Daily audience. This is used to improve your overall experience of the site and more effective service. If you fill out and submit a form within the sites, the email address that you provide allows us to notify you about new features of the site or products and services of Defense Daily, its affiliates and/or third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. We also share aggregate information — not individual data — with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and to monitor the reach of their advertising on the service.
You can choose not to receive information from us and/or third parties by opting out of Defense Daily third party email messages.We will disclose information in our databases when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
Third-party Privacy Policies
This site provides links to third parties that have their own privacy policies. Also be aware that some of the banner advertising on our site may contain cookies that are controlled by the advertiser. Your personal information does not link to the cookie data which is used most often to track ad efficacy.
How We Secure Information
Defense Daily uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to third parties we believe to be responsible. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information.
Terms of Use
Access and use of the Defense Daily web sites are subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws. Access Intelligence may revise these terms and conditions from time to time by updating this page. By using the web site you are, affirming that you are or at least 13, and are agreeing to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions.
Copyright Notice
All contents of this web site, other than those expressly otherwise identified, are the property of Access Intelligence, LLC. Copyright 2014 All rights reserved. Materials published in the Defense Daily web sites may contain other proprietary notices or describe products, services, processes or technologies owned by Access Intelligence or third parties. Please note that by publishing these materials, Access Intelligence is not granting any license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of Access Intelligence or any third party.
Restrictions of Use
Access Intelligence, LLC owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. Various third party content providers have made available their intellectual property for the purposes of promotion and own the copyright in content original to it. You may not modify, publish, transmit, display, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit the content of the sites except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law without the express permission of Access Intelligence, LLC and the copyright owner. For information on reuse and reprints, please contact our client services department at 1-888-707-5814 or clientservices@accessintel.com or Thomas A. Sloma-Williams at tawilliams@accessintel.com.
Access Intelligence maintains the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of its sites.
Contributing to the Website
You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on Forum areas any material protected by trademark, copyright or other proprietary right without the permission of its owner. Responsibility lies with you for determining that such material is not protected by trademark, copyright or other proprietary right. You will be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting or submission.
Postings made to the Forums do not become the property of Access Intelligence but can be used for the promotion of its print or digital properties. By posting or otherwise uploading content, you grant Access Intelligence the irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive and ongoing right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any message posted in the Forums and/or any e-mail in existing or future digital or print titles.
Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement.
Access Intelligence does not knowingly publish, or permit individuals to publish, copyrighted materials without permission. If you believe that any materials published on the Website have been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and if you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed, please notify Access Intelligence’s Copyright Agent of any alleged infringement. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), your notice to the Copyright Agent should be in the form of a written, signed statement containing the following information:
a description of the infringing material;
a description of the copyrighted work or works that you believe has been infringed;
the name of the owner of the copyright;
your name;
your address, telephone number and/or e-mail address;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the allegedly infringing use was not authorized by the owner, an agent for the owner, or by law;
a statement that all of the information you have provided is true; and
a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the copyright or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
Your statement must be sent to Access Intelligence by U.S. mail, fax, or e-mail. If you believe that certain material was removed, or access thereto was disabled, in error, that is, because the material was not used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and because you have the authorization from the copyright owner, from the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the material, you may send to the Copyright Agent a written, signed counter-notice containing the following information:
a description of the work that was removed or as to which access was disabled and the location at which the work appeared before it was removed or disabled;
statement that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the material;
your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address; and
a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court Maryland and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Access Intelligence may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the provider of the material or the user, the removed material may be replaced, or access thereto restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at the sole discretion of Access Intelligence.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos (referred to herein collectively as “Trademarks”) displayed on this site, including Defense Daily, are registered and/or unregistered marks of Access Intelligence, LLC. The Trademarks of third parties may also be displayed on this site and are the property of their respective owners.
Linking
The Defense Daily sites may provide links to certain other web sites not under our ownership or domain. We have done so only for the convenience of Web users, and are not responsible for the content of other sites.
Access Intelligence, LLC may modify this policy from time to time to reflect legal, technological or other developments. Any such modified policy will appear at this URL.
Watch our Featured Interactive Page
Powered by
FeaturedInteractive
close x
Defense Daily readers get exclusive defense industry news–every business day.
Subscribe Here
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
© 2020 Access Intelligence, LLC. - All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Login | Signup
×
Featured Categories
Advanced / Transformational Technology
Air Force
Analysis
Army
Budget
Business/Financial
Column
Congress
COVID-19
Cyber
Force Multipliers
General
Homeland Security
IIOT
Intelligence Community
International
Missile Defense
Navy/USMC
Nuclear Modernization
Partner Content
Pentagon
Press Releases
Space
Special Operations
Unmanned Systems
Weapons
Defense Daily
Subscribe
© 2020 Access Intelligence, LLC - All Rights Reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Private Policy, and Cookie Policy.
Some Title Goes Here
×