http://www.thischurch.org/legal/privacy.php
User Log On
Email:
Password:
Log On
New Account
·
Forgot Password?
Instant Free Trial!
Create Free Trial »
Privacy Policy
ThisChurch Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy is not to disclose personal information to third parties under any circumstances -- not for research, not for marketing, or any other campaigns.
ThisChurch is advertisement-free, so there are no advertisers' cookies tracking you.
Information submitted by you
If you submit personal information, e.g. by signing up to an e-mail list or placing an order, this information will only be used for the reason you submitted it. You will be provided with information how to unsubscribe from a list or cancel any service. We will not disclose your information to a third party.
Logging on as a user
If you are a user of ThisChurch and you log on, your session will be logged for security purposes. For internal system maintenance purposes we will keep the logs records for a short period, but we will not disclose it to any third parties. You have access to the same information from the "Usage Logs" item of your site's "Users" menu.
Browsing the website
ThisChurch employs "cookies" in some sections of the website to provide users with tailored information. A cookie is nothing more than a small text file that is written through your browser by a site you visit, to a specific subdirectory on your hard disk. Any cookies sent by ThisChurch are marked with a unique identifier that is only accessible to the ThisChurch website. Any user may block or delete ThisChurch cookies from his or her hard drive (usually through the preferences of your browser). However, by disabling cookies, certain site features and functionality may no longer work properly.
Limitations of policy
This privacy policy only applies to services offered by Entropy Software, LLC. It does not apply to services offered by third parties using the Entropy Software, LLC. server. If you are unsure as to what policy applies to a particular webpage or service, contact the site maintainer or us.
Creating Your Free Trial
Please be patient, this will take a few seconds.