https://www.mba.org/site-information/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
In This Section
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 2019
Mortgage Bankers Association ("MBA" or "we") knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This statement describes our privacy policy. By visiting mba.org, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
What Information Do We Gather and How is it Used? MBA collects information from our users at several different points on this web site: Users to the public areas of the MBA web site browse anonymously. However, the MBA web server does collect aggregate data, such as number of access attempts by page. MBA may collect information ("Personal Information") from you before allowing access to certain resources and personalization features on the site, or to order products and services. Generally, when Personal Information is collected, it is used by MBA to improve web content; to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services. MBA may share Personal Information on a limited basis with its affiliated organizations as well as with a select group of affinity partners and other third parties. Also, third party vendors providing services in connection with this web site or MBA products and services may have access to Personal Information. It is MBA's policy to require such vendors to hold Personal Information in confidence.
In order to register for MBA conferences, webcasts, classes and meetings, we will ask you to provide certain Personal Information on the registration form, which may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. This Personal Information is used for billing purposes, registering you for conferences, webcasts, classes and/or meetings, communicating with you about the conferences, webcasts, classes and/or meetings for which you have registered, and also for other marketing purposes.Cookies and Web Beacons Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on your machine for use either during a particular session ("session" cookie) or for future use ("persistent" cookie). MBA uses both session and persistent cookies to facilitate, track and limit automated activity, and to assist in the collection of site visitation statistics. We also use Cookies to authenticate users, in order to validate membership prior to providing access to member-only resources and to provide a seamless experience across our systems as to not require additional logins. Our site also uses web beacons (either directly or from third parties), along with cookies, to determine if a user has visited a particular website. These beacons aid in providing more relevant advertising to the user, as well measuring the success of an advertising campaign, but provide no personally identifiable information. Further, cookies are used as described in the "AdWords, LinkedIn and Other Social Media Platform Remarketing", "Email Remarketing" and "Feathr" sections below. If your browser settings do not allow the attachment of cookies, or if you decline the attachment of any cookie, you will not have access to the full benefits of the web site.
Users who prefer not to accept cookies can set their Internet browser to notify them when they receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being placed on their hard drive. If you consent to our collection of cookies and you subsequently wish to withdraw your consent, you will need to manage the settings on your web browser to delete all cookies and disallow further acceptance of cookies. Please note that disabling cookies on your browser will prevent us from tracking your activities in relations to our site, however, it may also disable some of the functions and features of the Site and the site may not work properly.   AdWords, LinkedIn and Other Social Media Platform Remarketing    This web site uses the Google AdWords, LinkedIn and other social media platform remarketing services to advertise across the Internet on third party web sites, in particular on the Google Display Network, as well as on LinkedIn. AdWords remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the MBA web site you have viewed, or what tasks you have undertaken, by placing a cookie on your web browser.  This cookie does not identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device. The cookie is used to indicate to other web sites that "This person visited a particular page on the MBA web site, so show them ads relating to that page." The Google AdWords and LinkedIn remarketing services allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and display ads that are relevant to you.  Any data collected is used in accordance with this Privacy Statement and Google's privacy policy.
If you do not wish to see ads from MBA that come from us through the Google AdWords remarketing service, you can opt out in several ways:
1. Opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings. 2. Opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.    If you do not wish to see ads from MBA that come from us through the LinkedIn remarketing service, you can opt out by "managing your ad preferences" on LinkedIn.
Email Remarketing
Through our email marketing platform, Higher Logic, we use cookies and other technologies to analyze trends, track users' movements around the mba.org and other related web sites, to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole and to collect information about your browsing habits in order to make our email advertising relevant to you and your interests.    You can unsubscribe from our email by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any of our broadcast email messages that include a footer with a small "Higher Logic" logo.   Feathr Feathr uses cookies to power its platform in order to help enhance the performance and functionality of our site. Feathr utilizes session, persistent and third-party "cookies". Feathr also use cookies to understand users' browsing and buying activities so that we can measure the success of online advertising campaigns we run on the site. Further, Feathr uses web beacons, along with cookies, to determine if a user has visited a particular website.   You can opt out of receiving personalized ads served by Feathr on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by visiting Feathr's Privacy Platform. Please note that this "opt out" function is browser-specific and relies on an "opt out cookie": thus, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again or make sure to opt out from the device you intend to remove from targeting and personalization.  In addition, the online advertising industry provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from Feathr's data and advertising partners. You can access these at http://www.aboutads.info and at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Log Files Like most standard web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.   You can opt-out of being tracked via Google Analytics via the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that MBA is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Sharing LEGAL DISCLAIMER: ALTHOUGH WE MAKE EVERY EFFORT TO PRESERVE USER PRIVACY, WE MAY NEED TO DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN (I) REQUIRED BY LAW WHEREIN WE HAVE A GOOD-FAITH BELIEF THAT SUCH ACTION IS NECESSARY TO COMPLY WITH A CURRENT JUDICIAL PROCEEDING, A COURT ORDER OR LEGAL PROCESS SERVED ON OUR WEB SITE; OR (II) NECESSARY TO PROTECT AND DEFEND THE RIGHTS OR PROPERTY OF MBA OR MBA AFFILIATES, INCLUDING THEIR WEB SITES. MBA DOES NOT SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES EXCEPT AS STATED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. IN ADDITION, WE MAY SHARE AGGREGATE DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES WHERE SUCH DISCLOSURE DOES NOT ENTAIL THE DISCLOSURE OF ANY PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
Business Transitions In the event MBA goes through a business transition, such as a merger or selling a significant portion of its assets, users' Personal Information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email and prominent notice on our web site for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the user's personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Security This web site takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect our users' information. All information entered by a user on the site is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. All purchase transactions that occur on our store are transmitted via an SSL secure server with a digital certificate of authentication from VeriSign. We do not store credit card numbers of any sort in our online store for security purposes.
If users have any questions about the security at our web site, users can send an email to membership@mba.org.
Opting out and Correcting Personal Information If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, email our Customer Support at membership@mba.org  or click the "Contact" link on this web site in order to inform MBA of the changes.
Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their Personal Information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases when we are going to use users' Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will post a notice as described above, but we may also email users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. Users who do not wish to have their Personal Information used in a different manner should email MBA at the email address indicated at the end of this policy or, if registered with MyMBA, can change their preferences through that mechanism.    Contact Information If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: Phone: (202) 557-2700 Email: membership@mba.org Postal Address: MBA, 1919 M Street, NW, 5th Floor, Washington, DC 20036
Miscellaneous MBA may modify this policy from time to time. You can determine whether the policy has been updated since you last reviewed it by checking the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
If at any time you believe MBA has not adhered to this policy, please notify us and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly identify, diagnose and correct the problem. This is MBA's sole obligation and your sole remedy for MBA's breach of this Privacy Policy. You may reach us by email at membership@mba.org or by mail at MBA, 1919 M Street, NW, 5th Floor, Washington, DC 20036
Share this page