https://www.attorneyfeener.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.attorneyfeener.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
If you submit a contact form that data is transmitted securely to our server and is stored securely there. We will only use that information to contact you in answer your query, and never transmit or sell your information to a third party.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This site uses cookies set by Google Analytics to analyze user activity in order to improve the Site . We can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and user experience of the Site.
Search Engine Advertising
This advertiser uses Google Ads and Bing Ads to promote their business online. To more effectively market their product or service, this advertiser uses a small text file known as a cookie to record the completion of your transaction. Google Ads and Bing Ads asserts that any information that is gathered will remain anonymous and cannot be used to identify you.
Browsers, such as Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox, let you delete cookies and choose what types of cookies you want to allow on your computer. Please check Help for your browser to learn how to delete cookies or change the privacy level on your computer.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Contact form on this site or email: gfeener@attyfeener.com.
Contact Our Office
Name*
First Name
Last Name
Email*
Phone*
Zip Code*
ZIP / Postal Code
Subject
Message*
CAPTCHA
We at the Law Office of Feener & Wehrli, LLC are doing our utmost to stop the transmission of Coronovirus.
We have ceased in-person meetings, however, are continuing to work remotely and communicate via telephone, internet, and remote meeting software. Contact us for any questions.