http://www.oxfordancestors.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Oxford Ancestors Privacy Policy
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information that you have given to us and take all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorised disclosure of your data.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, Oxford Ancestors Limited is the data controller.
The information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with us. We collect personal data only if you choose to provide such information, for example when ordering our goods and services. This will include name and address and may also include email address and credit or debit card details in order that we may collect payment for your order.
Although we use encrypted security software the security of information and payments transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Any losses incurred or sustained by customers who transmit information by means of e-mail or other internet link shall be borne solely and exclusively by the customer and in no event shall any such losses in whole or part by borne by us.
By placing an order you signify that you freely and specifically consent to the collection and processing of any personal data you provide.
We may use the data you provide for our internal business purposes and marketing purposes but we shall not disclose any personally identifiable to any third party other than entities who perform business functions integral to our business administration (and solely for that purpose), when required or permitted by law, or except as specifically detailed in this privacy policy, without your permission. We do not sell or otherwise provide any customer information to mailing list or direct marketing companies. DNA  samples are disposed of once the order to which they relate is delivered. Other data is kept only as necessary for our own internal business and marketing purposes.
We suggest that each time you visit our website, you re-read our privacy policy so as to keep up to date with any changes we make.
Please be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to our site are not covered by this privacy statement. Please contact us if you require any further information about the use of your personal data.
GDPR
As you may know the laws governing privacy are changing and organisations are no longer allowed to retain personal information without permission. Fortunately, Oxford Ancestors already complies with most of the provisions of the legislation. For example, we do not bombard customers with emails nor have we ever distributed customer details to third parties. We have always known that your genetic data is highly personal and confidentiality has always been a top priority.
However, we are making a few changes to make sure we comply with both the letter and the spirit of the new legislation. These mainly concern the searchable databases which are popular with customers who want to communicate with their genetic relatives. We already ask customers for their specific consent to add their genetic data to these databases. No contact details are shown.
From now we will not retain any personal details of customers who have not consented to join the databases. Also in future we will not allow access to these databases by anyone other than the sample donor. This makes it particularly important for customers to retain their results and access details including username, customer number and password so that they can establish their identity.
Main navigation
Visit Our Store
FAQ
Glossary
Price Schedule
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions