http://www.thompsonfuneralhomes.com/privacy-policy
937-393-2373 241 East Main Street Hillsboro, OH, 45133
Home
About
Our Story
Our Staff
Our Locations
Obituaries
Payment Center
Veteran Memorial Wall
Leave Us Your Feedback
Contact Us
Our Services
Services We Offer
The Hillsboro House
Funeral Services
Traditional Funeral Services
Funeral FAQ
Burial Services
Cremation Services
Cremation Information
Cremation FAQ
Memorial Services
Memorial Service Information
Celebration of Life
Memorial FAQ
Specialty Funeral Services
Veteran Funeral Services
Ash Scattering Services
Pet Cremation Services
Funeral Planning
Pre-Planning
Pre-Arrangement Process
Advance Directives
Pre-Arrange Online
How to Plan a Funeral
Preparing for a Funeral Service
Planning a Celebration of Life
Planning a Cremation Service
Funeral Service Trends
Immediate Need
Grief & Guidance
Grief
Grief Support
Dealing with Death
When Grief Doesn't Ease
When Grief is Unacknowledged
For Friends of the Bereaved
Guidance
What to Expect
Funeral Etiquette
Legal & Estate Guidance
Eulogies & Obituaries
FAQ
Resources
Local Florists
Helpful Links
Our Blog
What Happens to Debt When You Die?
Should I Take My Child to a Funeral?
Coping with Grief During Covid-19
Writing a Eulogy
Funeral Customs Around The World
Wedding Memorial Ideas
Can Pets Help During the Grieving Process?
What to Wear to a Funeral
Eco-Friendly Funerals - A Green Burial Option
Why Should I Pre-Plan My Funeral?
Send Flowers
Bom-Wrapper
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 2020
We take privacy seriously
FrontRunner Professional ULC (“FrontRunner,” “we,” “us,” “our”), is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Notice describes the personal information that we collect about you, how we use and disclose this information, and the steps we take to protect this information. For purposes of this Privacy Notice, “personal information” means any information that relates to you as an individual and could reasonably be used to identify you. This Privacy Notice applies to our collection and use of personal information through this website and any related websites, applications, tools, or platforms (the “Services”), as well as through any other means where a link or reference to this Privacy Notice is provided at the time of collection.
Our Services
FrontRunner is a provider of software services to funeral homes and crematories (our “Clients”), including website, payment processing, ecommerce, funeral management, search engine optimization and marketing services. In connection with the provision of these services, FrontRunner collects and stores personal information regarding individuals who visit and utilize certain functions or features of our Clients’ websites (“End Users”). This Privacy Notice applies to FrontRunner’s collection and use of Client and End User personal information but not to our Clients use of such personal information. This Privacy Notice also applies to other personal information collected directly by FrontRunner, including through use of our website or otherwise in connection with the Services.
Personal Information We Collect
When you access or use the Services or otherwise interact with us, whether as a Client, End User, or other individual, we may collect certain categories of personal information about you from a variety of sources.
Categories of personal information that we may collect from you directly include:
Contact information (for example, name, job title, phone number, mailing address, email address)
Payment-related details (for example, banking information, billing address or other credit card details)
Account information (for example, username and password and transaction history)
Communications (for example, submitted questions or other posts and marketing preferences)
Recruitment data (for example, resumes and other details regarding an applicant’s qualifications)
Categories of personal information that we may collect automatically when you use the Services include:
Technical information (for example, browser type, IP address, date and time of visit, cookies, geolocation and operating system)
Usage information (for example, pages visited, search terms entered, and frequency of visits)
Categories of personal information that we may collect from other sources, including from our Clients in connection with their use of the Services, include:
End User contact information (for example, name, phone number, mailing address, email address)
End User payment-related details (for example, billing address and other credit card details)
End User funeral contributions, including memorial video data, obituaries and posts and comments
End User funeral administration data, including personal details regarding the deceased such as dates of birth and death and data used to identify the deceased virtually (including photos), affidavits certifying the identification of the deceased and data related to the location from which such identification is made, life insurance claim forms and affidavits to ensure dispersal of funds to cover funeral costs and other medical costs or living expenses and data required to file death certificates
Lead data, including business contact data
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Provide and improve the Services.
We may use your personal information to provide and improve the Services, including to fulfill your orders and requests and to post your comments and other funeral contributions. We may also use your personal information for the administration of our business, for business development purposes, and to fulfill our contractual obligations.Risk mitigation and security.
We may use your personal information for risk mitigation and security purposes, including to maintain the privacy and security of our data, to conduct internal audits or investigations, for data security testing and business continuity planning purposes, to prevent fraud and abuse, and to ensure the safety and security of our Clients, staff and assets.Communication and marketing.
We may use your personal information to communicate with you about the Services, respond to your questions, or offer you additional products or services.
Comply with the law and exercise our rights.
We may use your personal information as reasonably necessary to assess and ensure compliance with applicable laws, legal requirements, and company policies; to protect our assets or to investigate or defend against any claims of illegality or wrongdoing (including to obtain legal advice or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights); and in response to a court order or judicial or other government subpoena or warrant.Corporate transaction.
We may use your personal information in the event we undertake or are involved in or contemplating any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event.
Recruitment and hiring.
We may use your personal information to evaluate your candidacy when you apply for a job with us.
We may also aggregate, anonymize, or otherwise de-identify your personal information and use it for any purpose permitted by applicable law.
Use of Cookies
When you use the Services, we may send one or more cookies (which are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters) to your computer or mobile device, to help analyze our web page flow (including tracking user sessions), customize our content, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your ability to use the Services or certain features of the Services. We may also use Google Analytics or a similar service that uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Services.
We may also allow certain third parties such as advertising, analytics providers, and widget providers to place cookies in order to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you access or use the Services. Currently, various browsers offer a “Do Not Track” option, but there is no standard for how “Do Not Track” should work on commercial websites. Where possible, we honor Do Not Track signals.
How and When We Disclose Your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients, to be used only for legitimate purposes in keeping with this Privacy Notice:
Group companies and affiliates.
We may disclose, share, or transfer your information to any business entity that is part of our corporate family.
Clients.
We may share your information with our Clients in connection with our Clients provision of services to you.
Service providers and professional advisors.
We may disclose your information to third party vendors who provide services in support of our business operations, such as website development and hosting, payment processing, ecommerce and marketing management, recruitment and hiring, service optimization, vendors that fulfill orders for funeral-related items such as flowers, and data analytics. We may also disclose your personal information to our professional advisors such as our attorneys, accountants, and insurance providers.
Parties involved in a corporate transaction.
We may disclose your information to relevant third parties in the event of a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy.
Law enforcement or other governmental entities.
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with the law, prevent unlawful activity, defend our rights, or maintain security.
Other third parties with your consent.
We may disclose your information to any other third party where you have provided consent to such disclosure.
Security, Retention & Transfer of Personal Information
We have implemented and maintain commercially reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of your personal information. Please note, however, that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We therefore cannot guaranty and do not warrant the absolute security of your personal information. We retain your personal information for no longer than reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it or to comply with the law, prevent fraud, facilitate an investigation, defend against legal claims, or exercise our legal rights.
Your Choices & Rights
You may decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Services. Once you have registered for an account with us, you may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page through the Services. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can opt-out by using the unsubscribe process provided or described in any such communication, but you may still receive transactional or administrative communications from us. Although your changes are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from persons under 13 years of age (“children”), and no part of the Services is directed to children. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Services at any time or in any manner. If we learn that information has been collected through the Services from children and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us using the contact information below to request that we delete the information from our systems.
California Residents
Supplemental to the above, the following additional information pertains to California residents only:
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Categories of personal information collected about California residents in the past twelve months include identifiers, other identifying information, characteristics of protected class, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, education information, professional or employment-related information, and inferences drawn from such information. For examples of specific pieces of personal information collected, please see the “Personal Information We Collect” section above.Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose about California residents in the past twelve months include identifiers, other identifying information, characteristics of protected class, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, education information, and professional or employment-related information.
We do not sell personal information, nor do we share personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information:
You have the right to request to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold.
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information at any time. Note that we do not currently sell personal information.
Finally, you have the right to not be discriminated against as a result of exercising your privacy rights. Accordingly, unless permitted by law, we will not deny you goods or services, charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, provide you a different level or quality of good or services, or suggest you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
To exercise your rights, you may contact us using the contact information provided below or call 1-866-748-3625. In order to fulfill your request, we may require additional personal information for purposes of verifying your identity. If you make a request through an authorized agent, we may require additional information to verify your authorization of the agent.
Changes to Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at any time, without notice. We will notify you about changes that significantly impact our use of your personal information by placing a prominent notice on this website or by sending you an email. Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, disputes arising hereunder will be resolved in accordance with the Privacy Notice in effect at the time the dispute arose.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Notice or our use of your personal information by e-mail at
support@frontrunner360.com
or by mail at:
FrontRunner Professional ULC
6A Clarence Street
Kingston, On. K7M 5H8
Phone: 937-393-2373Thompson Funeral Home & Cremation Services
241 East Main StreetHillsboro,
OH,
45133Fax: 937-393-2068sthompson8@cinci.rr.com
Phone: 937-393-2373Wylie-Thompson Funeral Home
126 South Main Street., P.O. Box 52Sinking Spring OH,
45172Fax: 937-393-2068sthompson8@cinci.rr.com
Follow Us
Admin | Obittree
|
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
|
Sitemap |Powered by FrontRunner Professional & TA
Share by: