http://www.thegoodbook.co.uk/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Blog
Services
Our blog
The Hub
Bookstalls
Translations
Partners
Help
Customer Service
About us
Shipping & Delivery
eBook troubleshooting
Christmas
Help
Christmas
Our blog
The Hub
Bibles
I need a Bible...
to use everyday
for study
with larger print
for my quiet time
for teenagers
for church or school
to give away
to listen to
for children
for journalling
Shop by Version
NIV
ESV
Youth
Children's
Other
Shop by Type
Budget Bibles
Bulk
Gift Bibles
Gospels
Graphic Bibles
Study Bibles
Bible Study
Shop by Topic
Book by Book
The Commentary List
Bible Overview
Old Testament
New Testament
Topical
For men
For women
For teenagers
Shop by Subject
Contentment
Holiness
Men
Money & Work
Outreach
Prayer
Suffering
Trinity
Women
Shop by Series
God's Word For You
Good Book Guides
Interactive Bible Studies
Pathway Guides
Shop by Type
Commentaries
Small group studies
Multimedia studies
One-to-One studies
Daily Bible Reading
Highlights
Subscriptions
Prayer diary
Shop by Age
Adults
Teenagers
Children
Preschool
Family
Shop by Series
God's Word For You
Explore (adults)
Explore by the book
Engage (teenagers)
Discover (11-13)
XTB (7-10)
Beginning with God (preschoolers)
Table Talk (families)
Outreach
Christianity Explored Ministries
Christianity Explored
Life Explored
Discipleship Explored
Soul (14+ yrs)
CY (11-14 yrs)
Epic Explorers (kids)
Universal Editions
Promotional materials
Translations
Booklets and tracts
Books
Shop by Type
Books
Booklets and tracts
Christmas
Courses
Customised Cards
Customised Gospels
Gospels
Outreach Training
Shop by Series
Christianity Explained
Discovering Jesus through Asian eyes
Empowered
Engaging with...
Jesus and You
Live Grow Know
Questioning Faith
Putting Parenting to Bed
Preparing for Marriage
The World We All Want
Two Ways to Live
Wonderfully Made
Shop by Category
DVD based
Other Languages
Simple English
Training
Gospel Shaped Church
Gospel Shaped Worship
Gospel Shaped Outreach
Gospel Shaped Living
Gospel Shaped Work
Gospel Shaped Mercy
Shop by Category
Outreach
Reference
Short Courses In Practical Ministry
Courses
Shop by Course
Empowered
Engaging with
Gospel Shaped Church
Learn2Lead
Pray, Prepare, Preach
The Reason for God
Trellis and Vine Resources
Living Christianity
Shop by Subject
Childrens' Work
Church planting
Doctrine
Leadership
Preaching
Youthwork
Christian Living
Shop by Subject
About the Bible
Apologetics
Biography
Church
Church History
The Cross
Culture
Discipleship
Family and Parenting
Gender and Sexuality
Guidance
Marriage & Relationships
Men
Mental Health
Prayer
Spirituality
Suffering
Women
Work & Money
Shop by Occasion
Advent
Cards
Christmas
Customised cards
Dedications
Easter
Gifts
Gift Vouchers
Halloween
Lent
Reformation
Shop by Series
Discipleship Explored
Five Things to Pray
Gospel-Centred
Gospel Shaped Church
Guidebooks for Life
Live Grow Know
One to One
Questions Christians Ask
Talking Points
The Course of Your Life
Shop by Author
Christopher Ash
Don Carson
John Chapman
Tim Chester
Catalina Echeverri
Timothy Keller
C S Lewis
Sally Lloyd Jones
Alison Mitchell
John Stott
Tim Thornborough
Rico Tice
Jen Wilkin
Trillia Newbell
John Piper
Rebecca Manley Pippert
Vaughan Roberts
Children
Highlights
Alby
Colin Buchanan
The Good Book for Children
Sing the Bible
The Christmas Promise Series
Very Best Bible Stories
The Garden, the Curtain, and the Cross Series
Shop by Age
0 to 3
4 to 7
8 to 11
11 to 14
Shop by Series
Beginning with God
Click
Dig-in Discipleship
Do Great Things For God
Epic Explorers
Eric Says...
How Do I tracts
Inspector Smart
Light Keepers
Little Me, Big God
Table Talk
Tales that Tell the Truth
Teaching Little Ones
Torch Bearers
Trail Blazers
Very Best Bible Stories
Why Did Jesus tracts
XTB
Shop by Type
Bible Reading
Booklets and tracts
Books
Colouring and Activity Books
CDs and DVDs
Children's Bibles
Children's workers
Gifts
Outreach
Sunday School
Illustrations
Youth
Highlights
CY (11-14 yrs)
Soul (14+ yrs)
Summer Camps
Youthworkers
Shop by Series
Dig-In Discipleship
Discipleship Training Series
Discover
Engage
Growing Young Disciples
Little Black Books
The Junction
Turn upside down
Youthworks Bible Studies
Shop by Type
Books
Booklets and tracts
Bible Studies
Daily Bible Reading
eBooks
Home
>
Privacy Policy
TheGoodBook.co.uk Privacy Notice
Last updated: 22 September 2020.
The Good Book Company knows that you care how information about you is gathered, used and shared, and we appreciate your trust in us to take your privacy seriously. This privacy notice concerns all data gathered online: how it is collected, stored and used, and what your options are.
What information do we collect?
What about cookies?
What do we use your information for?
Do we share your information?
What choices and rights are available to you?
Security
Underage users
What about third party advertisers and links to other websites?
What information do we collect?
Financial information
If you pay with us online, we take your security very seriously. We do not store your actual card details on our servers, rather they are passed to our payment gateway providers* immediately for processing and removed following a successful transaction. Should you wish we will retain a payment card token which will enable easier payment on the same card thereafter. We will never share your financial information with anyone.
*Opayo, formerly Sage Pay, is a payments processing service that is owned by Elavon that operates in the UK and Ireland. The company  provides online payments processing as well as products for face-to-face and telephone payments.
Personal information
We gather information from customers in order to serve them more effectively, and as such includes details for site registration, order handling, delivery, payment processing and communication about orders, products, services, special offers. This information includes your name, email, billing/delivery address and phone number.
Automatic information
Automatic information is non-personally identifiable information that we receive and store by the use of "cookies" whenever you interact with us. From this we learn how to improve your experience in using our site as we try and display content relevant to you, and discover areas in which our website could be made to serve you better. To help us make e-mails more interesting and useful, we often receive confirmation of when you open e-mail from TheGoodBook.co.uk. For this purpose we collect data like your IP address (to measure site traffic, and determine which country you are browsing from and direct you to our most local site), browser type (so we can optimize our site to function with the browsers our customers are using), the content you are most interested in and the referring site you came from if any, to try and better understand and serve our customers.
We also use third party organisations** with adequate privacy policies to collect non-personally identifiable visitor data and analyse traffic on our site. This information also helps us better understand customer interests and improve our website for our customers experience.
**Olark's Google Analytics integration allows us to gain visitor insights and track conversions for chatting visitors.
Glean provides complete media monitoring services across all types of traditional and social media. This gives us insights, for example, into when we are mentioned on social media and sharing sites, online news, blogs, video sharing sites, etc.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Facebook Pixel and Pages collects data that helps us track conversions from Facebook ads, optimize ads, build targeted audiences for future ads, and remarket to people who have already taken some kind of interest in our website.
Mailchimp tracking provides tracking information from each time a URL (link) in one of our emails is clicked. Each time a contact clicks a link in the campaign, the tracking information redirects them through Mailchimp's servers and sends them to the intended web address.-
Crazy Egg records your entire visitor session. This helps us to understand general patterns of how people browse our site.
What about cookies?
Visiting TheGoodBook.co.uk with your browser adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you wish to use our TheGoodBook.co.uk's products and services and consent to our use of cookies to provide them to you. See below for information on how to modify the settings in your device to notify you when you receive a new cookie and disable cookies altogether (so you can browse anonymously).
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, you will not be able use a number of key website features without cookies, including all features requiring you to sign in or checkout.
Cookies enable us to identify you when you come to our site, add items to cart and keep ongoing track of them, provide delivery estimations, display personalised content, recording your specified preferences through your account, conducting research and analysis to improve our content provision.
Disabling Cookies
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. If you do this you will only be able to order by contacting us by phone or email (thegoodbook.co.uk/contact-us).
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
to personalise your experience: your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs, and tailor all our communications, and website experience to be as useful to you as it can be.
to improve customer service: your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
to process transactions: your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
to send periodic emails: the email address you provide at the preference centre stage of your order will be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: To ensure compliance with the GDPR, The Good Book Company began collecting explicit consent from December 2017. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails you can update your contact preferences in your website account or use the link at the bottom of each email you receive.
To send occasional direct mail containing information about new releases and gift ideas in the post. If you wish to stop receiving these you can opt-out using the account section on our website or by contacting us directly.
to improve our targeting across third party platforms such as Facebook and Google.
Do we share your information?
TheGoodBook.co.uk shares information with The Good Book Company, Ltd and the subsidiaries it controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Ministry partners: In addition you may have chosen to 'opt in' to sharing personally identifiable data with ministry partners, such as Christianity Explored, enabling them to better serve you with further freebies, resources and news. Such data will specifically exclude financial transaction data and be provided subject to the partner having privacy practices at least as protective as those described here.
Third party service providers: We employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for any other purpose, and must handle all such information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Statement from Christianity Explored Ministries (CEM)
We will not share your information with others without your consent.
We have established the following two principles:
Firstly, we will respect your email privacy. You will only receive email from CEM if you have given your consent and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Secondly, we will not share any individual user details (including your email address) to any third party without your consent.
You can read our full privacy policy here: https://ceministries.org/User/PrivacyPolicy.aspx
Business transfer: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that The Good Book Company, Ltd. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Legal or similar requirement: We release account and other personal information when we believe before God it is necessary to comply with law or valid order of a court or other governmental authority; protect the rights, property of TheGoodbook.co.uk, our users or others.
We will not sell, rent, share or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information from customers or commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice.
With your consent: Other than the above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Security
TheGoodbook.co.uk uses industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmission so that it is virtually impossible for hackers to access your information. Our employees are committed to protecting your privacy and will be bound by the terms of this privacy policy.
What choices and rights are available to you?
If you do not wish to receive specific mail or e-mails from us, or opt out of sharing data with some of our relevant ministry partners, you can adjust your communication preferences.
You have full access rights to any personally identifiable information that we have collected, which can be viewed by logging into your account on TheGoodbook.co.uk where you can review the information for accuracy and make any changes or corrections where appropriate.
To browse anonymously, you can disable cookies by following the instructions in the What about cookies? section, though many of TheGoodbook.co.uk's key features will no longer work if you do so.
Responding to the GDPR
In light of the incoming regulations set out in the GDPR, The Good Book Company has sought to ensure total compliance by:
Collecting explicit consent as of December 2017 at the checkout and account stages on The Good Book Company website
Enabling unbundled and granular consent options for customers
Contacting all active customers with news of the GDPR, informing them of their rights and reassuring them with our commitment to their privacy in all of our data handling processes.
Discontinuing all marketing activity which collects and uses email addresses in a way that is prohibited in the advice given by the ICO under the new legislation set out in the GDPR.
Your rights under the GDPR
As a user of the services of The Good Book Company you have several rights under the GDPR.
1. Right of access - you can find out what personal data we hold about you.
2. Right to rectification and data quality - you can correct our records if they are incorrect.
3. Right to erasure including retention and disposal - you can request for your data to be removed from our systems.
4. Right to restrict processing - you can request that your data is not used in certain ways.
5. Right to object - you can opt out of processing such as direct mail marketing.
There are three ways you can exercise your rights:
1. If you are receiving unwanted communications from us, follow the 'Preferences' link at the bottom to change what you receive from us.
2. If you have an account with us, use the Login facility in the top right to access your account. From here you can view and update your account details.
3. For further requests, such as erasure or to restrict processing, please contact our customer services team who will be happy to help you.
Underage users
If you are under the age of eighteen (18) years, you may use this web site and purchase products and services through the use of this web site only with the involvement and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
What about third party advertisers and links to other websites?
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Contact us
If you have any concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, or our treatment of your confidential data please contact us immediately by phone on 0333 123 0880, or by e-mail datacontroller@thegoodbook.co.uk