http://www.greenseal.org/terms
Terms and Conditions
Home / Terms and Conditions
Last updated: July 11, 2018
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”)carefully before using the https://www.greenseal.org website (the “Service”)operated by Green Seal, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance ofand compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users andothers who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If youdisagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to accessthe Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and willremain the exclusive property of Green Seal, Inc. and its licensors. TheService is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both theUnited States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not beused in connection with any product or service without the prior writtenconsent of Green Seal, Inc..
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that arenot owned or controlled by Green Seal, Inc.
Green Seal, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for thecontent, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites orservices. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individualsor their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Green Seal, Inc. shall not be responsible orliable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to becaused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goodsor services available on or through any such third party web sites orservices.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policiesof any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service immediately, withoutprior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reasonwhatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach ofthe Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive terminationshall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownershipprovisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Green Seal, Inc. and itslicensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers anddirectors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses,liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited toattorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access ofthe Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Green Seal, Inc., nor its directors, employees, partners,agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental,special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, lossof profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from(i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii)any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any contentobtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration ofyour transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort(including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have beeninformed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forthherein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an“AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warrantiesof any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to,implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Green Seal, Inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do notwarrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or availableat any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will becorrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; ord) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or theexclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages,so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws ofDistrict Of Columbia, United States, without regard to its conflict of lawprovisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not beconsidered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is heldto be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of theseTerms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreementbetween us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prioragreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Termsat any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days noticeprior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change willbe determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions becomeeffective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree tothe new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.