http://www.frbdiscountwindow.org/utilities/privacy-policy-disclaimer
Privacy Policy | Legal Notices
Effective Date: 3.16.2020
FRB Discount Window Privacy Policy
FRB Discount Window Legal Notices
FRB Discount Window Privacy Policy
This is the online Privacy Policy for the Federal Reserve Discount Window & Payment System Risk website, and is managed by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago on behalf of the Federal Reserve Banks. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago (sometimes referred to as “our” “us” or "we") respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information about the Federal Reserve Banks’ collection and use of your personal information (sometimes referred to as “user” “you” or “your”) obtained via this website or other means that refer to this Privacy Policy as being applicable. You understand and agree that your continued use of this website constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy.
Information on the General Reserve Bank Data Privacy can be found here.
Monitoring
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago monitors this website for unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, to defeat or circumvent security measures, to monitor and collect information on usage and interactions on the website, and to enhance user experience. By using this website, you consent to such monitoring and are advised that if our monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may provide such evidence to appropriate law enforcement officials.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is specific information that helps us to identify and contact you, such as your name, e-mail, telephone number, and postal address. Personal information may also be used to help us tailor our website, publications, marketing and services to you and others. We collect and use your personal information for a variety of purposes, including but not necessarily limited to the following:
Advancing marketing and advertising initiatives, such as online behavioral or interest-based advertising.
Conducting internal and external administrative tasks.
Enhancing your user experience.
Complying with legal requirements.
Emailing you content in which you may have indicated an interest.
Communicating with you and responding to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
Sharing publications and newsletters, including announcements about newly published works or updates to existing research.
Sending and responding to inquiries related to marketing and promotional materials, including event information and surveys.
Registering you for a conference or other event.
Performing analytics to improve consumer relations and operating systems.
Sending you a token of appreciation for your participation in selected activities.
Although the examples above describe our primary purpose in collecting and using your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a text file sent by a web server to your browser which may then be stored on your hard drive. This website uses cookies for limited purposes. Cookies are a common technique used to track a specific identifiable user's activity online. For example, cookies may be used on the Federal Reserve Discount Window & Payment System Risk website to personalize a user’s experience. In addition, sometimes third-party contractors will use cookies on websites they manage and operate for us. For example, the website linked to our job opportunities page is operated by a third-party contractor that uses cookies. Since that website is not operated by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, use or maintenance of personal information or any other information from or by that site.
This website makes limited and specific use of permanent cookies. First, we use cookies to track user traffic patterns on this website. The cookie contains an alphanumeric string to identify your computer as having visited the Federal Reserve Discount Window & Payment System Risk website. When you return to the website, we will know that you have visited before and that will give us information about what you found valuable on our website.
We may make occasional use of the same kind of cookie for user research, such as to administer user surveys, so that as a visitor to the website, you will be invited to participate in the survey only once. In this example, the cookie's presence on your computer will indicate to the website, that you are a returning user and that you have already responded to the invitation.
This cookie does not record any other information about you, nor can it be used to gather or correlate information about your activities elsewhere on the World-Wide Web.
Your participation will help us meet our goal of providing you with easy-to-use, high-quality content. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it or not. You can also set your browser to not accept cookies at all. If you do so, however, some areas of some websites may not operate properly.
We may use cookies on this website to collect statistical information about our users in aggregate. We use this statistical information to determine, among other things:
Our website's most popular pages.
The browsers and operating systems most often used by our visitors.
The websites and search engines that have referred visitors to our website.
The domains from which our users visit us.
These analyses are used only for the purpose of helping us understand and better meet our audience's needs. Such analyses do not involve personal information. Some aggregate website analysis is performed for us by Google Analytics (http://www.google.com/analytics/) and may involve the use of cookies set by Google. For Google's Privacy Policy, see https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/?fg=1.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Personal information may be shared for any reason with affiliates and agents of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, other Federal Reserve Banks, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. We may also share personal information about you to others:
When we have your permission.
When we retain the services of other outside agents or third-parties that are performing services under contract with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago or other Federal Reserve Banks.
When we are required to disclose personal information about you, or a company with which you are associated, to government officials or otherwise as required by subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other legal obligations or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against claims.
When we investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities or suspected fraud.
Social Media Applications and Third-Party Tools
We may use third-party social media websites and mobile applications ("Social Media Applications") as well as other third-party tools (“Third-Party Tools”) to interact with customers, depository institutions, researchers and the general public. The use of the information you submit to a given Social Media Application is governed by that Social Media Application’s applicable policies, e.g. its terms of service, privacy policy and other relevant policies. We may use a Third-Party Tool to distribute e-mail communications or to identify a target audience for marketing purposes. The Third-Party Tool may collect analytics information at an individual e-mail address level, such as identifying whether an e-mail communication has been opened and what links have been clicked. This information enables us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and enhance marketing campaigns so that we may improve our communications.
Safeguarding Personal Information
The safeguarding of personal information is important to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. While we use reasonable efforts to protect the security of your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago is in no way responsible for the security of personal information or any other information provided by you or collected by us via this website, through e-mail, or otherwise. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago is not responsible for safeguarding information that you provide to a third party.
When you fill out our online forms, they may be delivered to a Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago e-mail address or database. Your online communications may not be encrypted and, therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information sent electronically, whether submitted via an online form or an e-mail. If your communication is sensitive, or includes personal information that you do not wish to send us electronically, such as your bank account number, credit card number, or social security number, you may send it by postal mail to:
Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago
Attention: Credit Risk Management
230 South LaSalle
Chicago, IL 60604
Electronic Communications
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago takes your privacy very seriously. It is important to know that we never send e-mail requesting customers to reply in the body of an e-mail with personal information such as password, social security number, account numbers, or mother's maiden name.
Types of E-Mail Communications
We strive to send you e-mail communications that are informative and relevant, but also appreciate that you are in the best position to evaluate the appropriateness of our communications to you.
Generally, the types of e-mail communications the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago will send to you include, but are not limited to, transactional, relationship, and marketing e-mails.
You may also receive separate electronic communications from other Federal Reserve Bank entities. Any modifications you make to your subscription preferences for communications received from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago will not change or otherwise impact your subscription preferences for communications from other Federal Reserve Bank entities. Please respond as directed by the sending entity to modify your subscription.
How We Collect Information through E-mail Communications
E-mail communications sent to you by the Federal Reserve Banks may contain web beacons within the e-mail messages. The web beacons are one-pixel transparent images that collect identifiable information to determine information, such as which e-mails are opened and acted upon so we can provide more relevant content or offers in the future.
Children's Online Information Privacy
This website is not directed toward children under the age of 13, nor does the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago knowingly collect, maintain or use personal information obtained via this website about children under the age of 13. We are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. If a child whom we know to be under the age of 13 sends personal information to us online, we will only use that personal information to respond directly to the child, notify parents or seek parental consent. Minor children should always obtain parental consent before releasing information to this or any website.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Other Considerations
If you register for an event online, we may hold onto your registration information for additional purposes, such as contacting you in the future about similar events and for marketing and administrative purposes. If you do not want us to keep your registration information, you must notify us of your request by referring to the Contact Information section below.
We may from time to time provide a discussion group, Web log "blog" or forum. Please remember that information you submit in connection with such a feature will be publicly viewable and not confidential. There is a risk in such communication venues that information will be collected and used by others.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Therefore, we recommend that you check back periodically to review this Privacy Policy so that you always know how we collect, use, and share your personal information. The effective date denotes the date that we publish this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
Questions or comments about your personal information or the Privacy Policy of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may be directed by e-mail to frbdiscountwindow@chi.frb.org or by postal mail to: Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Attention: Credit Risk Management, 230 South LaSalle, Chicago, Illinois 60604
FRB Discount Window Legal Notices
Terms of Use
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago provides this Discount Window & Payment System Risk website ("website") on behalf of the Federal Reserve Banks as a convenience to Reserve Bank customers, depository institutions and the public. By using this website or the information, data or materials available on this website ("information") you acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions set forth on this website. We reserve the right to change the terms and conditions at any time without notice. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not use this website. You understand and agree that your continued use of this website after the date on which these terms and conditions have changed constitutes your acceptance of the new terms and conditions.
Consent to Monitoring
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago monitors this website. By using this website, you expressly agree to such monitoring and you are advised that any evidence of suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may be provided to law enforcement officials.
Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information on This Site
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago is not responsible if information made available on this website is not accurate, complete, or current. Any reliance on the information on this website is at your own risk, and any conclusions that you draw from the information presented here are yours alone and are not to be attributed to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. The views expressed on this website may not necessarily reflect the views of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago or of the Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may periodically update the information but makes no commitment to do so.
This website may provide links to websites not maintained by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago as an additional resource. Such external websites may also link to this website. External websites that link to this website or that this website links to are not under the control of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and may contain material that is protected under copyright or other laws or that otherwise has restrictions on its use. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago makes no warranty, express or implied, and does not assume any liability or responsibility for any information that is available on any external website. Neither this website's inclusion of links to external websites nor external websites' inclusion of links to this website implies the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago’s sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or approval of the external websites, the persons or entities managing or responsible for those sites, any views expressed on those sites, or any products or services offered on those sites.
Use of Material on this website
This website contains copyrighted materials, trademarked materials and other proprietary information, including without limitation, text, software, graphics, logos and buttons that are the property of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the Federal Reserve Banks, or other third parties ("proprietary materials"). Except as provided in this legal notice, to utilize these proprietary materials, written permission must be obtained from the owner(s) of the rights in the proprietary materials. Users may not reproduce, modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, of any copyrighted, trademarked or proprietary information owned by Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, except as expressly authorized by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago cannot grant permission to use copyrighted material, trademarked material or other proprietary information owned by third parties.
Any unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, to defeat or circumvent security measures or to utilize this website for reasons other than its intended purposes are prohibited.
The Federal Reserve Banks do not permit the use of their name in advertising, as an endorsement for any product or service or for any other purpose, commercial or otherwise.
Except as expressly provided elsewhere on this website, modifying, distributing, transmitting, performing, broadcasting, publishing, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, transferring, selling or creating derivative works from the material on this website is expressly prohibited.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago does not represent or warrant that your use of the material on this website will not infringe the rights of third parties.
You may not use contact information provided on this website for unauthorized purposes, including marketing. You may not use hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper operation of this website or to obtain or intercept any data, including personal information, stored in or sent to this website. You shall not interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this website in any way. You shall not frame this website (or any material on this website) or use the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago’s proprietary trademarks or service marks as metatags or hidden text on websites you own or control without the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago’s express written consent.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago reserves the right to limit or terminate your access to or your use of this website for any reason at any time without notice. Exercise of this right does not waive or affect any other right or remedy to which the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may be entitled at law or in equity.
Use of Federal Reserve Banks Copyrighted Materials
Most materials created by the Federal Reserve Banks, whether they contain a copyright notice or not, are protected from unauthorized use by copyright law. To utilize those materials in which the copyright is owned by a Federal Reserve Bank, permission must be granted by the applicable Federal Reserve Bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago hereby grants permission to reproduce written materials on this website (which is managed by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago on behalf of the Federal Reserve Banks) and in which the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago owns the copyright, provided that reproduction is not for the purpose of private and/or commercial gain and the materials are appropriately credited to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. If you wish to utilize Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago copyrighted materials in any other way, such as republication or distribution, you must contact the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and obtain its written permission to do so. To utilize materials in which the copyright is owned by a third party, you must contact that third party.
Website Notification Service
By subscribing to one of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago's email notification or subscription services via this website, you agree to waive any claim against the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago for any messages that you may receive by reason of your subscription to this service and/or any resultant harm to you and/or your computer from receipt of such messages. You also authorize the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago to maintain your name and contact information in its files and continue to send you email notifications until you unsubscribe by either clicking on the unsubscribe link included in alerts or other notifications sent to you by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago or by visiting www.chicagofed.org/subscribe to change your subscription preferences.
No Warranty
THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF CHICAGO DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT DEFAME ANY INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY OR INFRINGE UPON ANY INDIVIDUAL'S OR ENTITY'S RIGHTS OF PRIVACY OR PUBLICITY. THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF CHICAGO PROVIDES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUALITY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE. ALL INFORMATION, DATA AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
Limitation of Liability
THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF CHICAGO SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER KIND OF DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, OR ATTORNEY'S FEES) THAT ARE IN ANY WAY DUE TO, RESULTING FROM, OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THIS WEBSITE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF CHICAGO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, INCLUDING LIABILITY FOR ANY VIRUSES OR OTHER CONTAMINANTS WHICH MIGHT INFECT A USER’S COMPUTER SYSTEM.
Material You Submit
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any information or other material you may submit to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago through this website. Your responsibility includes ensuring that you have the necessary rights or permissions to submit the material to this website and that the material is lawful and appropriate in the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this website. You shall not enter, upload, distribute, or otherwise publish to or through this website any material that (1) is confidential, proprietary, false, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable or that violates or infringes on the privacy, publicity, or intellectual property rights of any person; (2) may constitute or encourage a criminal offense or would otherwise violate the law or the rights of another person; (3) may contain software viruses or other contaminants which might infect a computer system and/or (4) constitutes a chain letter, a mass mailing, or any form of spam.
If you submit material through this website, you grant the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago an unrestricted, nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display that material throughout the world in any media. You acknowledge and agree that the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago is free to use any ideas, concepts, or know-how that you provide to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago through this website. You grant the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago the right to use the name you provide in connection with the material you submit, if it chooses to do so.
By submitting material through this website, you represent and warrant that (1) you own or otherwise have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and/or permissions to use and to authorize the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago to use the material you submit in accordance with these terms of use; (2) the material does not and will not infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, or publicity right; (3) the material, or submission or use of the material, does not and will not violate any contractual restrictions to which the material may be subject; and (4) the material does not and will not violate any provision of these terms of use.
In using this website, you shall not use a false email address or provide other false identifying information and you shall not impersonate another individual or entity. If you submit material from outside the United States, you understand and agree that the material, including potentially personally identifiable information about you, may be transferred to and stored or maintained in the United States. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago handles all personal information you provide through this website in accordance with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago's Privacy Policy.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago has no obligation to post or accept any material you submit and may remove any material you submit and/or restrict or terminate your ability to submit material at any time for any reason without prior notice.
Registration
Some features on this website may require registration. By registering and in consideration of your use of this website, you shall provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself. You shall maintain and promptly update registration information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete.
Some features on this website that require registration also may require use of a password. You shall maintain the confidentiality and security of your password and registration identification. You are solely and fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account. If you have any reason to believe or become aware of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your password, you must notify Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago’s Credit Risk Management department immediately by sending an email to frbdiscountwindow@chi.frb.org.
In registering or using this website, you shall not (1) create an account for anyone other than yourself, unless previously authorized by another person to do so (2) attempt to cloak or conceal your identity; and (3) share your password, let anyone else access your account, unless authorized by you to do so, or take other actions that might compromise the security of your account.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may terminate your account and remove or discard all or any part of your registration data or user content at any time for any reason without prior notice.
Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Trademarks and Service Marks
Trademarks and service marks owned by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may not be used without express written permission from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. Other marks which may appear on this website are owned by one or more Federal Reserve Banks. Other product names and company names referenced on this website may be either trademarks or service marks of their respective companies. Permission to use any marks of third parties must be obtained from those third parties.
External websites
External entities may link to the Federal Reserve Discount Window & Payment System Risk website, as managed by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago on behalf of the Federal Reserve Banks, without obtaining written permission provided they comply with the following requirements:
The entity linking to the site must not create a frame or a border environment around the site.
The entity linking to the website must clearly indicate that the link directs the user to an external or offsite link and is not part of the linking entity's website.
The entity linking to the website must not alter, block or otherwise prevent the display of any content of this website.
The entity linking to the website does not misrepresent any association or affiliation with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago or the Federal Reserve Banks, nor does the entity state or imply any sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation or approval of the entity, its website or its products or services by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago or the Federal Reserve Banks.
For searching purpose, the entity linking to the site must specifically refer to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago by its full name, "Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago."
By including a link to the Federal Reserve Discount Window & Payment System Risk website on its site, a third party agrees that upon request by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago at any time for any reason, the third party shall immediately remove the link from its website.
References to Third Parties and Third-Party Products or Services
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago does not sponsor, endorse, or recommend any third party or any third-party products or services used on or by this website or referenced on or by this website.
Reporting IP Infringement
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago undertakes to obey all relevant copyright laws, and does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on this website. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago will review all claims of copyright infringement received and remove content deemed to have been posted or distributed in violation of law.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago will promptly terminate without notice any registered user's access to its limited access sites if that user is determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago to be a "repeat infringer." A repeat infringer is a registered user who has been notified by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago of infringing activity violations more than twice and/or who has had their content or any other user-submitted content removed from this website more than twice. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may also at its sole discretion limit access to any limited access site and/or terminate the registrations and/or memberships in any limited access site of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user content or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
Your physical or electronic signature (or the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on your behalf).
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
A description of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago to locate the material so that it may be removed or access to it may be disabled.
Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and email.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; an.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under the pains and penalties of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright ow.an>
If you believe that your user content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information:
Your physical or electronic signature;
A description of the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed (or to which access was disabled);
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed (or to which access was disabled) as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material;
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the United States district court for the judicial district in which your address is located or, if you are outside the United States, to the jurisdiction of the United States district court for the Northern District of Illinois; and
A statement that you will accept service of process from the person that provided the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago with notification of the alleged infringement (or that person's agent).
If a counter-notice is received by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago's sole discretion. (c) Claims and counter-notices can be sent to frbdiscountwindow@chi.frb.org or Credit Risk Management, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, 230 South LaSalle, Chicago, Illinois 60604. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the above requirements of this section of the terms of use, your DMCA notice or counter-notice may not be valid.
Accessibility
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago is working to make every page on its public web servers accessible to the widest possible audience, including people with visual disabilities using screen-reading software.
Many of the documents on Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago's web servers are in HTML and are usually compatible with screen-reading software. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago also has a large number of documents in Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format (PDF). PDF documents are displayed through Adobe's free Acrobat Reader, but may require additional steps to become accessible to screen readers.
Download Adobe's free Acrobat Reader
Other Means of Obtaining Documents
If you are seeking a document that is not accessible to you from this website and you would like to obtain a paper copy of it, you may submit a request by email to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Credit Risk Management at: frbdiscountwindow@chi.frb.org.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago invites comments on its accessibility policies. You may email Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Credit Risk Management at frbdiscountwindow@chi.frb.org or send a letter to Credit Risk Management, Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, 230 South LaSalle, Chicago, Illinois 60604.
Release and Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by law, you hereby release and waive all claims against the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and the Federal Reserve Banks and their officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all liability for claims, damages, costs and expenses (including litigation costs and attorney's fees) of every kind and nature, arising from or in any way related to your use of this website. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the Federal Reserve Banks, and their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all claims, damages, costs and expenses (including litigation costs and attorney’s fees) of every kind and nature, arising from or in any way related to your use of this website.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
This website is controlled and operated by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago from its offices in the United States of America. By entering this website, you acknowledge and agree that this website will only be construed and evaluated according to United States law, and in the absence of controlling federal law, with the laws of the State of Illinois. When using this website you agree to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws. If you use this website from locations outside of the United States you are responsible for compliance with any and all applicable laws of that or any other applicable location. The exclusive jurisdiction for any legal action or proceeding regarding the terms and conditions of this website shall be in the United States district court for the Northern District of Illinois located in Chicago, Illinois and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of that court.
Changes to These Terms of Use
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago reserves the right to change these terms of use at any time by posting revised terms on this website. It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago makes to these terms of use. Your continued use of this website after these terms of use have changed means you accept the changes.
Severability
If any of the terms and conditions are found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, you agree that the other terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect.
This site is a product of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. Pages on this site marked (PDF) require the use of the Adobe® Acrobat® Reader® 9 or higher. Adobe also provides a more accessible download page.
Address comments and questions to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Credit Risk Management.
Select Your District
Atlanta (6th District)
Boston (1st District)
Chicago (7th District)
Cleveland (4th District)
Dallas (11th District)
Kansas City (10th District)
Minneapolis (9th District)
New York (2nd District)
Philadelphia (3rd District)
Richmond (5th District)
San Francisco (12th District)
St. Louis (8th District)
Federal Reserve Board
×
Close