http://www.dioceseofraleigh.org/terms-use-and-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Menu
Search
Login
View site in English / Spanish
Contact
Director of CommunicationsJohn Dornan984-900-3418john.dornan@raldioc.org
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh Web site. Please review these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. By accessing our using this site, you agree to follow and be legally bound by these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
You may contact us at the following postal address:
Catholic Diocese of Raleigh
7200 Stonehenge Dr.
Raleigh, NC 27613
We may also be reached by telephone at 919-821-9700.
Copyright Information
This site contains information, data, logos, graphics, images, photographs and other elements and materials (collectively, "Materials") that are owned by and are the copyright-protected works of the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh or its third party providers. All rights are reserved.
Except as stated herein, you may not use, copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative words from, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit in any form or by any means, including electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means, and Materials without the prior written permission of the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh. Any unauthorized use of Materials contained on this site may violate copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or communications laws and regulations.
Online Conduct
You may not use the site for any unlawful purpose. You may not use the site to collect personal information about users or transmit through or post on the site any unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicitly, profane, hateful or any racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate applicable laws. You further may not use the site to violate, plagiarize or infringe the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary right.
Information Accuracy
The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh makes every effort to ensure that all information presented on this site is correct. However, the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh does not guarantee the accuracy of the information posted on this site, and reliance on information provided on this site is solely at your own risk. If inaccuracies do occur, however, the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh will make all efforts to correct them expeditiously. To report any Website inaccuracies, please email or write to: contact@raldioc.org or Communications, 7200 Stonehenge Dr., Raleigh, NC 27613.
Links to External Sites
This site includes hyperlinks to Internet sites operated by persons other than the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh. These links are provided for reference purposes only. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh does not control these sites and is not responsible for their content. The placement of hyperlinks within our Web pages does not imply special relationships with the sites or an endorsement of the material posted.
The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to or viruses that may infect the computer equipment or other property of User arising from or related to access to use of or browsing the site or the downloading of any materials, data, text, images from the site by the User.
Privacy Policy
Personal Information: The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh makes every effort to respect the privacy of visitors. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh does not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, filling out a survey or registration form or sending us an e-mail message. The types of information that may be requested include your name, address, occupation, etc. Periodically, the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh may send information by e-mail. Persons receiving any electronic mailings self-determine by offering names and addresses on guest books or subscription pages. All newsletters have an "unsubscribe" feature that allow users to automatically request to cease receiving copies
Aggregate Information: The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh may collect aggregate, non-personal information about its users and their usage of this Website and any related services. This information is not used to identify any individual user.
Information from Children: The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh maintains a Youth Ministry area of its Web site which is the only part of the Web site directed to minors. It is our policy not to collect email information from children under the age of 13. Persons under the age of 13 should not send any individually identifying information to us unless we have first received their parent or legal guardian's signed consent.
Donations: Users are given the option to make donations to Catholic causes through the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh. When users use the link to donate, they leave the Web site of the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh and link to a Web site operated by the Bank of America. Information about the privacy and security policies of the Bank of America is contained at their Web site.
Third Parties: The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh does not share electronic mailing lists with third parties.
Other Websites: This Privacy Policy only addresses the information-gathering practices of the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh. To the extent that you disclose personal information to other Websites, or link to other Websites, you are subject to the other Websites' privacy policies. We encourage you to review a third party Website's privacy policy before you disclose any personal information.
Disclaimer
This site and materials are provided "as is," and the use of the site and materials is at your sole risk. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the site, the operation of the site, the materials or the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or that use of the site will be uninterrupted or error-free. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh hereby disclaims, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, all express or implied representations, warranties and guaranties, including by not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the site. Information on the site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh may change or update information without notice. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this site at any time without notice.
Limitation of Liability Respecting Site
Neither the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any damages of any kind arising from or in connection with the use of the site or the materials, including mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses or delays in operation or transmission, even if the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including compensatory, direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages (including but not limited to damages for lost profits, loss or inaccuracy of data or loss of revenue).
Indemnification by Site User
You agree to hold the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh and its affiliates harmless from and indemnify them against any claims by you or third parties based on or related to your on-line actions or your use of the site or the Materials and all damages, costs and expenses relating thereto. You shall cooperate fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you shall not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh.
Governing Law; Choice of Forum
These Terms of Use, the use of the site and all other activities conducted through the site or with the Catholic Diocese of Raleigh will be governed by and construed and enforced under the laws of the State of North Carolina (excluding any conflict of laws rules). These Terms of Use represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the site and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. Any cause of action which you may have with respect to your use of the site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any legal proceedings relating to these Terms of Use or to the site or activity conducted on or relating to the site will be the appropriate state or federal courts in the State of North Carolina; you consent to such jurisdiction and waive all objections to such courts based on jurisdiction, venue and inconvenience of the forum.
Severability
The provisions for these Terms of Use are intended to be severable. If for any reasons any provision of these Terms of Use shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.
Legal Contact Information
The Catholic Diocese of Raleigh monitors and maintains this site with the help of its contractors and agents. If you have any questions about these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, please contact the site administrator through the contact information listed at the beginning of this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
RALEIGH/C07060-023/448267 v.1 05/30/05
About
The Diocese
Bishop Luis Rafael Zarama
Leadership
Our History
Past Bishops
Cathedral
Father Thomas Frederick Price
Contact Us
Offices
Administration
Archives
Business Services
Chancery
Chief Financial Officer/Chief Administrative Officer
Data Operations
Divine Worship
Evangelization and Discipleship
Home Mission Society
Human Resources
Information Technology
Property and Construction
Retreat Center
Tribunal
Vicar General
Communications
Communications Office
NC Catholics
News
Radio
Social Media
Submit a News Story
Education
Catholic Schools
Safe Environment
Child and Youth Protection
Report Suspected Abuse
Safe Environment Training
Ministries
Calendar
Diocesan Events
Parish Events
Submit an Event
Catholic Charities
Vocations
Priesthood
Diaconate
Religious Orders
Give