https://www.nasp.com/privacypolicy/
Skip to Content
Online Programs
Advanced Sales Influence (ASI)Take your influence and leadership to the next level.
Sales 101Learn foundational sales behaviors, strategies, and skills
Power of Contact MarketingLearn from marketing expert and author Stu Heinecke
ProSeries ProgramsJoin the top 1% of sales professionals in the world.
Next Level Virtual Coaching
Sales MasteryJoin our ongoing dynamic virtual coaching community
Resource Center
Career CenterExplore job postings from some of the best companies in the country looking for sales professionals
Training Resources
Daily Dose of Influence!Enjoy our video series of influence tips and strategies
Leads To GrowthDig into our podcast featuring industry leaders and experts
Coaches CornerLearn from our high-level sales coaching video series
Women of Sales & Influence – Facebook Live SeriesBe inspired by our Facebook Live series spotlighting top women influencers
Women of Sales & Influence – Video BlogEnjoy valuable, high-level sales strategies to empower your sales goals
Sales Resources
The Growth QuotientYou’ve heard about IQ, but what is your GQ?
Our Commitment to YouWe are here to help your approach to sales, how you interact with others, and how you perform and execute
Articles
NASP Sales BlogLearn from our member-submitted articles for sales professionals
Write For UsShare your sales expertise and insights with our community
About
About Our CEO
Standards of Conduct
Testimonials
Common Questions and Answers
Contact
Become an Affiliate
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for National Association of Sales Professionals
National Association of Sales Professionals (“NASP”) and is part of the Trusum Visions, LLC family of websites and applications. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of this website (the “Site”) and all related websites and applications (collectively, the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy describes NASP’s policy regarding how we collect, hold and use personal information (“Personal Data”) about individuals who visit the Site or use the Services (“Users”). The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our Site and Services.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms and Conditions for the Services. By using any part of the Services, including by submitting a form or information request, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us using the email or phone number listed below or through the form on our Contact page if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
We will collect and use the following personal information: full name, home address, phone number, email address, company, title, and credit card details. Additionally, when you visit the site we collect some basic information such as your browser type, IP address, Internet service provider’s domain name, which pages you accessed on the website, and when.
How Data is Used/Third Parties
We will use your personal information as follows: to provide the Services; to enable billing; to improve our website; for the development of new services; and for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes.
Security Measures
We provide reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal data. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees, service providers, and contractors who need access to perform the activities described in this Privacy Policy.
NASP utilizes encryption and authentication technology and related best practices to protect data entered and accessed by Users. Users have the right to view any and all records NASP maintains pertaining to that User’s account(s) upon written request. In addition to refraining from selling, licensing or otherwise providing personal information to any third party, we will refrain from knowingly using your contact information to send you unsolicited communications. Any emails or other notifications sent by NASP will only be in connection with the provision of its primary Services or sending information you have requested.
Log Files
NASP reserves the right to use Internet Protocol addresses, i.e. “IP addresses,” to analyze trends, administer the Site and the Services, track User activities, improve features and services and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers may log certain non-personal access information including browser type, access times and requested or referred URLs. This information is not shared with third parties, except on occasion in anonymous, aggregate form, and is disclosed among NASP personnel only on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.
Use of Cookies
Like most interactive web sites, NASP’s website may use cookies to enable the retrieval of User details for each visit. Cookies may be used in some areas of our Site to enable functionality and ease of use for those people visiting.
Social Media Plug-Ins
NASP uses the following social media plug-ins: Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+. These social media plug-ins enable direct communication between your device and the servers of the social network providers. Data will be transmitted to these social networks only if you actively click on the respective social media icon. In this case, your web browser starts a connection to the respective social network’s servers. By clicking on the social media icon you agree that your browser will produce a link to the respective social network’s servers and transmit usage data to the respective operator of the social network and vice versa. NASP has no influence upon the nature and extent of the data that is then gathered by the social networks.
Your California Privacy Rights
Shine the Light Request: If You are a California resident you also may have the right to request that we provide you with (a) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) the identity of those third parties. NASP does not currently make such disclosures to third parties.
If you are a California resident, you may exercise any of your California privacy rights by contacting us using the contact information listed below.
Children Under Age of 13
The Site and Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 do not use our Site Services or provide any information about yourself including, without limitation, your name, address, email address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we may have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the address below.
Our Contact Information
National Association of Sales Professionals
2121 Lohmans Crossing Rd. Ste 504-579
Lakeway, TX 78734
Email: theteam@nasp.com
Phone: 512-200-2963
Last updated on 3/18/2020