https://www.devalt.org/TandCpolicy.aspx
Social ActionIntegrated Village DevelopmentWomen EmpowermentSustainable HabitatSkills and Green jobsDevelopment CommunicationTechnology InnovationBuilding MaterialsWater ManagementRenewable EnergyTechnology TransferEnvironment ManagementNatural Resource ManagementClimate Adaptation and ResilienceUrban Environment ManagementSustainable AgricultureEnterprise SolutionsEntrepreneurship DevelopmentCluster DevelopmentBusiness Model IncubationPolicy ResearchClimate Action – Resilience and FinanceResource Efficiency and Circular EconomyGreen and Inclusive DevelopmentSustainability Assessments and ReportingUrbanisation
Privacy & Terms and Condition Policy
The information is provided by the Society for Development Alternatives (also referred to as “Development Alternatives” or “DA”).
Please read the Policy carefully to clearly understand our practices regarding the processing of your data. We value the trust you place in us. That's why we insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy. Please be aware that you must agree to this Policy in order to view and/or use our Website.
Note:
Our Privacy & Terms and Condition Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
By visiting this Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy & Terms and Condition Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Website.
By mere use of the Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy & Terms and Condition Policy. This Privacy & Terms and Condition Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.
You are responsible for ensuring any Data provided to Development Alternatives is complete and up to date.
1. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and other Information
Depending on the nature and purpose of your interaction with Development Alternatives (creating a user account,
subscribing to one or more Newsletters, completing contact forms, and any telephone conversations), we may collect the following Data:
Your email address is required for communication purpose.
Data relating to your identity, such as your full name, email address and telephone number may be required.
Data relating to browsing: Data relating to how you use the Website, including: IP address, browser used, browsing duration, search history, operating system used, language and pages viewed.
Data about your visits to our Website, including traffic data, log files and other data or communication resources used by you when accessing our Website.
Data about social network use when you use those features.
In general, you can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website.
We use data collection devices such as "Cookies" on certain pages of the Website to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Website and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
2. Use of Demographic / Profile Data / Your Information
We collect and use your data to:
Display our Website and their content to you.
Enable you to use our services (access the website, Forum and newsletter),
Offer you the Newsletters, products and services you have requested,
Notify you of changes to our Website and our range of products and services,
Uphold our rights and duties as stipulated in contracts signed with users, as well as for all other legal purposes.
We also use cookies and tracers for:
Improving your user experience, namely by:
Enabling our Website to recognize your equipment, saving you from having to provide the same information several times to perform the same task.
Recognizing the user name and password you have provided so you do not have to enter them again for each page requiring it.
Analyzing traffic and data on the Website to:
Measure the number of users and subsequently make the Website easier to use and ensure they can quickly respond to your requests
Evaluate browsing habits and accelerate your searches,
Help us understand how you use our Website in order to improve them.
We use personal information to provide the services you request. To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; collect money; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
3. Sharing of personal information
We do not share or sell the personal data to anyone
4. Links to Other Sites
The Website may contain links to various social network platforms managed on third party servers by people and organizations over which Development Alternatives Group has no control.
As such, we cannot under any circumstances be held liable for the way in which your Data is stored or used on those third party servers.
5. Security Precautions
Your data is stored on secure servers protected by firewalls and antivirus software.
We have implemented technical and organizational measures intended to protect the security and confidentiality of your data against any accidental loss and any unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure.
Given the inherent characteristics of the internet, we cannot guarantee the complete security of information exchanged over this network. We strive to protect your data, but cannot guarantee the absolute security of information sent to the Website. You agree that you provide your data at your own risk.
We cannot be held liable for any failure to comply with privacy settings and security measures implemented on our Website.
As such, you agree that the security of your information is equally your responsibility. For instance, you are responsible for keeping your user account password confidential.
Never provide it to any third parties. Similarly, be careful when you share information in the public sections of the Website as they can be viewed by all Website users.
You can choose how the data you provide is used:
You can browse the Website without providing Data.
If you do this, you will not be able to use certain features of the Website.
You can decide to no longer receive the newsletter
Simply unsubscribe using the link in the email with the newsletter
6. Advertisements on devalt.org website
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
7. Your Consent
If we decide to change our Privacy & Terms and Condition Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
8. Are Children Allowed to Use devalt.org?
Use of devalt.org is available only to persons who can form a legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872. If you are a minor i.e. under the age of 18 years, you may use devalt.org only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
9. Grievance Officer
For any complaints, grievances or suggestions please contact us at donations@devalt.org
Quick links
Stories of change
Our newsletter
Upcoming events
Media & publications
Our networks
Work with us