http://www.thelaw.com/faq/legal-terms-of-use-and-service.1/
Home
Notable Authors
New Articles
Law Forum
Search Forums
Recent Posts
Guide
Law Journal
Lawyers
Forms & Files
Add a File
Search Files
Top Contributors
Latest Reviews
Wiki
Members
Notable Members
Current Visitors
Recent Activity
New Profile Posts
Tickets
Open New Ticket
Search
Log in or Sign up
Ask a Legal Question
Submit Article
Law Dictionary
FAQ
Contact Us
Support
Search
Top Links
TheLaw.com
Home
Legal Terms
>
FAQ #1
>
Legal Terms of Use and Service
Category
All Questions
About This Site
Article Submission
Law Forum
Legal Terms
Legal Terms of Use and Service
1. Acceptance of Terms of Use and Amendments.Each time you use or cause access to this web site and TheLaw.com, LLC’s (hereinafter also “we” or “us” or “The Law Network”) network of web sites (including but not limited to TheLaw.com, TheLawReview.com, TheLawJournal.com and TheLawNetwork.com), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, and as amended from time to time with or without notice to you. In addition, if you are using a particular service on or through this web site, you will be subject to any rules or guidelines applicable to those services and they shall be incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use, including our Privacy Policy and and Legal Disclaimer, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
2. Our Service and our Content.Our web site and services provided to you on and through our web site on an “AS IS” basis.You agree that the owners of this web site or any other provider of services, exclusively reserve the right and may, at any time and without notice and any liability to you, modify or discontinue this web site and its services or delete the data you provide, whether temporarily or permanently. We shall have no responsibility or liability for the timeliness, deletion, failure to store, inaccuracy, or improper delivery of any data or information.
A. No Attorney-Client Relationship or Agreement. The use of our web site and our services is not intended to and does not create a privileged, confidential or attorney-client relationship between any users of our service, including any providers of information. Contacting any other user, member, third party, or other party is solely at the discretion of the user / communicator. Agreements for or regarding legal services are and must be done outside the scope of our services and are strictly between that person and the provider of legal services, not The Law Network. Any and all information that is contained on or made available through our web site and services is not intended to and does not constitute legal advice or counseling under any circumstance. Accordingly, The Law Network and any user, member or provider of information on or through our web site and service does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, adequacy or currency of the information contained in or linked from our web site. The Law Network is not a law firm and does not receive any portion of an attorney’s or law firm’s fees. All users of this service, whether or not they are also providers of legal information or assistance, are solely responsible for compliance with all laws and regulations governing their use of this web site and service, including but not limited to compliance with all ethics and bar association rules and regulations applicable to their practice. Attorney listings in our directory or which may appear on our site are attorney advertisements and do not constitute a referral or endorsement by The Law Network.
B. Do Not Disclose Personal or Confidential Information. Nothing submitted to our web site or service is treated as confidential. Communications to and from this web site are not secure and subject to the same risks of interception and security that exists on the Internet. It is in your best interests not to disclose any privileged, confidential or other valuable private information when using our web site and service. This includes the names of people, business, their private personal data and the like. Such information should only be disclosed outside the scope of this web site and service, for example, such as after signing a legal retainer with an attorney and thus being protected by the attorney-client privilege.
C. Limited Use of Our Content. Unless otherwise stated explicitly, all of our content made available is for personal, non-commercial use only. There are no republishing rights provided unless we explicitly provide them in writing or otherwise permitted by law. This means that you are not permitted to use, display or publish our content elsewhere. Any RSS feeds we provide are for personal use only, for use on your own personal devices, unless we explicitly state otherwise.
D. Attorney Case Review. Our attorney case review is also subject to the attorney case review terms and conditions of service. Please read it carefully before using our case review services.
3. Your Responsibilities and Registration Obligations.In order to use this web site, you must register on our site, agree to provide truthful information when requested, and be at least the age of thirteen (13) or older. When registering, you explicitly agree to our Terms of Use and as may be modified by us from time to time and available here.
4. Privacy Policy.Registration data and other personally identifiable information that we may collect is subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy and Legal Terms of Use and Service.
5. Registration and Password.You are responsible to maintain the confidentiality of your password and shall be responsible for all uses via your registration and/or login, whether authorized or unauthorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use or your registration, user account or password.
6. Your Conduct.You agree that all information or data of any kind, whether text, software, code, music or sound, photographs or graphics, video or other materials (“Content”), publicly or privately provided, shall be the sole responsibility of the person providing the Content or the person whose user account is used. You agree that our web site may expose you to Content that may be objectionable or offensive. We shall not be responsible to you in any way for the Content that appears on this web site nor for any error or omission.
You explicitly agree, in using this web site or any service provided, that you shall not:
(a) provide any Content or perform any conduct that may be unlawful, illegal, threatening, harmful, abusive, harassing, stalking, tortious, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, offensive, objectionable, pornographic, designed to or does interfere or interrupt this web site or any service provided, infected with a virus or other destructive or deleterious programming routine, give rise to civil or criminal liability, or which may violate an applicable local, national or international law; (b) impersonate or misrepresent your association with any person or entity, or forge or otherwise seek to conceal or misrepresent the origin of any Content provided by you; (c) collect or harvest any data about other users; (d) provide or use this web site and any Content or service in any commercial manner or in any manner that would involve junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of unauthorized advertising without our prior written consent; (e) solicit or otherwise use this web site or any of the information or data that appears on this web site, for any commercial activity without the prior written consent of TheLAW.com, Inc., including solicitation of users on this web site or provision of any goods or services. (f) provide any Content that may give rise to our civil or criminal liability or which may constitute or be considered a violation of any local, national or international law, including but not limited to laws relating to copyright, trademark, patent, or trade secrets, (g) use ad-blocking technology nor use any means which may alter the appearance of our website or other service so that our advertisements or promotions do not appear.
7. Submission of Content on or through this Web Site.By providing any Content to our web site: (a) you agree to grant to us an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive right and license (including any moral rights or other necessary rights) to use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, perform, promote, archive, translate, sell and to create derivative works and compilations, in whole or in part. Such license will apply with respect to any form, media, technology known or later developed; (b) you warrant and represent that you have all legal, moral, and other rights that may be necessary to grant us with the license set forth in this Section 7; (c) you acknowledge and agree that we shall have the right (but not obligation), in our sole discretion, to refuse to publish or to remove or block access to any Content you provide at any time and for any reason, with or without notice.
8. Our Premium ServicesTheLaw.com offers several different optional premium services at a cost to members. These premium services include but are not limited to on and off site advertising, the lawyer and expert directories and other consulting services (“Premium Services”). When you decide to obtain a Premium Service, you agree to accept any additional terms and agree to pay TheLaw.com associated with a respective Premium Service, including any subscription and referring fees. When you purchase a recurring service, you will be charged periodically as indicated for that service as indicated in the order, which may be monthly, quarterly, biannually, annually or as may be otherwise indicated. Your credit card will be charged shortly after your Premium Service and it will be effective for the period indicated for the service ordered. You explicitly agree that recurring payments made on the appropriate anniversary date for the Premium Service ordered will continue to be charged on a recurring basis until you cancel the Premium Service in according with these terms in this paragraph, unless otherwise specified in the terms and conditions for that Premium Service. In order to cancel your service to avoid a recurring charge, we must receive written notice of cancellation from you at least thirty (30) days or more prior to the date of the recurring charge. By way of example, if you purchased a Premium Service on March 1, 2014, which is billed monthly, you must send written notice to TheLaw.com no later than April 1, 2014 in order to avoid being billed on May 1, 2014. In addition, you also understand and agree to accept any increase that may be placed in effect for the Premium Service and to be billed at the increased fee amount.
Termination of Premium Services must be received by TheLaw.com and, to be effective, must be completed in either of three ways: (i) you terminate the service using our software and receive a confirmation of cancellation via email from TheLaw.com; (ii) you send a notice of termination to TheLaw.com at support at thelaw.com or use our Support Help Desk and receive a confirmation of receipt by TheLaw.com; or (iii) by mail to TheLaw.com LLC Att: Termination of Services, PO Box 539, New York, NY, 10116-0539. You understand and agree that Premium Services are NOT refundable and NOT prorated upon termination.
In the event that any payment is overdue and unpaid, TheLaw.com has the right to suspend or terminate your Premium Services immediately, within its sole discretion. Should the Premium Service be suspended or terminate, it will also terminate or cancel any special pricing or promotional benefit that was applied to your Premium Service.
Should you have any dispute with any charge relating to Premium Services, you agree to submit the dispute or claim in writing to TheLaw.com no later than 60 days after the date of the charge disputed or any and all claims and disputes will be considered waived, the charges finalized and not subject to any further dispute or challenge.
9. Third Party Services.Goods and services of third parties may be advertised and/or made available on or through this web site. Representations made regarding products and services provided by third parties are governed by the policies and representations made by these third parties. We shall not be liable for or responsible in any manner for any of your dealings or interaction with third parties.
10. Indemnification.You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless, our subsidiaries, affiliates, related parties, officers, directors, employees, agents, independent contractors, advertisers, partners, and co-branders from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees, that may be made by any third party, that is due to or arising out of your conduct or connection with this web site or service, your provision of Content, your violation of this Terms of Use or any other violation of the rights of another person or party.
11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE AND ANY SERVICES OR CONTENT PROVIDED (THE “SERVICE”) IS MADE AVAILABLE AND PROVIDED TO YOU AT YOUR OWN RISK. IT IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY, IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, THAT ANY PART OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, RELIABLE, OF ANY QUALITY, NOR THAT ANY CONTENT IS SAFE IN ANY MANNER FOR DOWNLOAD. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NEITHER US NOR ANY PARTICIPANT IN THE SERVICE PROVIDES PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND AND THAT USE OF SUCH ADVICE OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WITHOUT OUR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND.
Some jurisdictions may not allow disclaimers of implied warranties and the above disclaimer may not apply to you only as it relates to implied warranties.
12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF (I) THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, (II) THE COST TO OBTAIN SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND/OR SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO ON THROUGH THE SERVICE, (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR DATA TRANSMISSIONS, (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE, OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
In some jurisdictions, it is not permitted to limit liability and therefore such limitations may not apply to you.
13. Reservation of Rights.We reserve all of our rights, including but not limited to any and all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary right that we may have in our web site, its content, and the goods and services that may be provided. The use of our rights and property requires our prior written consent. We are not providing you with any implied or express licenses or rights by making services available to you and you will have no rights to make any commercial uses of our web site or service without our prior written consent.
14. Notification of Copyright Infringement.If you believe that your property has been used in any way that would be considered copyright infringement or a violation of your intellectual property rights, our copyright agent may be contacted at the following address:
TheLaw.com, LLC
Att: General Counsel
PO Box 539
New York, NY 10116-0539
Tel: 212-580-6630
Fax: 212-580-6630
E-mail: Please use our Support Center.
15. Applicable Law.You agree that this Terms of Use and any dispute arising out of your use of this web site or our products or services shall be governed by and construed in according with the laws of New York State, located in the United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. By registering or using this web site and service you consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the appropriate courts located in New York County in New York State, USA.
16. Miscellaneous Information.(i) In the event that this Terms of Use conflicts with any law under which any provision may be held invalid by a court with jurisdiction over the parties, such provision will be interpreted to reflect the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law, and the remainder of this Terms of Use will remain valid and intact; (ii) The failure of either party to assert any right under this Terms of Use shall not be considered a waiver of any that party’s right and that right will remain in full force and effect; (iii) You agree that without regard to any statue or contrary law that any claim or cause arising out of this web site or its services must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause arose or the claim shall be forever barred; (iv) We may assign our rights and obligations under this Terms of Use and we shall be relieved of any further obligation.
Category: Legal Terms
Published: Jul 29, 2015
Page Views: 33206
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Google
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Sign up now!
TheLaw.com
Home
Legal Terms
>
FAQ #1
>
Welcome to TheLaw.com! Please take a moment and Register today!