http://www.electionaccess.org/help/cookies/
Home
Help
Cookies
Cookies
The International Foundation for Electoral Systems (IFES) and our third party service providers may use technology to automatically collect and store certain types of information whenever you interact with websites. Examples of technologies used include: log files, cookies and pixel tags:
Log files are small text files that websites automatically create when a user visits a site. Log files allow us to collect navigational information about your visit on our website, such as the URL of the page from which you arrived, your IP address and technical information regarding your device used to visit our website, such as browser type and version.
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives of visitors to their sites. A cookie contains a unique code, which is used to recognize your computer when a user of your computer returns to a website that was visited previously. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our site before, how you navigate our website and your preferences.
Pixel tags (also known as web beacons, web bugs and clear GIFs) are nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic images on a webpage or in an email message. Pixel tags may be used to collect the same information about your visit that is collected through cookies, as noted above. Pixel tags in emails help us confirm the receipt of, and response to, our emails and the time our email is viewed. In addition, we may collect information related to when and where you “click-through” in an email to one of our websites.
We may also use other technologies to automatically collect and store similar information related to your interactions with our website and emails.
Use of information
We will use your information to respond to your specific requests. We will also use information about you to contact you via email, regular mail or other forms of communication in the future to tell you about IFES events, IFES publications, changes to this privacy policy and to customize our communications to you.
The information collected through technology helps us personalize your experience, better understand how our site is used and improve our websites and emails.
More Help
How to use this site
An explanation of the different resources available at ElectionAccess.org, including an overview of country categories and frequently asked questions.
Accessibility
Provides explanations on how to use or adjust accessibility features such as text size, theme colors, captions, and alt-text for images.
Privacy
Overview of privacy on ElectionAccess.org
Terms & Conditions
Terms and conditions for ElectionAccess.org
How can we improve this page?
Thank you for helping us.