https://www.harrislawsite.com/legal.php
Legal Disclaimer & Privacy Policy | Harris Velázquez Gibbens
(503) 648-4777
Open M-F Until 6:00pm
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Practice Areas
Attorneys
Contact Us
Client Reviews
About
FAQS
Videos
Articles
Locations
Facebook
Google+
Se Habla Español
Hillsboro
N.E. Portland
Legal Disclaimer & Privacy Policy
Call (503) 648-4777 to talk to an attorney.
Legal Disclaimer
Neither the website nor use of information from the website creates an attorney-client
relationship. The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision and you should consider the
information contained on this website as well as other relevant factors in making such
decisions.
You may send e-mail via our e-mail links on this website. Sending an e-mail to our office,
however, does not create an attorney-client relationship. Do not send confidential or
privileged information to us until you establish such a relationship. Furthermore, we advise
against sending privileged or confidential information through e-mail at all, since we can
in no way ensure the security of your e-mail. By sending sensitive or confidential e-mail
messages that are not encrypted you accept the risks of such uncertainty and possible lack
of confidentiality over the Internet.
At times, this website may contain links to other resources on the Internet. Those links are
provided solely as aids to assist you to locate other internet resources that may be of
interest. They are not intended to state or imply that Harris Velázquez Gibbens, P.C. sponsors, or is
affiliated or associated with, such linked sites.
The materials on this website are intended to be for informational purposes only. This
information does not constitute legal advice. The law is constantly changing and the
information may not be complete or correct depending on the date and your particular legal
problem. Each legal problem depends on its individual facts and different jurisdictions have
different laws and regulations. Because of these differences, you should not act or rely on
any information on this website without seeking the advice of a competent attorney, licensed
to practice law in your jurisdiction, for your particular problem.
Privacy Policy
Any personal information you provide including and similar to your name, address, telephone
number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or
individuals outside of Harris Velázquez Gibbens, P.C..
External Sites
Harris Velázquez Gibbens, P.C. is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. You are
advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal
information.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security
of any information that you transmit to Harris Velázquez Gibbens, P.C. In addition, other Internet
sites or services that may be accessible through the Harris Velázquez Gibbens, P.C. website have
separate data and privacy practices independent of this website, and therefore we disclaim
any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their
privacy policies.
Our Attorneys
Robert J. HarrisAttorney Bio
Amy N. VelázquezAttorney Bio
M. Casey GibbensAttorney Bio
Laura BurgeeAttorney Bio
Joseph BeckAttorney Bio
Terisa Page GaultAttorney Bio
Alescia DaviesAttorney Bio
Adam ThayneAttorney Bio
Victoria NorrisAttorney Bio
James A. UnderwoodAttorney Bio
Susanna CarlsonAttorney Bio
ABOUT Harris Velázquez Gibbens
We are a full service law firm with three offices in the Portland metro area.
We offer a free 15 minute interview, capable attorneys and staff to assist clients in a variety of legal matters.
If for some reason we can't help you, we can refer you to an attorney who can.
Harris Velázquez Gibbens - Hillsboro Office
165 SE 26th Avenue
Hillsboro, Oregon
97123
Hillsboro Office Details
Harris Velázquez Gibbens - N.E. Portland Office
650 NE Holladay St., Suite 1600-1661
Portland, Oregon
97232
N.E. Portland Office Details
Copyright © Harris Velázquez Gibbens | Legal Disclaimer & Privacy Policy
| Sitemap | Follow us on Google+ | Website by Dan Gilroy Design
Harris Velázquez Gibbens Attorneys at Law is an assumed business name of Harris Law Firm, PC. An Oregon professional corporation.
Click-to-Call