https://www.kaac.com/about-kaac/privacy/
Home
Calendar
Governor’s Cup
JV Challenge Calendar
Sixth Grade Showcase Calendar
Certification Clinics
About KAAC
KAAC Staff
KAAC Board of Directors
Kentucky Academic Hall of Fame
Tournaments
List Your Tournament
Tournament Announcements
Tournament Results
Login
JV Challenge
Coaches
Scorers
Board
Trainer
Latest News
Competitions
Governor’s Cup
Sixth Grade Showcase
JV Challenge
Future Problem Solving
Results
Coaches
Store
Certification
About KAACStaff
Board of Directors
KAAC Board Membership
Kentucky Academic Hall of Fame
Privacy
Privacy
KAAC Internet Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how KAAC uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. KAAC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. KAAC may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as zip code, affiliations, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to what you are signing up for or ordering
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
If you have any questions about this policy, contact KAAC at 502.223.0088.
Governor’s Cup
Future Problem Solving
Sixth Grade Showcase
JV Challenge
The Kentucky Association for Academic Competition
113 Consumer Lane // Frankfort, KY 40601
502.223.0088 // Fax 502.223.0430 // kaac@kaac.com
© 2020 KAAC | All rights reserved | Design by Code FortePrivacy Policy