http://www.netimpact.org/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHomeNet Impact Privacy Policy
Net Impact Privacy Policy
(Updated on 8/11/20)
Net Impact is a U.S. 501(c)(3) not-for-profit entity. Net Impact’s chapters are separate entities and not legal affiliates of Net Impact. If you are a member of a chapter, we encourage you to review Net Impact’s Privacy Policy regarding the privacy of data provided to Net Impact, but also reach out to your local chapter to understand their policies regarding personal information you have provided directly to them.
Net Impact is committed to protecting the privacy of our members and website users' personal information. We collect and use personal data only as it might be needed in keeping with our mission of inspiring and equipping future leaders. Your personal data includes information such as:
Name
Organization/Company/University/Department
Business title
Graduation date
Major
Email address
Address
Telephone numbers
Any personal information provided via a form or the results of any questionnaires/surveys you agree to respond to
The Net Impact Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data. It also describes options we provide for you to access, update, or otherwise take control of your personal data. This statement applies with respect to the information that we collect from the Net Impact website, located at www.netimpact.org, and associated web properties. Note that this policy may be revised periodically without notice. Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof. If you have concerns about how your data is being collected and used, please review this policy prior to submitting any personal information. And if you cannot agree to the terms of our privacy policy, please refrain from using the Net Impact website. If you have questions about this policy or your personal data, please email us at privacy@netimpact.org.
Personal Information Collection and Use
Net Impact collects personal data to provide you with the best service and experience when you join our network. Much of this personal information is collected directly from you when you:
Create or update email preferences
Complete a survey
Complete a webform
Purchase an event ticket
Register as a member through a Net Impact microsite
This information may include information authorized by you from LinkedIn and Google. Once an online account is created, information collected is aggregated in your profile. You may update or change your personal information any time by logging into the website and navigating to the "My Account" section.
Your data is used solely by Net Impact and is not shared, traded, or sold to third parties, except with companies who process data on behalf of Net Impact or provide other services to Net Impact. We use a third-party provider, Salesforce, to manage constituent data that we use to facilitate our communications, record donations, and process chapter affiliations and roles. For more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices, see their privacy policy. In addition to Salesforce, Net Impact service providers currently include, but may not be limited to, Pardot, Authorize.net, Braintree, Drupal, Pantheon, and Bizzabo. The services provided may include email service, payment processing, website hosting, event platforms, and other processing services required by Net Impact.
Please note that information we collect from you may be stored and processed by these providers consistent with their privacy policies, which we encourage you to review. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers keep your personal data confidential and only use your personal data to the extent necessary to perform their functions and not for any other purpose.
If you submit any personal information to Net Impact in response to a request for a resume book or for program interest or participation, this may be shared with relevant third parties (including partners), depending on the nature of the request. Personal information collected in this capacity will be used solely for the purpose identified and covered under the policies of that particular request, not this Privacy Policy.
You may also provide Net Impact with data related to other people, for example to refer a friend to start a chapter or to nominate a speaker for a Net Impact event. As part of this process, you will need to provide personal data, such as name and contact information, to us about persons other than yourself. You agree to and confirm that you have sought and received consent to share such person’s personal data with us prior to submission.
The Net Impact website also collects non-personal data used to ensure important site-functionality, including recognizing logged-in members. When you view our website we may store information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a website as easily as possible. We use cookies to identify you and to deliver content specific to your interests.
You can turn off cookies through the Preferences option on your web browser. Turning off cookies, however, may cause technical difficulties when navigating the website, and may limit your ability to log in and access your profile.
The Net Impact webserver also records IP addresses from all visitors to the site. The collection of IP addresses is standard procedure in most webserver environments and are not linked to any personally identifiable information. The IP addresses are used to help diagnose problems, analyze trends, and gather broad demographic information, helping Net Impact further improve our website. Net Impact may collect and use the geographical location of your computer or mobile device. This location data is collected automatically and is used to provide you with information regarding services which we believe may be of interest to you based on your geographic location and to improve our location-based products and services.
When you register or login using a third-party single user sign-in we may also recognize you as the same user across different devices and personalize your experience. If you access the Net Impact website or web forms from a country other than the United States, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders.
Our website and the servers that make this site available worldwide are located in the United States. The Internet laws in the United States govern all matters relating to this site. Any information you provide in subscribing to our website or registering at our website will be transferred to the United States. By visiting our site and submitting information, you authorize this transfer, processing and use.
You may also provide Net Impact with data related to other people, for example to refer a friend to start a chapter or to nominate a speaker for a Net Impact event. As part of this process, you will need to provide personal data, such as name and contact information, to us about persons other than yourself. You agree to and confirm that you have sought and received consent to share such person’s personal data with us prior to submission.
Google Analytics
Net Impact uses Google Analytics. To provide website visitors with more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or to other web analytics services.
Social Media Widgets and Applications
The Net Impact website and microsites may include functionality to enable sharing via third party social media applications, such as Facebook and Twitter. These social media applications may collect and use information regarding your use of the Net Impact website. Any personal information you provide via such social media applications is governed by the privacy policies of that company. Net Impact does not have control over, or responsibility for, those companies or their use of your information.
Net Impact Communications
Net Impact may use the data you provide to contact you with updates, newsletters, marketing, or promotional material, membership information, network updates, and new features and services. Net Impact may contact you through email, phone calls, SMS messages and push notifications. Net Impact will from time to time deliver email communications to members, employers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, and newsletter subscribers in our database on behalf of Net Impact, partners or Net Impact chapters.
If there is ever a major error included in a Net Impact email that provides misleading information, Net Impact will send a corrected version of the email, accompanied with an explanation of the problem.
You may customize your communication preferences or opt-out of receiving future communications by updating your Email Preference center at the bottom of each email. Alternatively, you may do this by following the instructions set forth in the “How you can change your communication preferences section” below or by emailing privacy@netimpact.org.
Surveys and Testimonials
At times Net Impact will run surveys asking for specific contact or demographic information, such as information personal preferences/opinions about specific Net Impact programs, events, and resources. These surveys are always optional and your personal information is stored and used consistent with this policy. The purpose of these surveys is to improve the programs, initiatives, and resources for our members.
Our website and the servers that make this site available worldwide are located in the United States.
Off-Site Links
Net Impact provides links to other websites. Net Impact is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of these other sites.
Co-Branded and Framed Sites
From time to time, Net Impact works with trusted partners. You may find our logo on various other websites. These types of pages are branded by both Net Impact and a partner. However, the data collected on these types of pages is not governed by our privacy policy. Your activity and information on these sites is governed, gathered and controlled by the privacy statement on the URL/domain address you are visiting.
Net Impact may syndicate its content to and distribute its content through other sites on the Internet. Although you may see the Net Impact logo on these pages, your activity and information on a framed site is governed, gathered, and controlled by the privacy statement on the URL /domain address you're visiting. Net Impact does not receive user information back from these framed sites.
Personal Information Retention
Net Impact will retain your information as follows:
Technical data (e.g., IP address, device information) incidentally collected when you visit our website will be retained for 90 days;
If you sign up for communications from Net Impact, we will keep your information until you unsubscribe after which we will only retain that information that will enable us to retain your unsubscribe preference;
If you create a member account with Net Impact, we will keep your information until you communicate a preference for us to no longer retain that data
If you donate or purchase a product or event ticket from Net Impact via or website or by phone, we will keep your information to process your payment and enable us to ensure that transactions can be appropriately processed
If you apply for a position with Net Impact we will retain your application for 3 years. Retirement and pension records will be kept permanently. Other employment and personnel records will be retained for 7 years after termination.
At the end of the retention period, we may store your information in aggregate and anonymized format to help us understand historical behaviors and to enhance our website. Your personal data will be retained for longer if required by law or a court order and/or as needed to defend or pursue legal claims.
Photography and Videography
While attending a Net Impact event, you may be filmed, photographed or recorded. Net Impact, including our partners, chapters and agents, may use these films, images or recordings for marketing purposes.
Security
The Net Impact website has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information including limiting staff access and the use of encrypted data.
How You Can Access, Update or Remove Your Data
Net Impact gives users the following options for accessing and updating your data:
Log in to your account at https://www.netimpact.org/user
Select "My Account"
Select "Edit"
Follow the prompts to edit your information by section
To have Net Impact update, transfer or remove your personal information, please email us at privacy@netimpact.org. Or send a letter via postal mail to:
Net Impact
1333 Broadway, Suite 250
Oakland, CA 94612
It may take up to 30 days for your data to be processed in deletion.
How You Can Change Your Communication Preferences
You can change your email preferences or opt out from receiving newsletters and irregular communications from Net Impact by taking the following actions:
To opt out via your profile:
Log in to your account at https://www.netimpact.org/user
Select "My Account"
Select "Edit"
In the right column, unselect appropriate checkboxes
To have Net Impact opt you out, please mail us at privacy@netimpact.org. Or send a letter via postal mail to:
Net Impact
1333 Broadway, Suite 250
Oakland, CA 94612
Additionally, at the end of every email communication from Net Impact, there is a link to opt-out and/or update your subscriptions. When we receive an opt-out request, we will take steps to stop sending email to the requestor's email address within 10 business days.
Children’s Privacy
Net Impact does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided Net Impact with Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@netimpact.org. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16 without parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Donor Privacy Policy
Net Impact respects the privacy of its donors and will not share or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else.
Legal Disclaimer
Net Impact will disclose personal and aggregate information when required by a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, or when we deem it necessary, in our sole discretion, to protect our rights and the safety of others, or our members, employees, or properties.