http://www.dckids.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
DC Action for Children and all affiliated services respect each individual's right to personal privacy. We will not share your information with any third-party organization without your explicit permission to do so. Personal information you provide is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated staff. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement.
Information Collection and Usage
DC Action for Children collects optional and / or voluntary information that users provide; and information that is automatically recorded in a standard, web server log file each time a page request is made.
Optional and/or voluntary information is provided by users when they take action on an organization's campaign, donation, signup or other page created with Mail Chimp platform (third party). This information belongs to the member organization (DC Action for Children) and will not be used by Mail Chimp for any purpose other than aggregate statistics.
Credit Card Transactions
DC Action uses PayPal for credit card transactions. Credit card transactions uses cookies and clear GIFs on this specific site, which allow them to recognize a user's cookie when a user visits this site. The information they collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable.
Linking
Our website will offer forums and message boards. Please be advised that information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge.
Data Storage and Security
The data we gather from users is stored on our servers along with everything else on our servers, and the same security measures protect users' data as protect our own internal data.
We use industry-standard methods to protect the confidentiality and integrity of personal information. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" anywhere on the Internet, we protect your data just as we protect our own. Furthermore, access to personal data is restricted within the company, and all employees are aware that personal data is private.
Your Choice to Opt Out
Subscribers can remove their names from our subscriber list at any time.
Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy.