http://www.epm.org/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Eternal Perspective Ministries website, www.epm.org, is governed by the following Privacy Policy.
We value the trust you place in our ministry, and are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this website.
By continuing to use our website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
What Information Do We Collect and How Is It Used?
Information You Voluntarily Submit to Our Website: We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to us by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form.
Information We Collect from Others: Our website may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you use a third-party software through the site, they may transfer information to us for fulfillment.
Automatically-Collected Information: Our website automatically collects certain information about you and the device with which you access it. For example, when you use our website, it will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed our website. Our website may also collect information about actions you take when using it, such as links clicked.
Cookies: Our website may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the website. Our website may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on our website.
How Your Information May Be Used
Our website may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain our website;
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To process your purchases and donations;
To provide you with user support;
To track and measure advertising on our website; or,
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
Third-Party Use of Personal Information
Our website may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information. Additionally, our website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of our website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies. The EPM site currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics – this service tracks website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on our website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Mail Chimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. Mail Chimp stores your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications. Mail Chimp’s use of your personal information is subject to Mail Chimp’s privacy policy.
BigCommerce – our website uses BigCommerce to host its ecommerce application. When orders are placed through BigCommerce, it will store information about the purchase, including your name, address, email address, IP address and location. This information is used for order fulfillment. You may automatically receive certain correspondence from us related to your order, but your purchase will not automatically add you to any marketing email lists.  Big Commerce’s use of your personal information is subject to Big Commerce's Privacy Policy.
NMI – this service is used for payment processing on ecommerce products. At no time is your banking information passed to our website. We receive only information used for order fulfillment and reporting. NMI’s use of your personal information is subject to NMI's Privacy Policy.
Paypal – this service is used for payment processing on ecommerce products. At no time is your banking information passed to our website. We receive only information used for order fulfillment and reporting. Paypal’s use of your personal information is subject to Paypal’s privacy policy.
ShippingEasy – this service is used for creation of shipping labels for purchases made through our website. Depending upon the type of shipping used, your information will be entered for purposes of shipping and tracking with the USPS, UPS, or Federal Express. Your information will not be shared with ShippingEasy without your consent. ShippingEasy’s use of your personal information is subject to ShippingEasy's Privacy Policy
Giving Fuel – this service is used to manage donations and collects user-submitted personal information, such as name, email, physical address, phone number, credit card info, etc. Use of personal information entered in Giving Fuel may also be used by Sage Payments and GiftWorks, as described herein. Giving Fuel’s use of your personal information is subject to Giving Fuel's Privacy Policy.
Sage Payment Solutions – this system is used to process donations made through Giving Fuel. While information regarding your donation is stored in GiftWorks, our website does not store your payment information outside of Sage’s software. Sage’s use of your personal information is subject to Sage's Privacy Policy.
GiftWorks – This system is used to collect data regarding all donations made through our website. GiftWorks does not directly collect information from our website; instead, personal information collected from our website through Giving Fuel is manually entered into GiftWorks database. The information shared between Giving Fuel and Giftworks includes, but is not limited to: names, email addresses, physical addresses, phone numbers, and birthdates. The information in GiftWorks is used for donor/donation records, sending donor statements/correspondence, and maintaining our Eternal Perspectives magazine mailing list. The magazine mailing list is exported to the magazine printing company when the magazine is mailed out. GiftWorks’s use of your personal information is subject to GiftWork’s Privacy Policy.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time at our sole discretion.
Except when required by law, Eternal Perspective Ministries will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, Eternal Perspective Ministries may disclose or transfer personal information collected through our website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
Anonymous Data
From time to time, Eternal Perspective Ministries may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, and customize content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein.
Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by using a corresponding setting of on their Internet browsers and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time using an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate cookies, parts of our website may not function correctly.
Advertising
Retargeting Ads - From time to time, our website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to promote our website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. This means that after visiting our website, you may see an ad for our services. However, your personally identifiable information is not used by any remarketing service other than to present you offers from our website. We use the following third-party service providers for remarketing:
Facebook: Opt-out of Facebook remarketing here Google: Opt-out of Google remarketing here
Affiliate Program Participation - Our website engages in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into our website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
Eternal Perspective Ministries is a participant in the Christianbook.com Affiliate Program.
Newsletters - On our website, you may subscribe to our newsletters, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, Eternal Perspective Ministries may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows Eternal Perspective Ministries to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This information will not be passed on to third parties.
Rights Related to Your Personal Information
Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at info@epm.org to be removed from our mailing lists.
Access – You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to info@epm.org.
Amend – You may contact us at info@epm.org to amend or update your personal information.
Forget – In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to info@epm.org.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
Sensitive Personal Information
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to our website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Children's Information
Our website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that our website has personally identifiable information of a child under age 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at info@epm.org and we will do our best to promptly remove such information from our records.
Contact Information
At any time, please contact us at info@epm.org for questions related to this Privacy Policy.
Last updated July 12, 2018
Home
Books
Blog
Browse
About
Connect with Us
Support EPM
Search
Invest in Eternity
If you’ve been impacted by our resources, we invite you to make a year-end gift before December 31.
It’s the generous support of our ministry partners that enables us to continue our eternity-shaping work.
However, we’re here to serve everyone without cost, so please don’t feel obligated to give unless the Lord leads.
Support EPM