https://www.ncdisability.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
a. Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
i. modify or copy the materials;
ii. use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
iii. attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC’s web site;
iv. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
v. transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
b. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
a. The materials on Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC’s web site are provided “as is”. Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC’s Internet site, even if Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC or a Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We may use cookies to track the performance of marketing campaigns. Third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads on sites across the internet, based on your past visits to our website. We may use this anonymous information for remarketing, to display more relevant ads to you on other websites at a later time. You can opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the “Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Page.”
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Contact Us Today
For A Free Consultation
Fill out the form below or give us a call today at (919) 856-9010.
Full Name*
Phone Number*
Email Address
Zip Code
Services Interested In
Select Service
Social Security
Workers' Compensation
This form is secure and all information shared will be transmitted securely.
"Serious Help for
Serious Injuries"
No Fees Unless You Win
What Our Clients Say
Lennon & Camak, PLLC, were diligent in handling my workers’ compensation case. They had my best interests at heart and took the time to explain the pros and cons of settling my case. Someone was always available to talk to me and I felt confident in the decisions that were made.
- Sharon Cameron
After 6 years of fighting, Mr. Camak called me to say that I had finally won my case. All I could do was fall to my knees. I thanked him for believing in my case and never giving up on me. If you want a lawyer who is going to fight tooth and nail for you, Neal Camak is your man.
- Danette Majette
Lennon & Camak, PLLC, handled both my workers’ compensation and Social Security disability claims. In both cases they delivered a quality legal product with professional service. There was never any doubt they had my best interests in mind at all times.
- Robert Tripp
My claim was handled professionally from start to finish. Ms. Gates and Mr. Camak were knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. I would recommend them to anyone.
- Melvin Reed
I knew from the start Mr. Lennon would not have taken my case if he did not believe he could win. I was that confident in him. Thank you for helping me get through the process!
- Sara Moore
© 2020 Lennon, Camak & Bertics, PLLC, Raleigh, NC
Web Design & Internet Marketing by
Serving: Raleigh, Durham, Chapel Hill, Wake County, Durham County, Orange County, Triangle, North Carolina, NC