http://www.yogascotland.org.uk/albanyweb/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
This page outlines the data that is stored by this website, the purposes for which it is used, and to remind you of your rights respecting the use and storage of your information.
Information stored on your computer
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.  They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently to improve the user experience, as well as to provide certain information to the owners of the site.
Cookies are everywhere in modern websites.  This site is very modest in how it uses cookies.  The cookies used are standard ones, common with many other sites, and are used to make certain services work.
Platform cookies
This website is running Drupal which is a standard platform for hosting websites.  Drupal stores some cookies to make the website work efficiently.
There is a cookie stored to record that you have accepted cookies.  When you first visit the site, you will see a banner message indicating that by continuing to use the site you are accepting the use of cookies.  If you don't use the site further, this cookie isn't stored.
For efficiency, Drupal stores whether your browser allows javascript to run.  This cookie has already been stored.
If you log in to this site, Drupal stores a cookie to keep you logged in.
In certain less common scenarios there could be other cookies, for example, to store your preferred layout on a particular page.
Google Analytics
This site uses a tool called Google Analytics.  It's a very popular tool, reported to run on over 15 million sites including 60 percent of the top 10,000 sites (link).  In summary, Analytics helps us understand how visitors use the site, and so improve the site.  You can read more about the cookies Google store and how you can manage them.
Your choices for controlling cookies
This site relies on cookies to function.  Without the cookies described above, the website won't work fully.  For example, you will not be able to stay logged in.  Therefore there is no option in this site to prevent cookies.
However, it is likely that your web browser (the program or app you are using right now to view this page) has options to disable or delete cookies within the privacy or security settings.
Information stored on the website
Like most sites, this server uses log files.  The log messages include a record of every page requested, the time of the request, the browser used and the IP address.  The log messages are used to determine the cause of errors on our website, monitor for security issues, and check for spamming behaviour.  These logs are automatically deleted after one month.
The server maintains statistics about overall usage patterns, used to analyse what content is popular with visitors and to charge the website owner for resources used.  This data is aggregated and although it contains IP addresses, there is no further data relating to the IP address.  Statistics are kept for 5 years.
Newsletters
If you have subscribed to our newsletter, then your email address is stored on this website, and is used in order to send you the newsletter that you requested.  We do not use that list for any other purpose.
Except where a newsletter is a condition of membership, every newsletter offers the option to unsubscribe or manage other settings, via a link in the email.  You may also contact us to request the removal of your email address from this website.Membership data
If you are a member of this website with an account to login, then we store personal information such as an email address, membership information and any other data that you provided.  For more detailed information, please view our Policies.  You can view and edit your personal information when you are logged in.  If you wish to delete your account, or have any other questions, please contact us.
When you are logged in, the website software logs certain actions and these logs are kept for one month.  The website records the date and time of your last login.  This information is used for monitoring security or addressing errors in the website.
AlbanyWeb Ltd acts as the data processor for information stored on this website, and has access to this data so that they can manage the website effectively and deliver a hosting and support service.  We take the protection of this information seriously and have taken measures to limit access to it.  To protect from data loss, information on the website is
stored in backups, which are encrypted.  The hosting and support agreement is governed by AlbanyWeb'sTerms and Conditions, which include reasonable efforts to keep the website software in compliance with current privacy and security legislation.Information stored by other sites
Google Analytics collects anonymised IP addresses.  These are IP addresses with the final digits set to zero to obscure the physical location of a device.  The IP addresses are not visible to us, and are deleted after 14 months.