https://www.pklaw.gr/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
What personal information do we collect and what is our
purpose?
Our website
https://pklaw.gr
has primarily informative content and minimizes the collection of
your personal data (hereinafter “Data”). We collect only your
absolutely necessary Data, which are appropriate and clear and
limited to the intended purpose. Currently, except for any Data
collected by Cookies (see further our Cookies Policy here), Data
are limited to what you fill in at the “CONTACT” electronic form on
our website (name, email). Your Data are processed only for
communication purposes with you.
What is the legal basis for the processing of your Data by the
Company?
Your Data are collected only with your consent or for the
fulfillment of the Company’s legal obligations or for the Company’s
legitimate interests.
Who are the recipients of your Data?
We do not disclose your Data to third parties. Access to your Data
is limited to strictly to the absolutely necessary staff of the
Company, which is located within the EU and is committed to
maintain confidentiality.
Do we transfer Your Data o
utside the EU?
We do not transfer your Data to countries outside the EU. Your Data
is being processed only within the EU.
When do we erase your Data?
The Data you provide us with will be maintained/ stored by the
Company only for as long as it is required to fulfill the purpose
for which you have disclosed them to us and in compliance with the
applicable legal provisions.
We erase the Data collected by Cookies, in accordance with the
Cookie Policy
.
Are Your Data Secure?
As we acknowledge the importance of your Personal Data security, we
have taken all the appropriate organizational and technical
measures to protect your Data from any form of accidental or
fraudulent processing. We use the most modern and advanced methods
to ensure maximum security. These measures shall be reviewed and
amended as necessary.
What are your rights?
You have the following rights:
Access to your personal data.
Rectification of inaccurate personal data.
Erasure of your Data (“right to be forgotten”)
Data portability
Restriction of processing of your Data.
Objection / withdrawal of your consent to the processing of your
Data.
How can you exercise your rights?
In order to exercise your rights you can either mail your claim to
the postal address of our Company (2 Afentouli str, 18536 Piraeus,
Greece) or address e-mail to the DPO at
dpo@mail.gr
and we will consider your claim and try to respond to you as soon
as possible.
Where do you address your inquiries on the progress of your
claims?
For more information, you can call at tel. +30210 4525323
Do we make decisions based solely on automated processing,
including profiling when processing your Data?
We do not take decisions, nor do we proceed to profiling, based on
the automated processing of your Data unless you use “cookies” on
our website https://abcml.com/ always under the condition of your
prior information and consent.
Which law applies to the processing of your Data?
Greek law is the applicable law, aligned with the General
Regulation on the Protection of Personal Data 2016/679 / EU and the
current national and European legislative and regulatory framework
for the protection of personal data in general. Competent Courts
for any emerging disputes related to your Data are the Courts of
Piraeus.
Where can you file a complaint against a potential violation of
your Data?
You have the right to file a complaint with the Personal Data
Protection Authority (www.dpa.gr) if you believe that the
processing of your Personal Data violates the current national and
regulatory framework for the protection of personal data.
How will you be informed on any changes to this Policy?
We update this Policy whenever necessary. If there are any
significant changes to this Policy or the way we use your Data, we
will post those changes on our website before the changes come into
force and we will notify you in any appropriate manner.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy on a regular basis in order to
be aware on the way your Data are protected. For any further inquiries on
the processing of your personal data, please contact the DPO at tel. +30210
4525323, Email
dpo@pklaw.gr
, address 2 Afentouli street, 18536 Piraeus, Greece.