https://www.unitedwaync.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
HomeAboutStaff2020 UWNC Board of DirectorsContact UsReports & FinancialsFor United WaysUnited Way Log-inSpirit of NC Award WinnersNC United Way DirectoryJobs BoardNC 211GiveAdvocateSelf-Sufficiency StandardOur money needs calculatorCounty Data SheetsCORONAVIRUS (COVID-19)UWHELPS NC COVID-19 RELIEF FUNDNC Disaster Relief Fund
Privacy Policy
United Way of North Carolina (UWNC) understands that privacy is important. UWNC is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and any confidential or personally identifiable information that you provide to us as you access and use the materials on unitedwaync.org (Site) including the subscription, donation, and login pages of the Site. UWNC operates this Site. The following Privacy Policy outlines the breadth of UWNC’s commitment to privacy and is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information that you provide us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using the Site. Please note that UWNC, in its discretion, may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes to our policy will be reflected on this page so that you remain informed about the information we collect and how we use it. By exploring and using this Site, and by submitting information as you use this Site, you agree to UWNC’s use of such information as described herein. Please read this policy carefully.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@unitedwaync.org.
Donor Policy
United Way of North Carolina will not trade or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else. However, the information you enter when making an online donation may need to be shared with payment processors, financial gateways, your credit card company, and/or other third parties, but only for the purpose of authorizing the credit card payment or otherwise completing the requested transaction.
External Links
This Site may contain links to external sites. These sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. UWNC does not take responsibility for the privacy practices of any third party sites to which we link. You acknowledge and agree that UWNC is not responsible or liable for (a) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources, or (b) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by us of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You agree to review the privacy policy of any third-party website or resource before using it, and you accept sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
Personally Identifiable Information
The nature of our services may require that we request personally identifiable information from you (such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card number, e-mail address, and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you) in connection with your use of, or participation in, online donations, workshop and training registrations, and requests for additional  information (including via email to us), and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on this Site. In all of these cases, all information is collected voluntarily. Gathering this information allows us to serve you and the community better. We use this information for our business purposes and reserve the right to share this information with third parties. While UWNC undertakes efforts to see that any third party to whom UWNC discloses personal information is under an obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which UWNC exercises no control. UWNC is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling practices of third parties.
UWNC may place Internet “cookies” on your hard drive. Internet cookies are small amounts of data that contain a unique identifier that many websites frequently send to your web browser to be stored on your computer’s hard drive in order to save data about you, such as your name, password, user-name, screen preferences, and the pages of a website you have viewed. When you revisit the Site, UWNC may recognize you by your Internet cookies and customize your experience accordingly. You may decline Internet cookies by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software, if available.
We may also use personally identifiable information from non-donor related sections of the website for internal or external fundraising or informational purposes. Please note, however, that under certain circumstances, if you initially do not choose to share contact information to sign up for workshops or other programs, or if you later "opt-out," you may not be eligible for certain outreach efforts from us for which a name, e-mail address,  telephone number or other personally identifiable information is needed.
We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order or in compliance with the Patriot Act. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if  there is an attempted breach of the security of this Site, or a physical or property threat to you or others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information (browser types, technical information, operating systems used to access the site, ISP, user visits) through the use of:
• "Cookie" technology: A "cookie" is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. We do not collect any personally identifiable information through cookies.
• "IP address tracking": An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from this Site, our servers log your IP address.
• "Web beacons": A Web beacon, or "clear gif", is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a web site can use to determine information about a user.
Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on this Site and about the links you may select from within this Site to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.
We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners, suppliers and other third parties, but we will not share any individual names, personal navigational or other personal information.
Further, we may contract with a third party web analytics provider, such as Google Analytics or a similar service, to help manage and optimize unitedwaync.org. We use this service to help us research how visitors use this Site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookie technology on this Site. The type of information we collect includes the number of visitors web pages receive, how a visitor navigates around the Site, type of browser used, and number of times a visitor makes a donation. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors. Although this third-party provider logs the information coming from this Site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. We collect summary and statistical information about the numbers of individuals who visit our web site and what those individuals view. We use this information for our business purposes and reserve the right to share this information with third parties and when required by Law Enforcement investigation.
Third Party Services
UWNC does use third party web services to provide a higher level of service to you. When interacting with unitedwaync.org through a third-party service, the third-party service provider’s privacy policies apply. These third party sites may collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of Web beacons and cookie technology. The type of information collected includes number of visitors, number of downloads, and technical information. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what information is most attractive to our visitors. Although these third-party providers log the information coming from this Site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. We use this information for our business purposes and reserve the right to share this information with third parties and when required by Law Enforcement investigation.
The list below shows third-party services currently used by the United Way of North Carolina on unitedwaync.org and provides links to the privacy policies of each third-party service provider.
Cincopa: This service is used for management of assets in our online toolkits and for managing photos. https://www.cincopa.com/cincopamanager/privacy.aspx
PayPal: This service is used as a payment processor for authorizing credit card payment or otherwise completing requested transactions
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Mobile Cause: This service is used to promote fundraising campaigns and for authorizing credit card payment or otherwise completing requested transactions. https://www.mobilecause.com/privacy/
Internet Security
UWNC uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the Site is generally available. However, there will be occasions when access to the Site will be interrupted or unavailable. UWNC will use reasonable efforts to minimize such disruption where it is within its reasonable control. You agree that UWNC shall not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of any content via the Site may be transferred unencrypted and involve: (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Please be advised that we do not guarantee that any information sent from our Site will be secure during transmission, nor can we guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to UWNC via the Site or the Internet in general, including, for example, personal information such as your name or address.
Protection of Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, UWNC has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no security system is perfect, and UWNC cannot guarantee that information you provide to UWNC over the Internet will remain private. UWNC also cannot guarantee that information you transmit to us over the Internet will not be intercepted.
Children under the age of 18
We realize that some members of our audience may be under the age of 18 and may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children's exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Website from visitors in this age group and will take prompt steps to delete any such personally identifiable information.
Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Information
Upon your request via postal mail, email, or telephone, UWNC will provide you with a summary of any personal information retained by UWNC that has been voluntarily provided by you to UWNC through online forms, registration forms, surveys, email, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change or update your personal information by contacting UWNC by email at info@unitedwaync.org.
Acceptance Terms
You signify your acceptance of United Way of North Carolina’s Privacy Policy through your participation and continued use/visitation of this website. If you have any concerns regarding the policy, please discontinue use of this site.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Your personal information and privacy is important to us. Please note that we will take whatever measures necessary to protect your privacy by keeping appropriate security measures on our database, exercising best practices with the transmission of your information (unless sent by a means outside of our control, such as e-mail).
Please also note that any reference herein to any specific commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by United Way of North Carolina.
Your Suggestions
UWNC welcomes your comments and suggestions about the Website, but UWNC asks that you do not send us any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials, or other information relating to developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, providing, or marketing any of our products or services or any new products or services.  With this in mind, if you choose to send to UWNC via the Website any such information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, product or service ideas, know-how, or suggestions (collectively, “Your Suggestions”), you agree that UWNC will own Your Suggestions, and by submitting Your Suggestions to us via the Website, you assign to UWNC all worldwide rights, title, and interest in and to Your Suggestions. UWNC will not have any obligation to keep Your Suggestions confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute Your Suggestions to others without limitation or liability. UWNC may use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques in Your Suggestions for any purpose whatsoever, including developing and marketing products or services that incorporate or otherwise embody Your Suggestions, without providing any notice, compensation, or attribution to you.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, requests, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, please email us at info@unitedwaync.org.
Updated July 2018
Quick Links
HomeAboutStaff2020 UWNC Board of DirectorsContact UsReports & FinancialsFor United WaysUnited Way Log-inSpirit of NC Award WinnersNC United Way DirectoryJobs BoardNC 211GiveAdvocateSelf-Sufficiency StandardOur money needs calculatorCounty Data SheetsCORONAVIRUS (COVID-19)UWHELPS NC COVID-19 RELIEF FUNDNC Disaster Relief Fund
Seeking Help?
Need assistance? Not sure where to start? No matter where you live in NC, you can dial 2-1-1 and a compassionate, trained  NC 2-1-1 call specialist will help you to find available human services resources in your community. Dial 2-1-1 or click the button below to learn more!
Main menu
HomeAboutStaff2020 UWNC Board of DirectorsContact UsReports & FinancialsFor United WaysUnited Way Log-inSpirit of NC Award WinnersNC United Way DirectoryJobs BoardNC 211GiveAdvocateSelf-Sufficiency StandardOur money needs calculatorCounty Data SheetsCORONAVIRUS (COVID-19)UWHELPS NC COVID-19 RELIEF FUNDNC Disaster Relief Fund
User menu
User account